{"city": "maragao/panaji", "code": "12168475", "title": "Shocker: All in Alemao 'family' failed", "text": "MARAGAO/PANAJI: The dream of the Alemao clan to hold sway over the state's political scenario was shattered to smithereens by the electorate as all four candidates from the family lost to first time contestants even as Congress' 'family raj' policy witnessed a mixed response in North Goa.While PWD minister Churchill Alemao was defeated by BJP-backed independent Avertano Furtado in Navelim by 2,145 votes, urban development minister Joaquim Alemao was trounced by BJP's Subhash 'Rajan' Naik in Cuncolim by 1,313 votes.Churchill's daughter Valanka was defeated by Goa Vikas Party's Caetano Silva in Benaulim by 2,001 votes, and Joaquim's son Yuri lost to BJP's Subhash Phaldessai by a narrow margin of 438 votes.A crest-fallen Churchill Alemao was at a loss for words while speaking to the media.Asked what could be the possible reasons for his defeat, the PWD minister merely said, \"People know\". Asked if the family raj issue did him in, Churchill said, \"I don't think (so).\"Urban development minister Joaquim Alemao, speaking to the media, expressed bitterness over the people's verdict. \"After doing so much for the people... development, employment, they didn't vote for me. I don't know why,\" Joaquim said. Yuri however said that the anti-Congress wave across the state contributed to his defeat.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12169001", "title": "NCP activist released by crime branch", "text": "NASHIK: The Mumbai crime branch has released NCP activist Kailas Mudliyar, who was picked up from his office on Monday afternoon.DCP Nissar Tamboli of the Mumbai crime branch informed that Mudliyar was not arrested but had been taken to Mumbai so that his statement could be noted down in connection with a case pertaining to the Arms Act.According to reports, on February 27, Sachin Khambe, who was undergoing life imprisonment in a murder case, was taken to Mumbai to attend a hearing in a case. In the evening, he escaped from the hands of the police escort at Dadar station under the pretext of going to the bathroom. Two days later, he was arrested again by the Mumbai police, and during his interrogation Mudliyar's name had surfaced.DCP Tamboli said that Mudliyar was taken to Mumbai for his statement in this regard and soon released after his version had been recorded. On Monday, while there were no concrete reports as to on what grounds he was picked up from Nashik, the city was rife with speculations about the action taken by the crime branch against him. Mudliyar's phone remained switched off when TOI tried to contact him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170329", "title": "SP wins 9/10 seats in Azamgarh district", "text": "VARANASI:The Samajwadi Party (SP) made a clean sweep by winning nine out of 10 assembly constituencies in Azamgarh district. It was a great loss for the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) that lost its six seats won in 2007 elections.According to the poll results, except for one seat, Mubarakpur, which was bagged by the Bahujan Samaj Party, the SP won nine seats including Azamgarh Sadar, Didarganj, Nizamabad, Phoolpur, Atrauliya, Mehnagar, Lalganj, Gopalpur and Sagri.In 2007 the BSP had won six seats including Gopalpur, Nizamabad, Atrauliya, Mehnagar, Lalganj and Mubarakpur while SP won four seats including Gopalpur, Azamgarh, Saraimir and Mubarakpur. In delimitation process, one seat of the district, Saraimir, lost its existence while a new seat, Didarganj, was created.Winners of assembly election 2012 in Azamgarh district are: SP's Sangram Singh Yadav in Atrauliya,In Gopalpur, SP's Wasim Ahmad won, the Sagri seat was won by SP's Abhay Narayan Patel, Mubarakpur by BSP's Shah Alam Guddu, Azamgarh seat by SP's Durga Prasad Yadav, Nizamabad by SP's Alam Badi, Phoolpur by SP's Shyam Bahadur Singh Yadav, Didarganj by SP's Adil Shekh, Lalganj (SC) by SP's Bechai Saraoj and Mehnagar (SC) by SP's Brijlal Sonkar.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169413", "title": "\u2018Courts can\u2019t decide where dividers should come up\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday said it cannot direct where dividers should come up or traffic signals installed as it is the job of the traffic authorities and not the court.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition by Laxmichand Vira, a resident of Samadhan Cooperative Housing Society, against concrete the divider at the end of the flyover on Senapati Bapat Marg in Dadar (W), the road parallel to Dadar railway station. The petition said the divider was causing inconvenience to residents of several buildings on the stretch by blocking their access.According to Vira's petition, in August 2008, the deputy engineer (roads) of the BMC's G North ward built the divider between Tilak Bridge and CKT Cooperative Bank. Once the divider was constructed, Vira could not take his vehicle into his building compound while coming from the opposite direction without taking a U-turn approximately 1 km away. His petition states that during an emergency, it would be very difficult for any help to reach the building. The petition has urged the court to direct the removal of the divider.\"This job is best left to the traffic department. We'll make a mess. If we direct the removal of the divider and this results in some death, everybody in this city will blame the court,\" said Justice Majmudar.Additional government pleader submitted that the divider was placed because of heavy traffic and congestion on Senapati Bapat Marg. The judges said they will ask traffic authorities to consider the petitioner's grievance. Adjourning the hearing to March 14, 2012, they directed the traffic department and the BMC to file replies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12170980", "title": "Election result: Ex-IITian to be 2nd-time CM", "text": "PANAJI: It's a dream come true for Manohar Prabhu Parrikar to lead the BJP to victory in the March 3 polls. Parrikar who will take over as the 17th Goa CM, following a clear victory for the BJP, is an ex-IITian, having earlier held the CM's position for four-anda-half years from 2000 to 2005.After schooling in Goa, Parrikar did his BTech in metallurgy from IIT Bombay. He worked for a firm for seven months before returning to Goa and setting up a factory at Mapusa industrial estate manufacturing hydraulic equipment.A resident of Mapusa, 15km from Panaji, his family came from Parra village, near Mapusa, in Bardez taluka.He loves to read thrillers, watch movies and cricket matches. Born on Dec 13, 1955, Parrikar contested his first election in 1991 from North Goa hoping to enter the LS. Coming from the RSS, Parrikar, known for his astuteness, worked his way to get the candidature for Panaji seat elbowing out senior state leader Madhu Dhond.He was one of the four MLAs, BJP opened its account with in the Goa assembly in 1994 after it rode piggy back on Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP). He first became CM on October 24, 2000 when BJP had just 10 MLAs. Withdrawing support to the Francisco Sardinha-led ministry, Parrikar cobbled up a government with more than 11 defectors.Due to instability, he dissolved the Goa assembly midway through the term in February 2002 and went for fresh elections. In the election held in June 2002, the Parrikar-led BJP got 17 seats.With other smaller parties, he formed the government but there was no stability and in early 2005, the government collapsed.Realizing how difficult it is to manage a coalition, Parrikar has always said that the electorate should give BJP a majority to govern the state. Parrikar's name figured in the probables for the BJP president's post in 2009, though the mantle was taken up by Nitin Gadkari in 2010.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12169584", "title": "New robot to detect bombs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Now, with an indigenously built remote-operated robot to detect and dispose bombs and other explosive substances, Kerala can do away with the unsafe handheld method of bomb disposal.Developed by the Kerala Police Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad, the robot can detect bombs from 100 meter range through its arm guide and sensor camera and it can be remotely operated. The robot, with 100 kg base, has a lifting capacity of 600 kg and can rotate 360 degree clockwise and anti-clockwise.\"The arm parts and camera of the robot were imported and the rest was developed indigenously after the duty hours,\" said Jose M V and Anoop Ravindran from the Kochi city bomb squad, the brains behind the idea.\"A better model of this can be developed and it would incur a cost of Rs 10 lakh. It would cost around Rs 3 crore to purchase a similar model from abroad,\" Jose said. \"The robot can be improvised further with extended telescopic manipulation up till 5 metre or more and for bomb segregation,\" said Prashant K R of the Ernakulam bomb squad. Within 15 seconds, through telescopic manipulation it can track the bomb 5 meters away and dispose it minimizing the damage to the bomb squad wearing the special jacket suit. This imported telescopic handler can cost over Rs 5 lakh while this indigenously developed one would cost Rs 15,000, he said.Kerala Police Bomb Squad (KPBS) inspector L Lawrence said the government has approved the initiative and the proposal to develop such indigenous cost effective robots was sent to the home department. Currently, all these equipment are on display at the international expo held at Kanakakunnu palace grounds in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168371", "title": "\u2018Work on Durgawati project to begin soon\u2019", "text": "PATNA: The state government announced in the Bihar Legislative Assembly that work on the Durgawati project would begin soon. Minister for water resources department Vijay Chowdhary said that the project was delayed because of the irregular decisions taken by the irrigation minister during the RJD regime as a result of which matter pertaining to the project was taken up by the Supreme Court (SC) which also put a stay on its work. The minister said that a sum of Rs 200 crore has been spent on the Durgawati project during the period 1975 to 2005.He said that the NDA government in Bihar filed an interlocutory petition in the SC and got the matter resolved. Now the state government is all set to spend Rs 400 crore. Tender has already been issued and very soon work on the project would start. The minister was speaking while giving reply to the debate on his department's budgetary demand.The cut motion was moved by Dinesh Kumar Singh (RJD) which was rejected by voice vote by the House. Later, the House passed the budgetary demand of Rs 2,957 crore. The members who participated include Ramanand Ram, Dulalchand Goswami, Shaligram Yadav and Jawahar Prasad. Chowdhary said shortage of potable water is now a world phenomenon. Now it is the need of the hour that one should curtail per capita consumption of water as also launching an awareness campaign about proper use of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12168317", "title": "2 years on, railway overbridge work drags on", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even after two years, the construction of foot over bridge (FOB) on the city railway station has not been completed, resulting in botheration and hardships to commuters. The bridge is being constructed for providing better connectivity to all the platforms, as the existing platforms are very narrow.There are three foot over bridges but they are only 5-6 feet wide, resulting in extreme rush at the FOBs. It is very difficult to reach the platform number 6 and 7, as there is no direct connectivity and passengers have to climb the stairs again and again.The commuters are facing a tough time, especially the ones who have to enter the railway station from the back side.From the main entrance, nobody can even think to enter the station when he is in a hurry due to extreme rush outside. I always prefer coming from Civil Lines side but the FOB that connects the reaching station is very narrow and it becomes difficult to catch the train in time,a?? said Balwinder Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town.The authorities were claiming to complete the construction work by the end of this month but the work is moving at slow pace and is unlikely to be completed on time. The railway authorities had started construction work in April 2010 and claimed to complete it in six months, but even after extending deadlines several times, it is still under construction.The railway officers are claiming that it is under fabrication and within next 3 months, it would be completed.Divisional traffic manager at the station, Parminder Singh said, \"earlier the work was moving very fast pace but for some days it has slowed down because of labour shortage and other technical reasons. We are trying our level best to complete the same on time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169245", "title": "IPC Section 144 promulgated in city ahead of Holi", "text": "JAIPUR: The police commissionerate system here has been extra careful not let any untoward incident happen during the Holi celebrations, the first festival of colours which is happening since it came into existence last year.The commissionerate has imposed Section 144 of the IPC as a warning to residents to celebrate Holi without troubling others. They have been warned not to put colours on others against their will unless the want to spend in jail. Traffic police will also be very strict against those flouting norms, including drunken driving.\"Holi is a festival of fun. The police department wishes a great Holi for the residents. But one should not be allowed to create any nuisance. So to ensure law and order, we have put some restrictions under Section 144 of the IPC,\" commissioner of police B L Soni said.The police have also cautioned the residents not to conduct 'holika dahan' at public roads, near petrol pumps and other such vulnerable places.Under these restrictions, people have been warned not to forcefully put colour on somebody against his or her wish. Besides, harmful chemical colours, balloons, oil paint, mud and other similar things will be completely banned.\"Police can detain a person possessing even sticks, besides other arms,\" a police officer said.The orders will be in effect till Friday night. Those found flouting the orders will be punished under Section 188 of the IPC, police said.They also said elaborate security arrangements will be made especially in the Walled City areas.\"Police pickets will be deployed throughout the city. Suspicious activities will be under watch,\" the police officer said.\"We have been carrying out special campaign against drunken driving for the past two days. The drive will be enforced more strictly on Wednesday and Thursday,\" the officer said.He further said it was seen in the past that people tend to flout norms during Holi which leads to accidents. \"Among all norms, putting a curb on drunken driving will be our first priority this time,\" the officer said.He added that special teams will be deputed which will check commuters using breath analyzers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12173164", "title": "NRI to set up Rs 10cr auto unit in Dharwad", "text": "HUBLI: It's a call of the motherland for Ravi Harsoor, an NRI hailing from Gulbarga and settled in the US, who has come forward to set up an auto ancillary unit in north Karnataka and contribute his bit to the industrial development of the region.At the North Karnataka Investors' Meet held here on Monday, Harsoor expressed his intent to set up an auto ancillary unit at Belur industrial area in Dharwad at a cost of Rs 10 crore. It will be a pilot project and based on the response, the NRI plans to expand it further.Born and brought up in Gulbarga, Ravi Harsoor is an engineering graduate settled in America for the past 18 years. He worked for a few years at the Tata Consultancy Services in Mumbai before moving on to the US.Speaking to TOI about his project, Ravi said he was waiting for some opportunity to set up an industrial unit in north Karnataka. It came in the form of the North Karnataka Investors' Meet.\"I was invited by the industries ministry to attend the meet. I decided to tap the potential of the region in the auto sector,\" he said.\"If the pilot project takes off well, we are keen on setting up a permanent auto ancillary establishment investing Rs 50 crore more,\" he said.Two of Harsoor friends, Virupannavar and Goutam Chopra are also joining hands with him in this venture.Now, the team is in the process of identifying land in Belur and finding prospective buyers.They plan to start the unit by the end of December.Harsoor is running real estate and health care projects in the US. He is also owns a BPO in Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170707", "title": "BSP may be down, but not out", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as it reels from its worst poll drubbing, BSP remains a firm pole of UP politics, ensuring the possibility of a new entrant trying to barge into a bipolar contest with SP remains slim. Despite a keenly contested four-cornered fight, there are only two entities standing. The sweep of the SP win, setting new firsts in fragmented UP politics, failed to set aside Mayawati, who held on to 80 seats and more importantly 26% votes.While the results marks a huge disappointment for the dalit czarina whose 2007 victory had raised hopes of a stable rainbow caste coalition, Mayawati seems to have lived to fight another day. BJP's hopes of emerging a likely challenger remain just that.BSP will know that Mandate 2012 is a vote against poor governance and corruption. BSP rebel O P Singh, who ensured the party's whitewash in Sultanpur, rubbed it in: \"Mayawati drew an iron curtain and ran the government through bureaucrats. It took her away from people and led to insensitive governance.\" But anger against Mayawati does not rule her out as an alternative in the future, if SP's return five years after a big defeat is an indication. Her downward graph having made the mistake of reading her 2007 win as the stepping stone to the PM's chair is a lesson in itself.The party's high vote share with strong showing in areas like western UP means a lively support base alert to tap an anti-establishment mood in the near future. Mayawati still scores high on law and order front, a positive conceded by voters even as they prepared to junk BSP for corruption.Despite the debacle, BSP seems to be growing into a cadrebased party, a process started by its founder Kanshi Ram. The erosion of Mayawati's support base shows caste groups have deserted her, but can return if she mends her aloof style and pays heed to the new sensitivity to clean governance.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170574", "title": "Congress party's Pramod Tewari scales new high of victory", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tough the Congress Party may not have faired well in the UP poll test 2012, its candidate from Rampur khaas constituency and senior party leader Pramod Tewari scaled a new height of success.The leader won the election for nine consecutive times. Tewari's name has already figured in the Guinness Book of world Records for winning eight consecutive times from a single party and from single symbol. By winning the seat for the ninth time this time, the challenge for those aspiring to break the record grew bigger. Rampur Khas is a seat in Pratapgarh district of UP.Pramod Tewari's victory is often seen as a result of weak opposition. The anti incumbency factor also fails to make a dent in his bastion considering his personal connect with the people in his constituency. This time, his native village sangramgarh was sliced away from his constituency. But to be available to people in his area, he got a house built in the heart of Rampur Khas.Interestingly, his association with Congress is as old as 32 years but all this while, the party witnessed a downward trend. Tewari is also known for his style statement and love for khadi. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170673", "title": "Abandoning 'Panthic' past did the trick for SAD", "text": "NEW DELHI: That the Congress underestimated the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) in the run-up to the Punjab polls became obvious when its leaders described the success of the party, led by the father-son duo of Parkash Singh Badal and Sukhbir, as a surprise. For the first time since 1966 - when Punjab was created - an incumbent government has retained power.Without acknowledging that the party had been lulled into a false sense of security by statistics that suggested it was near impossible for the SAD to retain power, Congress leaders like Abhishek Manu Singhvi on Tuesday sought refuge in the company of scribes who seemed equally bent on writing off the Akalis.Congress's edge was more out of anti-incumbency on paper than on the ground. Sukhbir proved to be the game-changer, having put his political career on the line by dragging the Akalis out of their Panthic past.Under Sukhbir, the Akalis elbowed the Congress out of the space for centrist politics. He played the lead role in keeping issues like greater autonomy and the 1984 riots out of the agenda. He is also responsible for the unprecedented decision by the SAD to give tickets to 14 Hindu candidates. Many interpreted this move as Sukhbir's attempt to tap the BJP's core constituency. Now, that the SAD has single-handedly come close to the magic figure of 59, his ploy has clearly worked.The BJP performance has been a real surprise as many thought the party would prove to be the Achilles' heel for the SAD and prevent it from forming government. It has managed to hold on to 12 of the 19 seats it won last time and, at least for the time being, remains an important ally.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169282", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav thanks UP voters", "text": "LUCKNOW: The GenNext face of Samajwadi Party (SP), Akhilesh Yadav, put in a sterling performance at the party's first press conference after its stunning victory. He started off by thanking the people of the state and promised to do what it takes to put the party's manifesto to shape on the ground.\"The final tally is yet to come in but the trends are encouraging for which the party is thankful to the people of UP,\" he started off. \"We will do everything possible to live up to the expectations of the people of Uttar Pradesh and not let them down for believing in the SP,\" he said. Preempting queries that were ready to be thrown at him, the SP state president said: \"Before you ask, let me tell you that Netaji (as Mulayam is called by all his partymen) was to address the press conference as has been the practice after every election. Something unavoidable came in at the last moment, so he has sent me to talk to the media on his behalf, please do not read too much into me being here,\" he said with a disarming smile.But that only led to journalists, almost in a chorus, asking him who the next Chief Minister of UP would be. His reply was simple: \"I have been saying it from day one that the entire party and its leadership want Netaji to be the chief minister and he will be the chief minister.\" Refusing to bite the bait when asked to comment on the performance of the rival parties in general and Rahul Gandhi-led campaign of the Congress Party, the SP state president revealed his astuteness: \"In politics this happens; some win some lose. Today we have won, tomorrow they will win. Everybody has worked very hard in this election\".Asked about the priorities of the party once it forms the government, Akhilesh said: \"We are duty bound to implement what we have promised in our party manifesto in all earnestness. We have done it earlier also and will ensure the same this time as well\". On steps that the party plans to take against acts of lawlessness that defined the SP's last tenure, Akhilesh said that the party has been very particular about not giving tickets to anyone with criminal antecedents barring those who were in the party for quite sometime now. \"We will ensure that stringent action is taken against those taking the law of the land in their hands. None will be spared no matter who the person is,\" he said.On the possibility of an alliance with the Congress party (the final results were yet to come when the press conference was held and at that time, it appeared the SP would not get a clear majority), Akhilesh said: \"First of all I don't think we will need it, and if the situation arises, we will not entertain any MLA with criminal antecedents.\"Asked to interpret the outcome of the UP elections, Akhilesh was cautious in choosing his words. \"To me the people of Uttar Pradesh were simply fed-up with the BSP regime and institutionalized corruption that was rampant,\" he said, adding that SP has been fighting against the wrong policies of the BSP government for the past five years. \"SP workers were ruthlessly beaten and thrown behind bars. Some were slapped with more than 50 criminal cases in a span of weeks. The common man today is aware of what is happening around him and take his decision independently and that is what they have done,\" said Akhilesh. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195916", "title": "I\u2019ll definitely be playing Holi this year: Randeep Hooda", "text": "Be it Holi, Diwali, Sankrant or any other Indian festival, our Bollywood stars are not far behind when it comes to having a blast. So is actor Randeep Hooda gonna do this Holi.Quiz him about his festival plans and he reveals, \"Every year, I celebrate this festival with lots of colours and I will do the same this year too. I hope to take time off from shootings and go home to celebrate with my parents, but it may not happen. Though I'm not in a 'pichkari or balloon phase' anymore but,I will definitely be playing Holi in Mumbai with friends. It feels great to colour people and when they colour you back. And I appreciate this festival of spreading happiness and colour all over.\" Ask the actor about any special delicacies that he likes to have this time and he replies, \"Well, when I was a kid hum revadi khate the, but now it has turned out into kheer, woh bhi maa ke hath ka.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mayyar (hisar)", "code": "12169587", "title": "1 killed, 12 injured in police-jat clash", "text": "MAYYAR (Hisar): A protesting jat was killed and dozen others, including a policeman, injured in an exchange of fire and stone-pelting when government attempted to clear the railway tracks of squatters here on Tuesday.The action began during the wee hours, when police rounded up around 200 agitating jats sitting near the rail tracks. \"Protesters were sleeping near the (railway) track when police suddenly came and rounded them up and removed their tents. Ours was a peaceful stir and we did not break any law. The police action was uncalled for and is condemnable,\" Vijay Singh, youth leader of the Samiti and resident of Mayyar claimed.Upset over police action, the protesters reassembled at Ladwa village -- the native village of Sunil Sheoran, who had fallen to a bullet in police firing during an agitation in September 2010. With their numbers swelling to over 5,000, the agitating jats equipped themselves with whatever they could lay their hands on -- stones picked from the rail tracks, lathis, sickles and fire arms - before launching a daring attack on policemen, including men drawn from Rapid Action Force (RAF), Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Haryana Armed police (HAP), to regain the lost territory. As the unruly mob charged from all sides, security forces retaliated by lobbing tear gas shells at them initially, but soon resorted to firing.Hisar superintendent of police Anil Dhawan and deputy commissioner Amit Aggarwal, who were present at the spot, remained inaccessible to media persons. Khap leaders as well as representatives of All India Jat Aarakashan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS), too, remained elusive after the incident.The police action came hours after representatives of Sarv Jatiya Khap Mahapanchayat committee failed to convince the AIJASS leaders to suspension the quota stir. Besides demanding quota under OBC for jat community, the protesters have also been demanding an immediate withdrawal of criminal cases against those who had taken part in Mayyar protests and joined blockades and indulged in violence some months back.The administration has ordered closure of all educational institutions in Hisar district for the next three days. Meanwhile, traffic on the Hisar-Delhi road was also diverted to other routes in the morning as a precautionary measure, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173084", "title": "Protect your hair from Holi colours", "text": "Harsh chemicals in colours used during Holi can harm your hair. Dr Rashmi Shetty, cosmetic physician and Dr. Swati Srivastava, dermatologist give tips on how to take care of you hair.Holi is back! And it is back with a bang! It is that time of the year again which one waits for eagerly, to drench themselves in colors of fun and love. Ducking the flying 'gulals', spray of colors from a pichkari, to rubbing one another with liquid and dry colors is the spirit of Holi. We want to enjoy each and every moment of this blissful festival.\"One thing which constantly bothers us at the back of our mind is that the harsh chemicals in the colors could harm our hair. So, how to prevent this? What precautions should one take to ensure that the damage caused is not severe,\" said Dr. Rashmi Shetty, Cosmetic Physician, Dr. Rashmi Shetty's Non Surgical Cosmetic Solutions.Dr. Rashmi listed 5 essential tips that one can follow to ensure that even after splash of harsh colors, your hair still remains healthy and beyond damageOil your hair well. It is the perfect key! A night before Holi, take a head massage with warm caster, a mixture of jojoba and rosemary oil or coconut oil. This provides your hair with ample nutrition which it would require when it gets dry the next day due to colors. If you have a sensitive scalp skin, also add a few drops of lemon juice to avoid any infection triggered by the chemicals in colors. Apply oil every day for a week or two even after the festival to ensure that your hair keeps receiving nourishment continuously.After playing Holi, rinse off your hair immediately with a mild shampoo and condition your hair. These once done, also apply a pack of olive oil and honey to your hair. This further nourishes your hair and scalp.Wash off your hair with plain water so that most of the color comes off. Then use a mild herbal shampoo. It is a possibility that the color might remain on the scalp. Do not panic, it may take a day or so to fade away. In such situations, be careful not to wash your hair twice on the same day, it can cause to hair to become drier. If you feel that your hair is becoming dry, apply oil and sleep overnight and wash it again the next day with a mild shampoo and apply hair repair serum on semi wet hair.Cover your hair , either wear a hair-band, scarf, a bandana or a shower cap on your head to protect your hair from getting tangled, torn and damaged due to artificial color.Applying hair gel is another highly recommended option to counter the harmful effects of colors, as the greasy and oily nature of gel doesn't allow colors to stick on your hair and can be washed off easily later. Rinse your hair strictly only once with a mild shampoo and do not keep on washing it again and again. Repetitive washing of hair will make the scalp dry.Dr. Swati Srivastava, Dermatologist, VLCC, Mumbai also shared a few quick tips to save your lustrous hair.Do not keep your hair open. This is the basic rule. Tie it up. Tying up gives lesser area of your head to be exposed to colors giving you an added advantage to have lesser stains to worry about.If you have oily hair, after washing off your hair with a mild shampoo with lukewarm water, apply a conditioner mix of lemon juice and water to the roots of your hair.Those who are prone to dandruff issues, you must keep clear in mind that chemicals used in colors can strip your hair off its natural sheen and turn them into damaged and brittle growths. So, if you have decided to play Holi after all, either cover your hair with a cap or else use only natural colors.If your hair texture is dry and curly, it becomes very important for you to choose a good cleansing shampoo and conditioner. The best way to look out for one is to go for one which is mild and does not have a lot of perfume and colors in it. It should be good enough to simple serve the purpose to cleanse your hair and scalp of the dirt, dust and grime.Recently colored your hair? Strictly avoid usage of synthetic colors as they will cause severe damage to your hair. Apply oil generously on your hair before playing. Simply wash your hair with a mild shampoo, condition the same and then apply hair repair serum to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal/kolkata", "code": "12167774", "title": "At No 2, TMC still a lame duck", "text": "IMPHAL/KOLKATA: Election results in Manipur are not particularly encouraging for the Trinamool Congress (TMC), with the Mamata Banerjee-led party bagging just seven seats of the 47 it contested for. Although it is technically the second-largest party in the state, TMC will be in no position to exert any influence on the next government. Having won an absolute majority on its own, Congress's Ibobi Singh will be under no compulsion to take TMC into confidence even though the parties are allies in the UPA-II government in the Centre.Worse, the \"Mamata magic\", on which Trinamool was banking after West Bengal CM's brief visit to Imphal to address a public meeting, did not cast its spell beyond the Imphal town area. Of the seven seats Trinamool won, three are in Imphal west, two in Imphal east and one each in Thoubal and Bishenpur, all in the valley area. Mamata was among a few leaders from outside Manipur to have visited the state for campaigning and this could have swung results in favour of TMC in and around Imphal. Overall, the voters did not seem impressed with Mamata's populist promise of withdrawal of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act and her photo-session with Irom Sharmila.TMC was helped in the eleventh hour in Manipur by defections from the established Manipur Peoples Party - of it's seven leaders who won, two were sitting MPP MLAs who had joined TMC just before the polls. All opposition parties, TMC included, suffered because of their failure to come to a pre-poll alliance. According to observers, TMC also suffered because the party does not have a leader of stature who could be acceptable to both the valley and the hillsThe only consolation prize for TMC in Manipur could be that the result would take it a step ahead in its quest to be recognized as a national party. The party 6% of the total votes cast in at least four states and have MPs from at least three states to make the cut. Mamata believes the 'national party' tag would help her wield more clout at the Centre and keep CPI-M at bay.Sourav Chakraborty, TMC observer in Imphal, claimed the party had got 18% of votes. \"We have got a foothold in Manipur in our debut. We have lost two seats marginally and are in the second position in 16 seats,\" he said. Subhendu Adhikary, TMC MP from West Bengal, agreed: \"Our target is 2014, when we want our leaders from the northeast in the Parliament.\" It could also be a small consolation for Mamata that Left parties, which have a long history in Manipur, drew a blank.TMC leaders will now have to decide on their approach to the next Ibobi Singh government. Sougaijam Priyokumar Singh, TMC state unit vice-president, said the party was yet to decide whether it will support the Congress or sit in the opposition benches. \"We will decide our future course of action after getting a directive from party chairperson Mamata Banerjee,\" he said. Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169171", "title": "SP tsunami blows away saffron bastion", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'Sapa'(Samajwadi) tsunami that swept through Uttar Pradesh also crashed through the saffron citadel of Lucknow, leaving in its wake a severely decimated BJP. This saffron stronghold comprising five urban and four semi-urban Assembly constituencies has, over the last 21 years, resisted many 'waves' and remained largely loyal to the BJP. But not this time.For the BJP, the rout is a severe embarrassment since it has always counted urban and semi-urban voters as its core constituency. Ever since the party rode the 'Ram Mandir' wave to power in UP in 1991, it continued to win most of the 8 seats (9 post delimitation). On Tuesday, a stunned BJP counted the loss of Lucknow North seat as its worst defeat. Ashutosh Tandon 'Gopalji', its candidate from this seat, is the son of Lalji Tandon who represents Lucknow in Parliament. Lalji has been a close confidante of Atal Bihari Vajpayee and inherited the Lucknow Lok Sabha seat from Vajpayee.Another shocking defeat for the BJP is that of Suresh Tiwari from Lucknow Cantonment. Tiwari has been winning this seat since 1996 and few gave UPCC President Rita Bahuguna Joshi any chance of winning this. But she proved the pundits wrong. Another long-time BJP legislator who bit the dust was Suresh Kumar Srivastava, who had been representing the Lucknow Central seat since 1996. The Samajwadi Party's Ravidas Mehrotra trounced him this time.In 1991, the BJP bagged all the five urban seats of Lucknow region--Mohana, Lucknow East, Lucknow West, Lucknow Central and Lucknow Cantonment--and repeated its performance in the 1996 Assembly elections. However, in 2002, the party's toll came down to four when it lost Mohana. The tally remained the same in 2007 also, lending credence to the popular impression that Lucknow is a BJP bastion that remains unaffected by any wave sweeping the state.However, this time, only Lucknow East has saved the BJP from the ignominy of a complete rout by electing party veteran Kalraj Mishra. But for a party that cited its repeated wins in Lucknow as proof of its appeal among urban voters, this lone victory is small consolation indeed. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169075", "title": "RIP, when there is power at crematoriums", "text": "COIMBATORE: If you think that the power shortage is affecting only the living souls, then you may have to change your opinion. Due to the power crisis, electrical crematoriums in the city are finding it hard to burn the dead bodies brought for cremation.Ever since the power cuts increased from four to eight hours, the three electrical crematoriums in the district including the oldest one in Pappanaickenpalayam, Athupalam and Chockenpudur, is unable to cremate more than three bodies in a day.\"There were days when at least eight bodies were cremated here, but now it has come down to just two per day. Any additional bodies brought here after 12pm are sent back as the only time available to do cremation has reduced from seven hours to just three hours now,\" says S P N Jaganathan, in charge of Chockenpudur Electrical Crematorium, maintained by the Sree Annapoorna Trust, Coimbatore.The crematoriums have to maintain the furnace temperature to at least 650 degree Celsius through out the day to burn the body. Each body would require at least one to two hours of power to burn down.During the power cuts, the temperature goes down and it can regain to completely burn the body only after the power is resumed, he said.Besides, the smoke has to be let out of the furnace as the body is burned. This requires the exhaust blowers to function properly to take out the smoke from the furnace to the chimney.\"There are schools and residential areas around the crematorium and the smoke emitted out of the furnace would create problems for them,\" noted M Balraj, in-charge of the Athupalam Electrical Crematorium, which is maintained by the Jwalah Equipments and Consultants, Madurai.The crematorium has to maintain the pollution norms as well and this makes it important that all the things work properly. This would require the operation of generators, which would help the exhaust blowers work through out the process.However, the crematorium would have to incur higher cost by spending it on generators. At least 16 litres of diesel would be required to keep the generators running for two hours. However, this will not be incurred from the relatives who come here to cremate their loves ones, he maintained. An amount of Rs 750 is charged for each cremation and it has to be maintained, irrespective of the higher cost of operation caused due to the generators.Above all this, the problem people face is that they have to take the bodies to other crematoriums that are operated on the gasifier located in different places, said V Unnikuttan, in-charge of Pappanickenpalayam, who had to send back people who approached on Tuesday morning due to power cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12172943", "title": "Young voters root for SP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The GenX wanted change and most of them were fed up with the ruling BSP government. The verdict on Tuesday candidly reflected the mindset of youths who turned up in large numbers to bring about a change, opined Arvind Kumar, a university research scholar, after the results of UP assembly elections started to pour in and a wave of change became apparent as the day progressed. While a number of young students remained glued to the TV screen sets to keep track of latest update on the election results at the PCB Hostel, the satisfaction of casting votes was also observable on their faces. Youths were positively the crucial factors and most of them were vying for a change. As it was a matter of estimate which way their votes swung, it was clearly obvious that they were nurture for change. It was also an indication of the fact that those political parties that failed to cash on their urge paid the price, said Ashutosh Pandey, MA student. The educational campuses were buzzing with speculations and expectations and faculty and students were keeping an eye on the results till late evening hours. It was a big change from the past assembly elections that not only witnessed registering more turnout in the elections, but also remained indifferent to the election results. Pointedly, youths in rural belt came out from their houses and participated in dance of democracy and also resulted a sharp rise of voter turnout, more than double of what it registered in 2007. The voter turnout in city areas including Allahabad North, Allahabad West and Allahabad South was over 42% this year, a sharp rise from 15% registered in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12169122", "title": "Gudlar held for implicating Dudu in false drugs case", "text": "PANAJI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday morning arrested PSI Sunil Gudlar, for implicating alleged Israeli drug dealer David Driham alias Dudu in a false drug case. He was earlier suspended by Goa police after he was caught on camera selling drugs, threatening to plant charas on a person if the latter failed to pay money and demanding a bribe.This is the second time that CBI arrested Gudlar and he has been booked for violations under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act and Section 211 of IPC by CBI that is investigating the police-drug mafia nexus.Sources said that CBI arrested Gudlar from the Goa reserve police in Altinho, when he reported to work. He had gone missing since February 16, immediately after CBI served him a notice to appear before them. He has been remanded to six days police custody.Gudlar, earlier posted with ANC, came under the spotlight after the arrest of alleged Israeli drug dealer David Driham alias Dudu. His arrest exposed the police-drug mafia nexus and led to the detention of another alleged Israeli drug dealer Atala and seven cops.However, now CBI investigations have revealed that the case was \"fabricated\" by the ANC and favours were given to Dudu while in custody.The PSI was also caught in a spy-camera video clipping allegedly selling drugs, demanding a bribe from the sister and girlfriend of Dudu, and threatening to plant charas on a person if he failed to pay money. Dudu's sister Ayala later said she conducted the sting operation to unravel the police-drug mafia nexus after her brother's arrest for dealing in drugs in Goa in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12168473", "title": "Burdwan officer-in-charge transferred", "text": "BURDWAN: The officer-in-charge( OC ) of Burdwan Sadar police station, Swapan Banerjee, was transferred on Tuesday evening, as there were charges of bias against him in handling the murder case of former MLA Pradip Ta and another CPM leader.Dilip Ganguly from North 24-Parganas will take charge as the officer in charge. Banerjee will be joining DIB as an inspector. Earlier, Banerjee had been showcaused for his failure to enclose the autopsy report with the case diary and he had submitted his reply on Monday.Already sub-inspector of police, Durgadas Bhattacharya had been closed to the police lines for his failure to collect the autopsy report from Burdwan Medical college hospital.Two days ago, sub-inspector of Burdwan Sadar police station Durgadas Bhattacharya was suspended on charges of 'dereliction of duty'. The move came two days after the Calcutta high court reprimanded the state government for failing to produce the postmortem reports of slain former CPM MLA Pradip Ta and district committee member Kamal Gayen on time.SI Durgadas Bhattacharya allegedly received the autopsy reports from Burdwan Medical College &amp; Hospital only on March 1, eight days after the twin murders took place, but did not hand them over to investigating officer Swapan Banerjee, the inspector in charge of Burdwan Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gidderbaha (punjab)", "code": "12169957", "title": "Warring a giant killer", "text": "GIDDERBAHA (Punjab): On a day when Gandhi family scion Rahul Gandhi does not have a reason to smile, there was one bright spot for him in Punjab.His protege, 33-year-old Amarinder Singh aka Raja Warring, not only proved to be a giant killer, having pushed SAD rebel and People's Party of Punjab chief Manpreet Badal to the third spot, but he has to his credit the distinction of having ended the 19-year-long hegemony of the ruling Badal family over this assembly constituency.While Manpreet has won from this assembly in a by-election in May 1995 and re-elected in 1997, 2002 and 2007, SAD patriarch Parkash Singh Badal has won from this seat twice. Senior Badal has rarely failed in highlighting how Gidderbaha and nearby Lambi assembly seats have traditionally remained with the 'family'.And, the fact that no member of the Badal family contested from Gidderbaha is said to be one of the reasons why Congress rebel and SAD candidate from this seat, Sant Singh Brar did not prove a match for a political novice like Warring, who got 50,264 votes. Brar and Manpreet got 36,600 and 31,822 votes, respectively.Warring, who is currently Youth Congress all India general secretary, a post he has been holding from 2010, did take a leaf out Rahul Gandhi's book while campaigning.Shades of Rahul Gandhi were evident when Warring would stop over at a poor and elderly woman voter's house and happily eat a chapatti or two claiming that he had not eaten the whole day due to his hectic schedule.Apart from his endearing style, the 6-ft tall Warring was also benefited by the anger in the constituency over the slapping of cases against Congress workers and others by the ruling SAD-BJP dispensation with almost all victims holding Manpreet equally responsible for the alleged vendetta politics.If Warring credited his victory to the love of the people for him, it was evident when thousands rushed to the gates of the counting centre at Government Senior Secondary School and smeared each other with gulal and then carried Warring on their shoulders in a victory procession.Warring, whose political career started off as a block president of Warring village in Muktsar, had two able lieutenants in his wife Amrita Singh and sister Kamal Dhillon, who came all the way from Canada to lend him a helping hand.Punjab Elections 2012Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12170031", "title": "Homeless to get land by March end", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government will provide homestead land to all homeless people in the state by March 31, revenue minister Surya Narayan Patro said here on Tuesday.Speaking to reporters after chairing a meeting of the additional district magistrates (ADMs), the minister said the government will give four decimal homestead land to each of the homeless families. \"The ADMs were asked to identify the beneficiaries on a priority basis and complete the allocation work by March 31,\" he said.After the government officers' raised concern about the illegal constructions of places of worship along highways and public places, the government also decided to demolish all such encroachments by the same deadline. tnnThe minister asked the ADMs to complete the pending mutation work. Construction of revenue inspectors' offices, issuing of caste, nativity and income certificates to school students, biennial review of bench mark valuation of land, among others, issues were discussed at the meeting.The state will prepare an action plan for solving the land problems of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and other economically weaker sections, a government statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168563", "title": "Bright boy succumbed to emotional trauma", "text": "BANGALORE: A 100 on 100 in Maths. Bright in studies which perhaps meant a rich future, but a moment's emotional vulnerability snuffed out the life of Vishnu Sharan who committed suicide by jumping in front of the Metro train on Monday night. There are murmurs of a troubled moment in a relationship with a young girl he liked but no one confirmed it.He was a genius. That's what most people had to say about Vishnu. He was a topper at St Joseph's College Boys' High School; scored 97% in the 2010 ICSE exams and went on to study Physics, Chemistry, Maths and Computer Science. He scored 100% in a recent Mathematics class exam.At 10am Tuesday, his friends and relatives congregated at his Jayanagar house. All of them, still shell-shocked by the accident, were waiting for his body to be brought there. There was a stony silence and hardly any conversation and the little talk veered around to why he took the extreme step. Friends found it hard to believe that a sharp, analytical mind like his would even entertain thoughts of suicide.One student said he couldn't think of a reason to take this extreme step. \"He was a good student, he scored over 90 in all exams. An IIT or IIM entrance test would have been a cakewalk,\" said a friends who'd known him since Class 5. School officials were shocked to know about his death. Vishnu was the teachers' pride and joy. He joined the school in Class 5 and was one of the most promising students.\"He was a brilliant boy, well appreciated by all teachers. He was excellent in academics, well behaved and on the quieter side. Nobody had any complaints against him. He'd take part in football and hockey and inter-school competitions too,\" said principal Fr Celestine Sera.His computer teacher T V Nagaraj said: \"He was a jovial boy. He had a logical mind; he excelled at Maths and Computer Science,\" he said. The school held a condolence meeting with prayers for him in the assembly.Commuters pushed back from yellow lineBANGALORE: Following the boy's suicide on Monday, BMRC authorities stepped up security presence at Metro stations and guards strictly enforced the yellow line rule. No commuter is allowed to go beyond the yellow line on the platform till the train comes to a halt. \"We used to tell people to move away from the platform edge and stay behind the yellow line. But people would stand near the edge. Now, we're making sure they follow the rule,\" said a security guard.Pacing on the platform, security guards asked people to step back from the line. BMRC resumed the services at 6 am. Many commuters were keen on seeing the place where the suicide took place. \"We learnt about the incident - it was really shocking,\" said Deepa Ramesh, a commuter. BMRC officials shot down the idea of glass panels for the station, citing financial reasons. \"Our plans don't have any provision for glass panels. We'll think of it when have the funds,\" said a BMRCL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169931", "title": "UT making residents pay for its own failure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration is set to double the power tariff in city, but it has failed to implement its plan to generate 250 mega watts (MW) of electricity mooted in 2007, which would have taken care of most of the 315 MW demand during peak summers.With Chandigarh having no power generation of its own, UT engineering department has to frantically look for power purchase deals almost every season, sometimes even bidding much more than the market price.This not just resulted in total revenue gap of Rs 351.66 crore for financial year 2011-12 but also led to extended outages whenever there was dip in supply from generating units.UT has failed to realize the plan for setting up of a solar power plant of up to 250 MW near Patiala Ki Rao. Expressions of Interest were invited several times by the engineering department, but no consultant came forward to carry out a feasibility report of the project. But UT could not find a consultant in all this time, said sources.An Israel-based private company, MST, had also visited the site in August 2007 on a request by the administration but never submitted the promised detailed project report on the 250 MW solar power plant based on concentrated photo-voltaic technology.UT's regular sources of power include National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), National Hydro Power Corporation (NHPC), and Nuclear Power Corporation of India (NPCI), Bhakra Beas Management Board, Naptha Jhakri and Tehri Hydro projects. The city is also getting 30 MW from Jammu and Kashmir. The maximum demand touched 280 MW in 2008, with a shortfall of 40 MW. The per capita consumption of units in 2007-08 was 1,224 and the UT has a total of 2.18 lakh connections.In October and December, 2011, UT was forced to impose rotational power cuts due to Chandigarh's entitlement being brought down by 3% after supply from various generating units decreased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12168095", "title": "NPF poor show a jolt to Naga integration", "text": "IMPHAL: The poor performance of the Naga People's Front (NPF), which won in four out of 11 Naga constituencies, has virtually given a hazy message that the Nagas are not in favour of integrating their community under one single administrative entity. Another point to upset the Nagaland-based party is the victory of a large number of Naga candidates contesting on Congress ticket.The Congress has won 14 of the 20 seats in the tribal-dominated hill districts, including six in Naga areas. In the valley, the party won 28 seats of the total 40.People living in the valley areas, who opposed the Naga integration movement, also elected a large number of Congress candidates. NPF leaders in Nagaland had already pointed out that the performance of the party in Manipur election would highlight the Nagas' clear vision on Naga integration movement.On seeing similar political agenda in NPF, the United Naga Council (UNC), which is demanding an alternative administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur, supported the party in the polls. To denounce the state government's alleged bid to bifurcate Naga areas to create new districts, the UNC - a conglomerate of various Naga civil bodies in Manipur - imposed a prolonged economic blockade on Imphal-Silchar and Imphal-Dimapur routes last year, triggering a commodity crisis.Contrary to Tuesday's results, six Naga Independent candidates backed by the UNC won in the 2007 polls. The winning of the four NPF candidates - ST Nunghlung Victor (Chandel), V Alexander Pao (Karong in Senapati), Dikho (Mao in Senapati) and Samuel Risom (Ukhrul) -is a big success for the party, said the latter's Manipur unit general secretary Kho John.\"Since NPF is contesting for the first time in Manipur, the people are not aware of the party. Winning four out of 12 seats in Naga constituencies is a great success,\" said John. He nevertheless said the party had committed a small mistake in choosing candidates for which the performance was not good.John objected the notion of comparing Naga integration movement and the NPF's poll performance. \"Naga integration one of the issues the NPF brought up for the election,\" he added. When NPF opened its Manipur unit office in Senapati district in May last year, all political parties in the state , including the ruling Congress, strongly opposed the move because of the formation of greater Nagaland incorporated in the party's constitution.In the initial stage of the polls, almost all parties, including the MPP, had denied having any pre or post-poll alliance with NPF. But finding a way out to defeat the Congress, the opposition front encompassed NPF in its fold. During his election campaign for NPF in Chandel district, Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio said, \"The Nagas in Manipur have suffered and faced many problems while fighting for their legitimate demands. NPF had come to Manipur to raise the Nagas' voice in the assembly.\" He had said all Nagas should shun individual interests and think of Nagaism.Terming Ibobi Singh as the enemy of the Nagas, Rio said if the Nagas elect Ibobi, he will always be the enemy of Nagas, tribals and backward people. He had said the NPF was raising the demand for integration of all Naga-inhabited areas of the northeast under one administrative roof. Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167799", "title": "386 complaints under MGNEGS scheme", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has in the last three years received about 386 complaints of irregularities under Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNEGS) from Porbandar, Kutch, Jamnagar and Junagadh districts. In reply to a question of Porbandar MLA Arjun Modhwadia, the government said that in the last three years, the state has received 152 complaints from Porbandar and 13 from Kutch.In two cases in Porbandar, action has been taken against one panchayat office-bearer and five officials, while in Kutch action has been taken in three cases against three panchayat office-bearers and two officials. The government said in Porbandar irregularities were to the tune of Rs 4.84 lakh while in Kutch it were to the tune of 82.84 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167759", "title": "President to honour grassroots innovators", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Innovation Foundation (NIF) will hold its sixth biennial Grassroots Innovation Award function at Rashtrapati Bhavan on March 9. On the occasion, President Pratibha Patil will inaugurate an innovation exhibition apart from honouring grassroots innovators.The innovators and outstanding traditional knowledge holders will be honoured by the President at the event.The innovation exhibition will continue till March 15 at the same venue. A section of the exhibition will demonstrate the 'Mind to Market' journey showcasing innovative products getting ready for the market or already launched in the market.\"This is a new legacy our President has created by hosting an innovation exhibition at Rashtrapati Bhavan every year. There could not have been a better way of making common people as well as policy makers aware of the challenges of inclusive innovation lying ahead in this Decade of Innovation,\" said Anil Gupta, executive director, NIF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12170597", "title": "Amarinder Singh rides into the sunset", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There's a refined irony in this. Just before hitting the election trail in Punjab, Congress's CM hopeful, Captain Amarinder Singh , wrote a book on Maharaja Ranjit Singh called, 'The Last Sunset'. Little would he have known that by the end of the polls, he would be riding into his own political sunset .\"This is probably my last election. I will be 70 next week and in five years, 75. That's the time one should hang one's boots,\" said the Punjab Congress chief, putting up a brave front while accepting Tuesday's debacle. He gracefully accepted the responsibility for the party's defeat, saying he was given a free hand by the high command in choosing candidates and running the campaign.Barely 24 hours before the results, the captain was confabulating with the Punjab governor, Shivraj Patil , probably pitching himself as the winner. But his party managed just 46 seats, way short of the claims of 70 plus he had made. Congress's tally being two up from its 2007 figure must hardly come as a balm to the bruised soldier. By Tuesday evening, SAD had surged ahead with 56 seats of its own and 12 of ally, BJP.The swagger in the captain's steps in the run-up to the polls was all gone by Tuesday afternoon. Another blow came in the form of his son Raninder losing from Samana. His own victory in Patiala (urban) was small consolation.The fact that Amarinder was thrust on the scene quite late might have something to do with the defeat. He was made Punjab Pradesh Congress president just a year-and-a-half before the elections. When Amarinder took up the reins, his detractors kept snapping at his heels and challenged his claim to the CM's chair despite party general secretary Rahul Gandhi's declaration of support to him.Analysts say the captain may have also been done in by two major factors: complacency, believing that SAD won't be able to buck anti-incumbency, and underestimating the opponent's organizational skills. His rhetoric, that 'there was no development on the ground', did not wash.Raja win bright spot for RahulOn a day when Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had no particular reason to smile, there was one bright spot for him in Punjab. His protege, 33-year-old Amarinder Singh, better known as Raja Warring, only proved to be a giant killer relegating Manpreet Badal to the third spot, but also helped end the 19-year hegemony of the Badal family over the Gidderbaha constituency.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12159813", "title": "Strip queen Poonam Pandey uploads her Holi pic", "text": "The internet strip queen is living it up and has posted a new Holi image. Of late, Poonam Pandey also came in the line of fire over comments from actor Chitrangada.The girl might have risen to fame with her sleazy antics but has picked up the art of handling criticism quite smartly.Bollywood diva Chitrangada Singh recently commented about Poonam, \"How do you compete with Poonam Pandey, when she is ready to strip for kabbadi matches? (sic)\".Poonam who maintained stoic silence for long over actress Chitrangada Singh's comments has finally opened up, but again in an indirect way. Without naming anyone, Poonam gave a response to the hullabaloo surrounding her growing popularity post her claim to parade in nude. Poonam tweeted, \"Tweethearts!! it really feels gr8 when people use ur name to garner Publicity! it reminds me a dialouge from the film GURU. Jab Log tumhare khilaf bolne lage Samajh lo Taraki kar rahe ho\" - GURU(sic) (If people start criticizing you, then you have certainly succeeded).\"Poonam seems to have taken criticism in her stride. However, there seems to be a tinge of rage in her response. She said, \"It's so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say. Jealousy: That's what makes a bitch talk(sic).\"So in away, Poonam is only gaining from all the whiplashes!\"Envy me; Hate me; Rate me. Face it.. You're never gonna be me.Love your haters; they're your biggest fans(sic),\" Poonam wrote on her micro-blogging site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170039", "title": "Water demand likely to rise in days to come", "text": "VARANASI: If the soaring mercury that has already crossed the psychological barrier of 30 degree C mark in the month of February this year is any indication, the Jal Kal office will have to toil hard to ensure proper water supply in the city.While the department is already struggling to provide proper water supply in old parts of the city that are located at higher level, the long list of hand pumps waiting to be rebored is giving nightmares to the office. To make matters worse, the dwindling power supply is also worrying the officials.\"We are aware of the dire need of potable water in the upcoming summer season and preparations are being made accordingly to get over the crisis. While reboring of hand pumps is at the top of the priority list, efforts like ensuring availability of high-voltage current to motor pumps for lifting water with enough pressure in old parts of the city have been also initiated. However, proper power supply is mandatory to maintain adequate pressure in the motor pumps especially in the old parts of the city,\" said PN Yadav, general manager, Jal Kal.As per reports of Jal Kal office, over 300 hand pumps are waiting to be rebored to bolster water supply in the upcoming summer season. While reboring of handpumps is at the top of priority list, laying of water supply pipelines of about 5.5 km length in the heart of the city which is likely to begin in the next month after declaration of election results. But, the office is also crippled with other problems like witnessing a long network of century-old water supply pipelines, enough to cause huge water loss (in excess of 25%) due to leakages and damage in the pipeline.It may be mentioned here that around 50% of the city is connected with century-old water supply pipeline, which witnesses water supply after treatment and filtration at Bhelupur Water Works. The total length of water supply pipeline is over 500 km and it mainly covers cis-Varuna area.Meanwhile, the Jal Kal office is also looking to enhance collection of water and sewer taxes to generate revenue in its pocket before the start of summer season. \"We are launching a drive to disconnect water connections in the households that have not paid water and sewer tax in the previous financial years despite receiving notices. The drive to collect water and sewer tax would also start in full swing soon to add to the revenue of the department,\" added the GM of Jal Kal.It is also worth mentioning that there are about 2.17 lakh water connections in the city that generate over Rs 10 crore every year towards water and sewer tax collection. Similarly, slow progress in the construction of over head tanks, acting as water reservoirs for storage of potable water has also failed to bolster water supply in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169325", "title": "Fraud charge: CM aide Marwah quits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing allegations of fraud in connection with his daughter's college admission, Jangpura MLA Tarvinder Singh Marwah stepped down from the critical post of the chief minister's parliamentary secretary on Tuesday. But even as the Congress leader tendered his resignation at the CM's residence, Mata Sundri College for Women suspended his daughter's admission and Delhi Police finally registered an FIR against him under sections pertaining to forgery and cheating three days after receiving the college's complaint.Confirming Marwah had resigned, CM Sheila Dikshit told TOI on Tuesday evening: \"I called Marwah to find out what the media reports were all about. He offered to resign and I have accepted it.\" She also said the party would consider taking action against Marwah if a need arose. \"This was what I could think of immediately. I do not know the details of the case, so would not like to comment. Let the law take its course. If the need arises at any stage, the party will see what further action is required.\"The college's officiating principal Kawar Jit Kaur, who could not be reached on Monday, verified that a complaint had indeed been made to the police. \"We verified the documents furnished at the time of admission. The marksheet furnished was from the Open School, Bhopal, and was found to be fake during verification. Therefore, the college administration decided to take action against the student and suspended her. We have lodged a complaint and also intimated the university authorities about the development,\" said Kaur, adding that the college initiated action after receiving an anonymous tip-off about fraud in the admission of Marwah's daughter last July. The tip-off came at a time when the fake marksheet scam broke in DU.\"We have registered an FIR (number 38) at the IP Estate police station. We have added the IPC sections 420 (cheating), 468 (forging to cheat) and 471 (passing off a forged document as genuine), and formed a team to investigate the case. We can confirm that Marwah's name figures in the FIR,'' a senior officer from the Central Range told TOI.Jasmine Marwah was given a BA seat last July on the basis of a marksheet and school documents enclosed with a request from her father on his official letterhead. According to the complaint, the papers showed she had scored 52% in class XII of the Madhya Pradesh State Open School in Bhopal. College authorities claimed the seal of the additional director, exams, Madhya Pradesh State Open School, and the marksheet were forged.The controversy stirred by the Opposition BJP on Monday is politically ill-timed for the ruling party as the municipal polls are just a month away. The BJP has demanded Marwah's arrest and a CBI probe into the case. Directly attacking the Sheila Dikshit-led state government, BJP's state president Vijender Gupta had threatened to launch an agitation to ensure action against Marwah.On Tuesday, senior BJP leaders led by Gupta met the commissioner of police, BK Gupta, and demanded immediate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon/ new delhi", "code": "12169689", "title": "New plans mooted to make NH-8 more user-friendly", "text": "GURGAON/ NEW DELHI: The Haryana government is likely to toe the Centre's line on the issue of shifting the proposed joining points of two peripheral roads on NH-8. Sources in the state government said that now they are considering whether the two stretches - Southern Peripheral Road ( SPR) and Northern Peripheral Road ( NPR ) - can join NH-8 beyond the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza.He added that the issue was discussed at a recently held meeting in the capital where highways secretary A K Upadhyaya took up the matter with Haryana government officials. For long, the state government has been adamant on joining the two roads to NH-8 just before the toll plaza. Haryana had been maintaining that all areas beyond the toll plaza have already been earmarked for residential and commercial activities and hence change of alignment was impossible.But, the ministry had been pushing this demand claiming that huge flow of traffic from these two peripheral stretches taking off from Delhi would cause massive congestion. It had also pointed how the state's earlier proposition would compel people to pay toll even when they use the expressway for only a few hundred metres.\"We are aware of the issue and also know that without the highways ministry's approval, we can't go head with our plan. We will find a way out, though shifting of the merging points would become an issue of arbitration between Haryana, the NHAI and the DSC Ltd,\" a senior state official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169298", "title": "AIIMS suicide: Victim\u2019s report card to be vetted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four days after a first-year student from AIIMS allegedly committed suicide after failing in the exams, the institute on Tuesday set up a committee to verify if the rules had been followed while preparing the student's result. The students' union had alleged that there was a last-minute change in the method of calculating the result due to which the victim could not clear the exam.The institute also appointed former UGC chairman Sukhadeo Thorat to identify gaps and suggest measures for the welfare and academic enhancement of undergraduate students, particularly reserved category students.The students' union, however, termed the assurances an \"eyewash\" and strikes demanding resignation of the AIIMS director continued. \"The director of AIIMS has tasked senior faculty members with verifying whether proper procedure was followed while preparing Anil Meena's result. The group will scrutinize the entire record related to his academic performance and submit its findings,\" said Dr Rakesh Yadav, sub-dean AIIMS. He added that former UGC chairman Sukhadeo Thorat, who was appointed by the health ministry in 2006 to look into allegations of caste-based discrimination at the institute, has been appointed again to examine the extent of implementation of its recommendations. Yadav said Thorat has been requested to submit the recommendations within a month.\"The UGC chairman will identify gaps and recommend short- and long-term measures to be implemented within a time frame,\" said the institute spokesperson.The students, however, were not impressed and found the formation of committees a delaying tactic. \"No one is ready to take moral responsibility for the suicide by two students in a matter of two years. In the name of justice, they are proposing committees and recommendations that are never implemented,\" said Dr Shivani Pahwa, general secretary, AIIMS Resident Doctors' Association. She said from Wednesday they are going to start a relay hunger strike.In its report submitted to the health ministry in 2007, the Thorat committee said the institute, despite requests, \"has not taken initiative to arrange remedial coaching in English, basic courses or any other spheres for SC/ST students as is required by central government educational institutions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169400", "title": "Western India's first institute of international studies at MSU", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) will start first-of-its-kind institute in western India - the Institute of International Studies. With the concept of studying India's foreign policy, terrorism, climate change and ethnic conflicts, this inter-disciplinary institute will also focus on Gujarat's response to globalization.A special meeting to approve the institute was called at MSU's Faculty of Arts on Tuesday. While the faculty passed a resolution that it was open to the idea of setting up such an institute, detailed academic proposals will be now worked out by all the boards of studies of the faculty. MSU will be seeking funding from Government of India and Government of Gujarat for supporting the institute in terms of staff, building, infrastructure and recurring grants.Across the country, such facility for teaching and research in international relations exists at very few places mainly at Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. Other universities like Jadavpur University at Kolkata, Mahatma Gandhi University at Kottayam, Madras University at Chennai and Banaras Hindu University at Varanasi also offer such facilities for studies in areas of international studies.The meeting at Faculty of Arts was a follow up to the one held by syndicate in September last which had authorized MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh to take suitable steps to promote study of international relations at MSU.The proposed institute will have India's foreign policy and key factors influencing its growth as a major power in the present international system as focal area of research.Other areas of research include country's national security, regional strategic, political and economic dynamics of South Asia with special reference to India's relations with neighbouring countries, globalization and the economy, society and culture of Gujarat apart from contemporary international issues like terrorism, environmental threats, climate change, energy security, nuclear proliferation, ethnic conflicts, human rights, democratization and migration among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169555", "title": "Parents decry repeated school bus strike calls", "text": "MUMBAI: Last week's call for strike from Friday by the School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) was the fourth in the past four months. But parents and activists say that what school buses provide is more like an emergency service and the government should act tough with the SBOA, which issues strike threats every time there is talk of implementing rules.\"We have been hearing about the government's school bus safety policy for over a year, but there's still no clarity about it,\" said Rajeev Sharma, a PTA member of a suburban school. \"The government needs to put its act together and announce a proper policy soon so that bus owners have no choice but to follow the rules.\"Ramakant Pandey, the principal of Bansidhar Agarwal School in Wadala, said, \"Bus owners have a problem with the government. Which is why they should make sure that they target the government and not innocent children in their fight. Why harass students, especially when examinations are near?\"Activist Indrani Malkani, who was part of the government-appointed committee to draft the school bus safety policy, said the norms under the policy were made keeping in mind the safety of students and there was no scope for any change.\"We understand that some norms like having bag racks under seats can be difficult to implement, but the rest are not difficult to follow at all. The government is doing its bit and will ensure that the policy is in place soon,\" she said.After the government announced its school bus safety policy, the SBOA pointed out several norms they thought were not feasible and needed change. Till date, the differences have not been resolved.\"We have been continuously following up with the authorities to resolve our differences on the policy,\" said Anil Garg, president, SBOA. \"The government appointed a technical committee, which submitted its report in January. So why are they taking two months to finalize the policy?\"School bus owners across the state have agreed to join Friday's strike and not ply buses till the government gives a certain reply. We are holding the strike to ensure that the government acts on this issue. If students are being inconvenienced, then the blame rests on the government for not taking proper action in time.\"Some principals said the strike will not affect students much because most schools have either closed their current session or will hold examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12168759", "title": "Heavyweights fall in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Hordes of political heavyweights including NCP Manipur unit president and opposition leader Radhabinod Koijam had to bite the dust as new giant killers pushed them down to the ground, changing the political map of Manipur as the results of the state's 10th assembly election were declared on Tuesday.Two Congress ministers - L Jayantakumar Singh and D D Thaisii - and legislator Bijoy Koijam also suffered a big setback in the polls though the ruling party has so far won a whopping 37 seats in the 60-seat assembly, enough to form the government comfortably for the third consecutive term.Koijam, also the former chief minister, was beaten by Trinmool Congress (TMC) nominee Khumukcham Joykishan Singh in Thangmeiband constituency in Imphal West by a margin of 984 votes. Leaders of some opposition parties, including NCP, had even projected Koijam for the chief ministerial post.\"My victory is the victory of the people. I'll continue to work for the welfare of my constituency in particular and the state in general,\" said a jubilant Joykishan, who has been doing social work in the constituency for the last five years.NCP is one of the key constituent members of the People's Democratic Alliance (PDA), the pre-poll opposition front formed by 11 non-Congress parties to defeat the ruling Congress.Veteran Manipur People's Party (MPP) leader O Joy Singh, who has won the Langthalbal seat in Imphal West seven times in the past, was left dejected after his nearest rival, Karam Shyam of the Lok Jan Shakti Party, routed him out of the constituency with a margin of 1,035 votes.V Alexander Pao, a nominee of the Nagaland-based Naga People's Front (NPF) defeated education minister D D Thaisii of the Congress in Karong constituency in the Naga-dominated Senapati district.In the prestigious Sagolband constituency in the heart of Imphal, R K Imo, a young nominee of the Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP), defeated Congress legislator Kh Loken Singh. Imo is the son of the late chief minister R K Jaichandra Singh, who was also the Union MoS for youth affairs and sports during Prime Minisetr Rajiv Gandhi's tenure.Karam Thamarjit of MSCP, who lost to rival Congress candidate Md Allaudin Khan in the 2007 assembly polls by just two votes, this time defeated Allaudin by 1,450 votes. A Sainik School alumnus and a former key post holder in a prestigious multinational corporation, Thamarjit is one of the young candidates fielded by the MSCP.Meanwhile, NCP's nominee, L Ibomcha Singh, defeated his nearest rival Congress minister, L Jayantakumar, in Keishamthong constituency in Imphal West.Congress legislator and deputy chairman of the state planning commission Bijoy Koijam was pulled down by young TMC nominee Th Bishwajit Singh in Thongju Constituency. Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12171423", "title": "What they said then... and now", "text": "Rahul GandhiOn Feb 5, Rahul Gandhi said: \"We are winning...(But) even if you give 2 or 4 seats to the Congress, we will not ally with thieves and goondas.\"On March 6, after Poll results, Rahul said: \"I led the campaign, so I take responsibility. We fought well, but the results were not so good. Organizationally, we are not where we should be in UP. Our fundamentals were weak...We haven't done well in all of UP (when asked about Congress' debacle in the Gandhi family's home turf of Rae Bareli).\"Digvijaya SinghOn February 8, Digvijaya said : We can form government in UP on our own strengthOn March 3, Digvijaya said to a TV anchor: We'll win over 125 seats and I will talk to you on TuesdayOn March 6, Digvijaya said : \"We couldn't convert the attraction of the people for Congress into votes and shares. This shows the failure of the organization, state leadership and myself...Rahul Gandhi was not projected as CM, his litmus test will come when he is projected as PM.\"MayawatiOn February 19, Mayawati said: \"We will win more seats than in 2007. Just look at the number of people at my rallies.\"On February 21, Mayawati said: \"Today I hold the master key to power.\"Mayawati is yet to react to the poll debacle.Akhilesh YadavAfter landslide win in UP Akhilesh said on March 6: \"Politics is like that. We lost last time, but won this time. We may lose again. Similarly, Rahul has lost this time but may win tomorrow...There will be no politics of revenge, no breaking of statues. Those who want to enjoy these spaces can do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12168750", "title": "City pays homage to Sobha", "text": "GUWAHATI: A semi-abstract painting of a figure surrounded by black outlines stands incomplete on its canvas at the residence of Sobha Brahma, the pioneer of modern and contemporary art in Assam, reminding the roving eyes of a visitor that it will forever be incomplete.An atmosphere of emptiness engulfed Brahma's residence a day after his demise. Hundreds turned out to pay homage to the departed artist on Tuesday as the art fraternity and his fans took turns in paying their personal homage to the mortal remains of the artist. The hearse was carried from his residence at Dhirenpara to the Government Art College at Beltola, where he had served as the principal. The hearse and the horde of people following it then went to Srimanta Sankardeva Kalakshetra, the cultural centre where he had served as the vice-chairman. The next stop was the office of the Bodo Sahitya Sabha, after which it stopped at the Gauhati Artist' Guild, Aasu office and Rabindra Bhawan before making its way to the Bhootnath crematorium grounds.\"It is a big loss for the state and its people. Sobha Brahma had alone taken an initiative to unite all indigenous and ethnic communities. He played an important role in creating awareness on development for the various communities in the state and brought laurels to the state and its people. We ask the state government to take steps to preserve his works so that the new generation can learn from it,\" said Sammujjal Bhatttacharjee, Aasu advisor.Neel Pawan Baruah, veteran artist and a close acquaintance of Brahma said his contribution in enriching the art and culture scene of the state was, is and will be immense. Kishore Kumar Das of Gauhati Artists' Guild said it was important to preserve his works for the future generations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172426", "title": "Shyam Benegal: In a bit of a spot", "text": "Shyam Benegal , who has often flexed his artistic muscles for social causes, found himself in a bit of spot recently when a certain section of the intelligentsia reacted strongly to his involvement with a controversial project.It was a contest for young filmmakers organised by corporate mining giant Vedanta, whose presence in Orissa's tribal belts has been hotly debated. Benegal, as this diarist can tell you, was severely heckled by activists, who posted open letters online and launched a scathing attack on the veteran filmmaker, expressing deep disappointment and shock at his decision to endorse the company which has reportedly displaced the tribals and robbed them of their natural habitat and livelihood.Benegal admitted to your diarist that he was aware of Vendanta's controversial presence and activities, but had agreed to be a part of the jury because it involved young filmmakers. \"You know, I am sucker for these endeavours involving young talents. And I saw only one film, the one which is already on air. Which I thought was quite good.\" The filmmaker says that as soon as he came to know about Vendanta's \"incorrect claims\" he decided to pull out of the jury. He maintains it had nothing to do with the mounting pressure and the vicious campaign against him. \"I heard there was quite a flutter on the internet, but I do not have time to read all that. The decision was purely my own,\" he said with a certain sense of dignity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169370", "title": "Lensman held for molesting aspiring model", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara police on Tuesday arrested a fashion photographer for allegedly molesting a 22-year-old aspiring model at his residence-cum-studio. Dinesh Tiwari (35) was released on bail after being produced in a court.The victim, who was from Hyderabad, learnt about Tiwari from a website and approached him. He called her to his studio on Monday evening to \"prepare her portfolio\". While clicking photographs, he allegedly touched her inappropriately. She ran away from the studio and later lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170478", "title": "SP rides high in rural, urban seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was the rural voters who actually played the big role in bringing the SP back to power. Be it in Bundelkhand or Poorvanchal or the rural corners of central and western UP, voters turned up in favour of the SP. For example in the case of Bundelkhand, the party managed to double its tally this asssembly election in comparision to the last state polls.The trend was also seen in the Poorvanchal where voters came out heavily in favour of Mulayam Singh Yadav's party. Be it first-time voters, or women or the Muslims. they were in for a change of government. The target eventually became the BSP which was hit the most. Until the last assembly elections, over 300 rural constituencies of UP had voted in favour of BSP.Not only the caste equations, but also development issues played a key role in upsetting the ruling BSP government, to pave way for the SP.Like in case of Chitrakoot constituency of Chitrakoot district from where Veer Singh won this year. This seat was a bastion of the BSP. At the same time, SP lost to Congress in Tindwari from where Daljeet Singh of the Congress won.The villagers were also influenced by the poll promises of the SP which claimed to be providing adequate fertilizers and irrigation facilities to the farmers.Results from UP's 70 urban constituencies have been anything but expected. The Samajwadi Party's cycle rode over most opposition. The trend was visible in practically all of the state's urban centres, including capital Lucknow. So was the case with Allahabad where five out of nine seats were grabbed by Mulayam Singh's party.Bah in Agra, for instance, went to Arimardan Singh of the Samajwadi Party. This seat was earlier with the BSP (Madhusudan Sharma had won here in 2007). Aligarh, in turn, which the BJP had won the last time round, also fell in the Samajwadi Party's kitty. Urban voters also ousted BSP minister Jaiveer Singh from Barauli. This time, though, it was the RLD's Dalveer Singh who won it. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168932", "title": "BJP and alliance to stake claim today", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP and its alliance partners-MGP and two independents-will stake claim to form the government on Wednesday evening, chief minister in-waiting Manohar Parrikar announced at the post-counting press briefing on Tuesday.To a query, Parrikar agreed that he is most likely to be the chief minister but said that the official decision will come after meetings on Wednesday afternoon, of BJP MLAs-elect and later a joint meeting with the MGP and two independents. He said that two BJP central leaders-Venkaiah Naidu and Ravi Shankar Prasad-are flying down to Goa for the meeting.Parrikar said the government will be a government of development and a \"government of the people and for the people in the real sense\". He said, \"We will ensure all Goan people get the government they wished for.\" He reiterated the BJP's commitment to fulfill the promises it has made within the time schedule including the Carona-Calvim bridge.Asked for his priorities, Parrikar requested for time till the state budget because \"50% of our assurances have to be provided for in the budget\". He, however, reiterated that the price of petrol will be reduced by removing the related VAT from April 2, 2012. When asked, he said the government's challenge is to put the state back on track.Parrikar promised development without discrimination. \"People who are not part of our alliance are not our enemies. The people of Goa cannot suffer because some sections did not vote for our candidates,\" Parrikar said, reiterating that his government's development will not be for constituencies but for the entire state.Asked about the flurry of hasty job offers given by the outgoing Congress government, Parrikar said his government will review the job offers and that appointments made without administrative or financial approvals will be reviewed on a case-to-case basis.Reviewing his party's landslide victory, Parrikar pointed out that one important factor of this election was the \"massive victories\" to BJP candidates.\"I can understand the kind of mandate the people have given us. The Goan people have acted with decisiveness and crippled the hand that was looting the state. The people have also given us a hand to lead the government comfortably. That was my request to them to give us a clear majority and they have listened,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar alleged that while the Congress party had \"showered\" Rs 200 crore on people during campaigning, he said that, helped by the police, the father-son duo of Pratapsingh and Vishwajit Rane had each distributed at least Rs 20-crore in their constituencies.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169615", "title": "Steep petrol price hike in the offing?", "text": "NEW DELHI: With elections in five states out of the way, the government-run fuel retailers on Monday ratcheted up their demand for an increase in petrol prices by as much as Rs 5 a litre. The demand could leave the government with a political cleft stick, coming on the day Congress received a severe drubbing in the assembly polls.Piling losses of state-run firms appear to leave little choice for the Centre but to allow some hike, perhaps Rs 3 a litre or so. But the jury is still out whether it will have the guts to bite the bullet just ahead or during the Budget session of Parliament scheduled from March 12 for fear of drawing flak from emboldened allies and resurgent regional parties like Trinamool and SP.Officially, the state-run fuel retailers are free to revise petrol price in tandem with the fuel's rates in regional bulk markets. But in practice, they do not move without an informal cue from parent oil ministry - the majority shareholder.After the fuel retailers last revised petrol price on December 1, when the fuel was at $109 per barrel in regional bulk markets, the ministry waved the red flag against further tinkering in view of ensuing assembly polls. The bulk prices have since topped $130 a barrel, making the companies lose more than Rs 5 on a litre of petrol.As a result, the state fuel retailers are estimated to have accumulated a loss of over Rs 5,000 crore in the fiscal - Rs 900 crore since the last revision in December. The government would not compensate this loss since petrol is outside the ambit of its pricing controls, unlike diesel and kitchen fuels.While the government may still give the go-ahead for an increase in petrol price under the plea that it does not have any say on the fuel, it may find revising diesel and kitchen fuels much more difficult. If at all, such a revision would happen only after the budget session, by which time the political dust kicked up in the assembly polls are expected to settle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169580", "title": "Jain discharged from SMS Hospital, taken into CBI custody", "text": "JAIPUR: Suspended ADG A K Jain, an accused in the Dara Singh encounter case was taken into CBI custody after he was discharged from the SMS Hospital on Tuesday. CBI had admitted him to the hospital on complaint of chest pain on Thursday.Sources said that a medical board had been constituted to examine Jain's health. \"The medical board came out with various reports related to his health. The reports suggested that he was in good health,\" a CBI officer said.He added that Jain is currently under 14-day CBI custody of which six days had passed. \"We have got eight more days to interrogate Jain. We will try to probe further into the conspiracy of Dara Singh's fake encounter. We will also try to find out where he took shelter while escaping arrest for nine months,\" the officer added.Jain had surrendered before a court on February 27, and on February 29, the court sent him to a 14-day CBI custody.Meanwhile, a constable, Jogaram, who was also arrested in connection with the encounter was allowed to attend the last rituals of his father on March 12 and 13 by a court on Tuesday. \"The court has allowed him to attend the rituals under police custody,\" special public prosecutor, CBI, Sarfarz Haider Khan, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168474", "title": "Cops say bank heist suspects were killed in self-defence", "text": "CHENNAI: Three weeks after police officers gunned down five bank robbery suspects in Velachery, the Chennai police commissioner told Madras high court that it was not a fake encounter and that police opened fire as a last resort, after exhausting all options.In a counter-affidavit filed in response to a PIL before a division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran, police commissioner J K Tripathy said: \"Every conceivable precaution was taken by police and the inmates were warned to open the door. However, despite warnings, in Hindi and vernacular, they refused to do so, but resorted to indiscriminate firing. The police had to return the same, as a last resort. Five inmates received bullet injuries and even though the injured inmates were rushed to the hospital, they could not be saved.\"The PIL, filed by advocate P Pugalenthi, director of Prisoners Rights Forum, wanted the police officers involved in the operation booked and prosecuted for murder.Denying any illegality and seeking rejection of the PIL, Tripathy told the court that the raiding party had to return fire 'in the exercise of private defence'. \"It was only when the inmates, instead of subjecting themselves for police verification, opened fire indiscriminately, endangering the lives of residents and with an objective to endanger the lives of the police team, that the police, left with no other option, were forced to enter the house and return the fire, risking their lives,\" he said.Tripathy also denied the theory that the suspects had used toy guns during their operation, and added that five pistols, one revolver and a shot gun, besides ammunitions and cash, were seized from the house.He said it would be a travesty of justice if the officers involved in the operation were to be prosecuted for murder. He noted that the PIL was motivated by publicity and private interest, deserving to be dismissed. The bench has adjourned the matter by two weeks for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169397", "title": "Election results 2012: \u2018Bad guys\u2019 shown the door", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gandhian Anna Hazare's Mumbai protest was a damp squib to end 2011, a year that saw him become an anti-graft icon. But if Team Anna was hardly noticed in the frenetic poll campaign, victors genuflected to the altar of transparency and the vanquished mulled the lessons.Samajwadi Party scion Akhilesh Yadav told a packed press conference after a hard won electoral win that he would ensure a \"corruption free environment'' and action against the lawless.And it wasn't just Akhilesh. Leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj also chose to call the mandate in five states as against \"corruption, price rise and communal politics\" of the Congress.The claims gain a degree of credibility with the decisive manner in which the Congress was shown the door in Goa and was unable to cleanly oust the BJP from Uttarakhand. BSP chief Mayawati's fall from grace is also attributed to corruption cases despite an even record on law and order and development.As psephologists pour over data to analyse how the public voted in five states, poll watchers feel clean governance and strong development credentials can no longer be underestimated as a fanciful notion that is bound to be subsumed by the politics of caste and communities.Uttar Pradesh has not turned casteless, but the premium on governance is increasing, forcing Akhilesh to promise that the \"goonda raj\" associated with the SP in the past will not return.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said, \"The election has taught a lesson to political parties that the public will not be fooled. This is a demand for a strong and effective system to tackle corruption.\"His colleague Prashant Bhushan saw it a little differently, saying that though corruption and Lokpal were major issues, people had been forced to choose an evil to \"avert a bigger evil''.Team Anna's cynicism about the political system did not rub off on voters, who cast their votes in record numbers. But the transparency agenda saw the BJP having to back-pedal after the inclusion of scam tainted Babu Singh Kushwaha.The Congress has steadfastly denied Team Anna's electoral influence but the defeat in the recent Mumbai municipal poll is an unmistakable warning.In public, Congress leaders maintained Hazare was not relevant to the results. \"I do not think Team Anna was really ... I was in Punjab for 15 days and I did not see their campaign reflected in any newspaper ortelevision channel,\" I&B; minister Ambika Soni said.Team Anna member Kiran Bedi sought to take credit for the Congress defeat. \"The Congress resistance to widespread anti-corruption movement cost them heavily ... Recall the Badals, the BJP, the Left parties came to Jantar Mantar and publicly committed for an independent effective Lokpal and Lokayukta. The Congress did not,\" she tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169039", "title": "Royals' challenge crosses hurdle in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The blue-blooded didn't disappoint this time too. Most of the royals fielded by different political parties posted victories, the only notable exception perhaps being Amita Singh who lost the prestigious Amethi seat to Samajwadi Party's Gayatri Prasad.Political parties have always been more than generous in awarding tickets to the former royals in their respective fiefs in consideration of their hold over their 'subjects'. Several of noble lineages were in the fray this time too, and as in the past, their loyal subjects remained, well, loyal.This time, the Samajwadi Party had fielded the highest number of royals, many of who have represented their erstwhile principalities in the state Assembly and even Parliament for generations. Mahendra Aridaman Singh, fielded from Baah in Agra by SP, defeated BSP's Madhusudan Sharma. Singh belongs to the Bhadawar royal family and is following in the footsteps of his father, Mahendra Ripudaman Singh, who contested and won elections.Raja Anand Singh , whose forefathers ruled over Mankapur estate of Gonda, won the Gaura seat on a SP ticket this time. He had drifted to the BSP from the SP just before the 2009 Lok Sabha polls which his son Kirti Vardhan Singh , also a two-time MP from Gonda, contested on a BSP ticket but lost to the Congress's Beni Prasad Verma. Raja and his son returned to the SP after this defeat. Kunwar Shivendra Singh, a royal, contested and won the Siswa seat of Maharajganj on a SP ticket, defeating BJP's Ramapati Ram Tripathi by more than 16,800 votes.Kumwar Raghuraj Pratap Singh (Raja Bhaiya) won the Kunda seat in Pratapgarh by more than one lakh votes as an Independent candidate. He belongs to the royal Bhadri family of Kunda and has won this seat five times.The other royals to post victories were BJP's Raja Jai Pratap Singh from Bansi of Siddharthnagar who defeated Lalji Singh of BSP and Kunwar Bhartendra who won Bijnor by defeating BSP candidate Mahboob.The royals who lost include Congress's Ajay Pal Singh from Arkha, a small principality in Rae Bareli, Utrikst Maurya of the BSP from Unchahar of the same district and BJP's Aditya Vikram Singh who lost from Rudauli.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12168018", "title": "Textile industry pitches for tax rationalization", "text": "INDORE: The textile industry, which is already suffering due to the imposition of 5% value added tax (VAT) by the state government, has pinned high hopes for relief from the union budget, slated for March 16.While, the traders want a complete rationalization in the tax structure, they also feel that the technology upgradation fund (TUF), which comes to an end this month, should continue for some more time.Tarun Baldua, president, Maral Overseas, said, \"I would vote for rationalization of tax structure. For example, central sales tax (CST), which was supposed to be at zero level, was still continuing, even after six years since it was introduced. We are compelled to pay CST at the rate of 2% and it is a hurdle before us and it must be brought to the zero level at the earliest. Similarly, there was no clarity on GST applicability, which must be addressed,\" said Baldua.MC Rawat, secretary, MP Textile Mills Association, has demanded that hand-made fabrics should be made duty-free, on the lines of cotton products. Similarly liquid fuel including furnace oil and liquid natural gas used for captive power generation should be exempted from both custom and excise duties.Dhanraj Wadhwani, president, Retail Cloth Merchants' Association, Rajwada, said, \"The quantum of income tax should be linked to inflation and the traders should not be harassed. We are also looking at reduction in the price of petroleum products.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12169161", "title": "Usgao truck owner arrested", "text": "PONDA: Police on Tuesday arrested Pradeep Gaunekar, owner of the truck which was involved in Monday's accident in which three people were killed at Usgao. Gaunekar was produced before the judicial magistrate first class court and remanded to one-day police custody.Hundreds of locals bade a tearful adieu to the deceased Priyanka Gaude, Ganesh Prabhu and Sagar Gosavi whose bodies were consigned to flames on Tuesday afternoon. Locals smashed the windscreen and deflated tyres of a truck that attempted to enter the village on Tuesday.Usgao market remained closed as a mark of respect to the deceased even as mining trucks stayed off the road. Usgao sarpanch Dnyaneshwar Naik has declared 3-day mourning in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168302", "title": "Drunken cop rams into car at traffic signal?", "text": "NAGPUR: A police van rammed into a car standing at the traffic signal at Ladies Club in Civil Lines near the police commissioner's office on Tuesday morning. The youth in the car claimed the van's driver was drunk.The car was waiting at the traffic signal when the police van hit it from the rear and pushed it around 50 feet forward. Supankar Shrivastav (21), who was driving the car, claimed the police driver seemed drunk. He also alleged that though he wanted to file a complaint against the driver, police are trying to hush up the incident.The police van was taking police personnel who had participated in the recent sports meet to police headquarters. The police driver was nabbed by passers-by.Shrivastav said, \"I was waiting at the signal when the police van hit the car. The rear portion of my car was totally crumpled.\" Shrivastav said the driver was heavily drunk and admitted his mistake, \"He pleaded for forgiveness and said he is ready to pay for the loss.\"Later, Shrivastav approached Sadar police station along with the driver. Shrivastav told TOI that he had filed a written complaint against the driver and was assured by the cops that a case would be registered.However, senior police inspector of Sadar police station RV Bansod claimed Shrivastav had refused to file a complaint. \"Since the driver was pleading, the complainant said he didn't want to file a complaint,\" claimed Bansod. He also said the driver had admitted his mistake. The driver was also taken for a medical test but the doctor said he was not drunk, claimed Bansod.Later in the day, Sadar police even refused to disclose the driver's name. Cops said the driver had come from Pune for the police sports meet.Shrivastav claimed that Sadar police had given him a copy of the FIR against the driver. However, Bansod said that no FIR has been registered in the case.\"Whatever financial and family problems the driver pleaded, he was drunk on duty and hit my car at the traffic signal. We will not take our complaint back,\" said Shrivastav, accusing the cops of trying to cover up the fact that the driver was drunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169970", "title": "Brushing up different shades of womanhood", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To celebrate womanhood on the occasion of International Women's Day, 'WE', a women artists' group of the city, in collaboration with the Punjab Arts Council on Tuesday organized a two-day painting workshop at Punjab Kala Bhawan, Sector 16.The workshop marked a musical beginning with as many as 35 participants singing and dancing together. Professional and amateur artists hailing from the tricity and various parts of Punjab could be seen sitting together and painting their thoughts.The theme of the workshop was woman and womanhood and all participants used their imagination to paint different aspects of womanhood. While some painted human figures, others, others picked up issues concerning women.Sharanjeet Kaur, an MA fine arts student, said, \"My painting is on the issue of female feoticide. It will have a candle and a women's face to symbolize that she is the life giver and without her the world will come to an end.\"Jaskanwaljit, a fine art teacher in a government school, said, \"I am painting a woman as a tree, which has many responsibilities but is still moving forward according to times. She has many responsibilities, but does not shy away from them.\"Daljeet Kaur, a Canada-based artist who is currently doing her research work from Punjabi University, Patiala, said, \"I want to send out a message that women should become an inspiration and strength for each other.\"Talking about womanhood Sadhna Sanghar, president of WE said, \"Women should take out at least one hour from their busy schedule to do something they desire. The country has grown but society is still the same. We need to change it.\"Works of the artists made will be displayed at the annual art exhibition organized by WE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169319", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of plan panel ex-officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A retired senior officer with the Planning Commission was found dead under mysterious circumstances near the railway tracks in the Sarojini Nagar area of south Delhi.The deceased, identified as Brahmdev Kumar, 60, had retired as deputy secretary of the Planning Commission on December 31, 2011.On Sunday afternoon, Singh left his house to get a pair of spectacles repaired but never returned, his family said. His body was later discovered on Sunday evening near the Sarojini Nagar Railway Station. Singh was taken to the AIIMS trauma centre by police where he was declared dead.Sources at the hospital said Singh had received severe head and chest injuries.Singh's family denied he had personal enmity with anyone and said they had no idea why he had gone to the railway station but suspected it was to take delivery of his mobile phone which had gone missing a few days ago. Sources said it was possible that Singh had contacted the man who found his phone and had gone to the station to collect it.The Railway Police is investigating the case and are waiting for the post mortem report.\"It appears to be an accident case but we are waiting for the autopsy reports. Inquest proceedings have been initiated,\" said a senior railway officer.Singh is survived by his wife and two daughters, one of whom studies abroad while the other is married and lives in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12169704", "title": "Gurgaon to add to its greens with new 9-hole golf course", "text": "Gurgaon is not lacking for world-class golfing greens, but for the sport enthusiasts too much is not quite enough. There will soon be a new entry on the city's golfing map, with DLF Golf and Country Club setting up a new golf course. The nine-hole course will be built on an 84 acre expanse, and is being designed by the South African pro, Gary Player.Player, who has won over 165 tournaments and was the youngest winner of the British Open, is on his first such assignment in India. \"Designing a golf course is the work of a whole team. I want you to tell you that the surface I was given to work with is as flat as this stage I standing on. And I want you to remember this when you see the finished work next year,\" Player told the audience, speaking at the official unveiling event in Gurgaon. The new golf course will be situated within the existing Golf and Country club premises, and according to the designers, will be built using treated sewage water. \"As a farmer, I realize the importance of drinking water. And that's why we decided we'll use treated waste water for building this course,\" said Player.DLF has already set up a sewer treatment plant (STP) around where the course is going to be built. \"The course will be a gift to nature,\" he added. The STP, according to DLF representatives, has a total capacity of 6 MLD, and is going to be taken to 9 MLD by the next year. DLF representatives say that the designers will be making use of the best available technology for building the golf course.The golf greens will be maintained by a sub-air system and turf temperature control systems, which will be installed throughout the expanse. The design team will be working on the project for a 12 month period, and the finished nine-hole course is expected to be inaugurated by April, 2013. \"We have worked very hard to make our existing golf facilities a success,\" said Rajiv Singh, vice chairman, DLF. He added that final plans are to expand the 9-hole facility further after its completion. \"We will be finishing setting up the 9-hole course within a year. And hopefully, in another year after that, we will make this an 18-hole course,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168443", "title": "Goal-line shock for East Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: As Al-Arouba players broke into a dance after their controversial 1-0 win at the Salt Lake Stadium on Tuesday, the lingering sense of injustice in the East Bengal camp got heightened.Starting their latest AFC Cup campaign with a loss certainly dented East Bengal's hopes of advancing from the group stage, but what hurt the red and golds more was the manner in which they had to surrender to the Yemeni outfit, arguably the weakest side in the four-team group.East Bengal players went into the match in a positive frame of mind following a session with a sports psychologist an hour before the kick-off, but a couple of questionable calls by the referee saw the red and golds lose their poise and dominance on the pitch.It all started when Bangladeshi referee Shamsuzzaman Hasan Tayeb was seconds away from blowing the whistle for half-time. Gurwinder Singh made an error of judgement in leaving a harmless ball for goalkeeper Gurpreet Singh Sandhu to clear without realising that Al-Arouba's Abdella Hamood Sharyan was lurking behind him. Gurpreet managed to avert the immediate danger by coming off the line, but it was a temporary reprieve. As the ball went up in the air, Gurwinder rushed and jumped high over Sharyan in a bid to clear it. In the process, he ended up elbowing his opponent who went down writhing in pain.The referee interpreted it as illegal as he was quick to book him and also award a penalty. The decision angered East Bengal players. Even Sharyan seemed surprised and immediately went down on his knees in prayer. Nigerian defender Fatai Adisa Alao stepped up and converted from the spot. An angry East Bengal coach Trevor Morgan was seen rushing to the official during the break to contest the decision.East Bengal hoped for a change in fortunes after the resumption of play but they were in for another shock. Edmilson's booming free-kick in the 60th minute ricocheted off the post and was headed goalward when Al-Arouba goalkeeper Mohad Abdul Khaleq recovered and managed to gather the ball on the second attempt. He appeared to have dragged the ball out after it had crossed the goalline, but the referee and his Sri Lankan assistant D Hemathunga remained unmoved by the hosts' claim for a goal. Woeful TV replays were inconclusive.A few minutes later, Tolgay came calling, chasing a brilliant lay-off from Penn Orji. The Australian fell down under the challenge of Al-Arouba left-back Zizo but the referee waved play-on.These questionable refereeing decisions aside, East Bengal were guilty of wasting chances galore. Both Penn and Tolgay failed to find the target from close while an unchallenged Robin Singh's right-footed attempt was too feeble to beat the visiting custodian.With Edmilson up front and Tolgay and Robin operating from behind, Morgan's formation swung from 4-5-1 to 4-4-2 at will and helped them control the proceedings with Al-Arouba struggling to cope with hot and humid conditions.Tolgay and Co, however, failed to produce the spark in the attacking third. Time and again, they either lost their way after entering the box or were foiled by Fatai, whose towering presence was a boon for Al-Arouba. The Yemeni side was happy to protect their lead and defended dourly to frustrate the hosts.\"It's a disappointing result. But we should not hide behind the excuse of some (debatable) decisions because we were not smart enough to make things happen in the attacking third,\" Morgan said after the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12170309", "title": "Cosmic curse: Did the moon sink Titanic?", "text": "LONDON: The moon played a key role in sinking luxury passenger liner Titanic, which went down in the North Atlantic Ocean in 1912 after hitting an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York, say astronomers.An international team led by the Texas State University says that the iceberg that sank the Titanic was actually sent on its deadly path by the closest approach of the moon to the Earth in 1,400 years, the Daily Mail reported.It was the once-in-a-lifetime lunar event that created a super-high tide on January 12, 1912 - setting loose a deadly fleet of icebergs, three months before the Titanic sank on April 14, 1912 with the loss of some 1,500 lives.The tide dislodged icebergs off the coasts of Labrador and Newfoundland, filling shipping lanes with icebergs. The ice field in the area the Titanic sank was so thick with icebergs that rescue ships were forced to slow down, say the astronomers.\"The event on January 4 was the closest approach of the moon to the Earth in more than 1,400 years, and it maximized the moon's tide-raising forces on Earth's oceans. That's remarkable,\" said team leader Donald Olson.Normally, icebergs remain in place and cannot resume moving southward until they've melted enough to refloat or a high enough tide frees them. An iceberg can become stuck multiple times on its journey, a process that can take several years.\"As icebergs travel south, they often drift into shallow water. But an extremely high spring tide could refloat them. That could explain the abundant icebergs in the spring of 1912. We don't claim to know exactly where the Titanic iceberg was in January 1912 - nobody can know that - but this is a plausible scenario.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168660", "title": "Underground parking idea dropped", "text": "KOLKATA: Transport minister Madan Mitra and transport department officials on Tuesday met environment activist Subhas Datta in a hurriedly convened meeting at the state secretariat Writers' Buildings before finalising the shifting of bus terminus from Esplanade. Calcutta high court had earlier asked the state government to take the view of Datta on this issue.The activist later said: \"The idea of underground terminus was dropped. I explained how practically impossible proposition is this to have an underground bus terminus on three counts - firstly, the environmental clearance, secondly cost and thirdly area. For building a underground terminus there, the government needs a huge open area. Mitra then admitted that this was not possible.\"At the meeting attended by senior officials including transport secretary B P Gopalika, officials of Hooghly River Bridge Commissioners and the head of the transport PSUs, Datta suggested that same bus terminus can be divided into four components and can be placed at four extreme corners of the city.Dutta told that the possible sites might be Ultodanga, Behala, Bantala and below the approach way of Second Hooghly Bridge. He also suggested that the government should first chalk out a plan consulting with town planners and experts before deciding the sites for new terminuses.For each bus terminus government has decided to carry out environment impact assessment (EIA). The state might engage central pollution control board for the study. Meanwhile, the government would write all the departments to know if any of the government agencies has suitable land for terminus.The state would seek some more time from the court for carrying out these processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12168457", "title": "Poll results: Uttar Pradesh voters give goons a thrashing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Criminalization of politics is all set to complete a full circle. At least that is what the poll results suggest with some undisputed ganglords who were known for their undisputed hold over their respective regions got a bashing this elections.The results have vindicated the stance of the major political parties who refused to entertain these dons compelling them to contest polls as independents.Be it the underworld dons like Brijesh Singh (39 criminal cases) who contested from Saiyadraja assembly constituency in Chandauli districts from a little known Pragatisheel Manav Samaj or Atiq Ahmed (45 criminal cases) - a the ganglord from Allahabad who contested from Allahabad west on an Apna Dal ticket, Shahnawaz Rana (16 cases) from Rashtriya Lok Dal from Bijnore or even Jitendra Singh Babloo (19 cases) contesting from Bikapur in Faizabad as a Peace Party candidate - not one could save his seat this time. Named in the list of top 10 mafia turned politician, none of them could finish second, what to talk of giving stiff competition to the winning candidate. Except for Brijesh Singh, all these top names from the crime world have been elected MLAs at least two times in the past but couldnt make it now.The situation was no different for the second rung of dons in Uttar Pradesh. Madan Bhaiyya (4 cases still pending against him) who has been elected four times in the past, lost on Tuesday from Loni in Ghaziabad where he contested on a RLD ticket, Manveer Singh (31 criminal cases) from Jewear in Gautum Budh Nagar , Ajay Prakash (21 cases) from Lumbhna on Peace Party ticket too failed to make it through.However some of the veteran criminals turned politican who have by now spent more time in politics than the period they were active in the underworld, managed to sail through but with wafer thin margins.That all of them have been in the saddle for more than three consecutive terms too has helped them retain their seat this time. While don turned politician Akhilesh Singh (8 criminal cases) contesting on a peace party ticket from Rae Bareilly , Raghuraj Pratap Singh (8 cases) contesting as independent from Kunda in Pratapgarh or Guddu Pandit from Dibai along with Ravidas Mehrotra from Lucknow central on SP tickets were the lucky ones who made it through.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169123", "title": "Habitual baggage thief traced through stolen mobile", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 46-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday night for a series of baggage thefts from trains across the state. The Coimbatore railway police have seized 64 sovereigns of gold jewels from him.Police said R Ganeshan of Saibaba Colony in the city was initially into real estate business and later turned a thief. He used to travel to Chennai and other parts of the state by various trains, booking tickets in AC coaches and general compartments. He stole the bags when passengers were in deep sleep. Since 2004, he has been involved in nine baggage thefts.\"His modus operandi was to become friendly with passengers. In this way he collected relevant information from them, stealing their bags and disembarking at the next station,\" said a source.Ganeshan lived a luxurious life in a bungalow at Saibaba Colony in the city. He owns a car and his three daughters are in colleges. He had told his family that he earned the stolen money from real estate business. He had managed to escape detection for the last seven years.According to sources, he lifted a bag which belonged to an IAS officer who kept his mobile phone inside the bag. The IAS officer lodged a complaint with Egmore railway police station. The accused used the mobile phone with a new SIM card. The police tracked the mobile with the help of IMEI number and arrested him on Tuesday night. \"We have arrested Ganeshan and seized 64 sovereigns of gold jewels from him,\" said inspector M Lawrence, Coimbatore railway police station.\"He confessed that he was living a luxorous life along with his family, telling friends and family that he made all his money from the real estate business,\" said Egmore railway DSP M Thillai Natarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170615", "title": "Policy paralysis may be here to stay", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign retailers were watching election results in UP as closely as most Indians were. After all they have been holding on to millions of dollars that they hoped to pump into the country to open multi-brand stores and back-end infrastructure.But the results have been a huge dampener for them as the fate of the freeze on the Cabinet decision allowing 51% foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, to a large extent, depended on what happens in the assembly polls.The Congress had hoped to notify the rules after the polls. But with voters giving thumbs down to Rahul Gandhi's idea of change, which included getting farmers in Farrukhabad better value for their potatoes, officials reckon that it will be status quo for the moment.Policy paralysis, which has been an oft-repeated criticism of UPA-II, seems to be here to stay, say officials involved with economic policymaking.\"Consensus would suggest the Congress will get more cautious; that is, effectively hand out more sops resulting in further fiscal slippages and move further away from reform - a mix that will be negative for the macro (economy)... we think the odds favour more defensive rather than offensive economic management from the government from here,\" Citibank told investors.Even allowing foreign airlines to acquire stake in Indian carriers may not come anytime soon.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12167871", "title": "Police step up vigil after seizure", "text": "RAIPUR: Several people are under the police scanner for operating a well-established network for the outlawed Communist Party of India-Maoist in the Chhattigarh capital, after the seizure of dozens of boxes loaded with material used mainly for making rockets launchers and mortars.A joint team of three states - Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal - were stunned Sunday night when they raided a godown of Pal Goods Transport in Raipur and seized 79 boxes of raw materials for making rocket launchers and mortars.\"The raid was carried out based on the vital information we got from a few senior Maoists held outside the state recently. When we were informed by West Bengal police that Maoists had a supply route of rocket launchers and mortars materials to the restive Bastar region from Kolkata via Raipur, I didn't believe it at first. But the information proved to be a hundred percent correct,\" a senior officer here at police headquarters, told. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169646", "title": "Khar suicide: Cops await husband\u2019s version", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nirmal Nagar police are yet to record the statement of Gurudutt Dhuri (35), who consumed poison after his wife Varsha (30) committed suicide at their Khar residence on Monday morning.\"Gurudutt is admitted in VN Desai Hospital and is critical. He has been unconscious since Monday morning,\" said a police officer. \"We have sent the bottle of poison obtained from the spot for clinical analysis.\"The police have recorded the statements of Varsha's parents, who live close to her residence at Jawahar Nagar, Khar (East). They told the cops they do not suspect foul play and do not have any complaints against their son-in-law.Gurudutt's parents have told the police the couple had dinner at home on Sunday night. Gurudutt then left to meet someone. When he returned around 5 am on Monday, he saw Varsha lying unconscious and took her to hospital. He came back to fetch the poison bottle when a doctor demanded it; it is not certain if he consumed the substance with the intention to commit suicide or taste it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169194", "title": "Jagan kin got 50 cr in just 1 year: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move to further link YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy to the Emaar scam, the CBI on Tuesday told the special court that Rs 50 crore had flowed into the firm of accused No. 2 N Sunil Reddy from different sources in 2009-10 alone. Opposing Sunil's bail plea, the CBI identified the firm as M/s South End Projects while maintaining that he was Jagan's close aide and his custody was required to establish the end recipient of the money .The agency said it zeroed in on the firm with the help of a bank, which it declined to identify. It also revealed that Sunil's annual income in 2004 was just Rs 2 lakh. CBI deputy legal advisor B Ravindranath said Sunil and Tummala Ranga Rao collected Rs 96 crore unofficially from buyers of villa plots and flats at the behest of another key accused Koneru Rajendra Prasad . \"We came across South End in which Sunil Reddy is a director while trying to locate the end user,\" he said.When special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma asked the CBI whether the agency had any evidence on Jagan's role as he has not been named anywhere, the CBI counsel said that they could not get any information as the accused, including Sunil, have not revealed anything during their custodial interrogation. \"If Sunil is really innocent, let him give us his consent for a narco test,\" the CBI counsel said. In response, the judge observed: \"If we get information only by torturing people and nothing through our investigation, then it raises questions about our ability to probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168455", "title": "Haldia Petro: State likely to stay put", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is likely to take a call against exiting Haldia Petrochemicals. It has been learnt that the state would soon take a policy decision in this regard.Now, state government holds 43% stake in HPL. There was a strong speculation that the state will exit HPL, which was further fuelled by the government's decision to value its stake in the company. Besides, TCG - the co-promoter of HPL - Reliance Industries and Indian Oil too were keen to buy government's stake in the company.Sources close to the development said that there were a couple of meetings in last one month among government officials and they primarily decided not to exit HPL. \"The state government will not exit the firm now. HPL is going through tough time and the government will not be leaving it in the lurch,\" sources in the government said.Financial analysts felt that it would be prudent for the government if it stayed away from exiting the company. \"The market is not in a good shape. The petrochemicals industry is going through a bad cycle and the firm is not doing well,\" an analyst said.According to sources, the state government is likely to nominate another director on HPL board. Now, the state has three nominees on HPL board. They are WBIDC MD Nandini Chakraborty, IT and industries secretary Basudeb Banerjee and resident commissioner of Bengal Bhaskar Khulbey. Full capacity of the HPL board is 15. Now, there are 13 members following the resignation of independent director Jamshyd Godrej. \"There are two vacant posts in the board and the state will nominate one director. For Godrej's post, there are three contenders - SBI, Indian Oil and Winstar Investment of TCG. If Godrej withdraws resignation, then only one government nominee will be inducted,\" added sources.Incidentally, TCG has four nominees on the board, including Purnendu Chatterjee. The lenders have five members. Now, TCG holds 44% in the company and IOC has 9.62% holding. There is dispute over 15.5 crore shares of HPL, which are in the custody of WBIDC. These shares were transferred to TCG and then pledged to WBIDC for Rs 140-crore loan. The loan was supposed to be paid back in instalments but after receiving Rs 38 crore, the previous government stopped accepting the payments from 2005 following litigation between two promoters. These shares constitute 9.7% stake of HPL and hold the key for TCG. If these were transferred to them then TCG would have got the majority with 53.5% holding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170111", "title": "Fresh incentives for colleges opposed", "text": "PUNE: Students and parents representatives have strongly opposed any move by the fee regulatory authority to extend a performance-linked incentive like 1% hike in the tuition fees for colleges with students who excel in tech fests or secure patents.At an open hearing before the Shikshan Shulka Samiti (fee regulatory authority) on the new fee policy for academic year (AY) 2012-13, these representatives maintained that there was no need to grant such an incentive as it was expected from the colleges to see that their students excel at various levels.The hearing for higher and technical education (H&TE;) institutions, which cover engineering, management, architecture, pharmacy and other professional courses, was held in Mumbai on Tuesday. Chairman of the fee panel, justice (retd) P S Patankar, presided over the session.The fee panel is already extending an additional increase of 3% in the tuition fees for colleges which have at least half of their academic courses assessed and accredited by professional rating bodies like the National Board of Accreditation (NBA). Similarly, there is a 5% additional increase in fees for colleges with all their courses accredited by the NBA.Milind Wagh of the Forum Against Commercialisation of Education (FACE) said, \"A suggestion was made at the hearing that the role of colleges in preparing students, who excel by way of securing patents for their research projects or bring laurels at tech fests, need to be acknowledged by granting a 1% additional increase in fees.\"Wagh said, \"The suggestion drew strong opposition from parents on the grounds that the same was not in their interest besides, it was the role of the colleges to ensure that their students excel.\"The Supreme Court has mandated the fee fixation panel to finalise the fees for professional institutions on the basis of cost of education incurred by the institutions. The fee is primarily derived from the overall cost incurred by the college divided by the number of students.A slew of issues ranging from the need to consider actual or sanctioned strength of students for calculation of fees to consideration for depreciation and interest on loans, interim hike and timely scrutiny of fee proposals were discussed at the hearing.P E Gaikwad, office secretary to the fee panel, told TOI, \"The parents, students as well as representatives of colleges have been asked to furnish their written suggestions on these issues to the panel within the next eight to 10 days. The same will be taken up at the panel's next meeting for finalisation of the fee norms.\"Members of the fee panel have said that the colleges, which extend a part of their building premises for other commercial use, should set off the income generated from the same against the cost of education.Representatives of institutions pointed out difficulties in securing timely reimbursement of fees by the state government for admissions to the socially and economically backward students.Similarly, they submitted that the depreciation on books, computers and machinery, among others, needs to be applied on the basis of norms preferred by the income tax department. The fee panel also needs to consider interest on loans charged by banks as cost of education, they said.Students and parents representatives opposed these suggestions while maintaining that the fee fixation norms ought to be finalised keeping the students' interest as the top priority. They also suggested that the colleges post the full text of their fee proposals, submitted to the samiti, on their websites.Panel members Rupa Shah, A S Bhat, chartered accountant Lopesh Vasava and representatives of prominent institutions from Pune, Mumbai, Nashik and other places were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168851", "title": "Tollywood channel Chitraseema to go on air soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu film industry which is among the top film producers in the country is set to have its own television channel soon. What is unique about this channel is that it will be not be in the hands of a single owner, instead a cooperative venture. \"Those who belong to film industry will have a share in it. Practically it is everybody's channel,\" A P Film Chamber of Commerce president D Suresh Babu told TOI.Work on the 'Chitraseema' channel has already begun and in perhaps a month or so, the channel would go on air, provided everything falls in place. An exclusive channel of the Telugu film industry will mean a lot to the industry itself. As of now publicity of a film is done through several channels. This could be in the form of paid publicity or through special programmes, interviews or promotional events. Audio releases of new films are also telecast live. Once a new channel becomes a reality, film producers will be able to chalk out their own publicity to reap in maximum benefit.Being a cooperative venture, the film chamber would perhaps have some rules and regulations in place so that artists put in an appearance on the channel. The Telugu film industry is one of the leading producers of films in the country, next only to Tamil and Hindi films. In fact, for several years Tollywood remained the top producer of films in the country. The 'cooperative channel' is a unique idea in the country as no other film industry has thought of it. \"The success achieved by 'Amul' cooperative experiment has showed us the way. If Amul could achieve so much success why not a Tollywood channel we thought,\" Suresh Babu said.It may be mentioned here that the Telugu film industry, despite of internal bickerings that come to the fore occasionally, has a mechanism in place. While the A P Film Chamber of Commerce is the umbrella body, there are other bodies like the Movie Artistes Association (MAA), the Telugu Film Producers Council (TFPC), and the Telugu Film Directors Association which function in coordination with each other. The film chamber itself has as its members from the distributors sector, the exhibitors sector and also producers.With people from every sector contributing and having a share in the running of the exclusive film channel, movie buffs can hope for additional entertainment from the film industry on the small screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jewar", "code": "12169163", "title": "Rahul Gandhi's magic fails in Jewar as caste scores over class", "text": "JEWAR: The traditional BSP stronghold of Jewar hit the headlines when Rahul Gandhi visited the area between May and July last year after clashes between the district administration and farmers over land acquisition. Since then, most believed that the seat held by BSP would be lost to the Congress. However, the poll results show that the Bhatta-Parsaul land row, that formed the launching pad for the Congress' UP poll campaign, did not yield the desired result for the party. Despite the dissent voiced against BSP supremo Mayawati across Jewar in the recent past, the party won the seat with a margin of 9,550 votes.The Congress trailed second and Rahul's forays did not translate into electoral advantage. Most voters, as well as Jewar candidates, say that the caste factor proved to be decisive in the outcome.The Jewar assembly seat, comprising of Jewar and Dankaur blocks, is dominated by two powerful caste groups -Gujjars and Thakurs. Voters say that as there were \"four Thakur candidates in the fray this time, it created a major dent in the Congress' share of votes.\"Of the total 2.5 lakh voters in Jewar, there are about 55,000 Thakurs, 53,000 Gujjars, 20,000 Brahmins and Jats each, and 40,000 Muslims. The rest of the voters comprise mainly of Valmikis and Jatavs.\"While the results at the state level indicate that the class factor challenged caste and religion this time in the rest of the state, in Jewar caste equations played supreme,\" said Om Veer Singh, the village head of Bhatta. \"The Gujjar's stayed loyal to their caste and supported BSP's Vedram Bhati. Besides, four Thakur candidates, including the Congress party's Dhirendra Singh, contested from the seat. That might have further cost the Congress,\" he added.\"Rahul Gandhi certainly won hearts in Bhatta and Parsaul and other villages in the Dankaur block, but those in the rest of Jewar probably felt that we received crores worth of compensation money for our land, bought cars and married off our daughters. And when it was their turn to get the money, we initiated the land agitation,\" said Asharam Sharma, another resident of Bhatta village.The poll results in Bhatta and Parsaul, though, further suggest that other than Rahul Gandhi's charm the Congress found little appeal among voters. For, out of the 446 votes cast in Bhatta village, the Congress claimed only 176, while the BSP grossed 212.Jailed farmer leader and Janata Dal (United) candidate from Jewar, Manveer Tewatia, too failed to make a mark in the constituency and bagged about 1,700 votes.Besides the role of caste equations, voters attributed a score of other reasons like the \"absence of strong regional leaders to the lack of influential candidates\" behind the Congress' loss and BSP's victory in the constituency. The victorious BSP candidate, Ved Ram Bhati, summed up the results as a \"vindication of the party's commitment to development.\" \"Despite Rahul Gandhi's antics, the voters proved their loyalty to BSP,\" Bhati said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170759", "title": "Congress left tottering after battering", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Tuesday tragedy, Congress seems to have entered a phase of decline after the upswing since the Lok Sabha win in 2009.The abysmal show in UP, Goa, and Punjab and no outright win in Uttarakhand is a poor report card in the polls it was expected to sweep. The assembly polls were tailor-made for Congress to retrieve its bounce after facing the debilitating anti-graft campaigns that have led to policy paralysis at the Centre. BJP was faced with incumbency in two states while the resentment against Mayawati promised it easy pickings in UP. Little came its way, with Ibobi Singh emerging the face-saver in Manipur.Interestingly, while the UP campaign in-charge Digvijaya Singh expressed surprise, a resounding defeat had looked certain to many in the party since the leaders in the state decided to get adventurous on issues like Batla House 'encounter', Muslim quota etc, putting off potential supporters, particularly among the upper caste voters. Although the final tally dropped below even the \"worst-case estimates\", Congress had appeared bracing for a setback in UP and had been engaged in \"expectation management\", hoping that wins in Punjab and Uttarkhand would enable them to spin even a minor improvement in the key state into a victory.The disappointment on Tuesday leaves Congress with tough battles like Gujarat later this year. The party has struggled against Narendra Modi and Tuesday's defeats could only demoralize the workers in Gujarat. It would be followed by polls in MP, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan and Delhi that could be tricky ahead of 2014 polls. The mood would be sour if the party has to make a big compromise during the Presidential elections.The road to 2014 could be risky if Congress is planning to project Rahul Gandhi as its PM candidate. The results suggest a burgeoning indifference or anger against Congress in urban areas which, if part of a pattern, can cost the party dearly in LS polls. After all, the party swept urban India in 2009.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12169903", "title": "Adventure car rally at Kuttikkanam", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Kuttikkanam, a sleepy town situated 70km from Kottayam among lush green tea plantations, will play host to the second edition of the only competitive adventure motor rally in the state, Road and Track Great Mountain Challenge. Over 50 participants will vie for top honours in the two-day event, which begins on Friday. The rally will be held inside a private tea plantation, Tyford Tea Estate, and is being organized by KTM Jeepers, a club formed by a group of youngsters.Javeen Mathew, hailing from Kottayam, who had taken part in the first edition of the rally, said that was a unique experience. \"Nowhere else in India one can find the variety of terrain we have here. There is graveled flat road for speeding, slushy area, water filled tracks and steep rock climbs\", said Javeen, who takes part in the rally along with his wife Anu. There are a couple of other husband-wife teams too, making the driver-navigator combo.\"The interesting aspect of the race is that families are involved. Anyone with a 4x4 can take part in the rally here,\" said Sam Kurien, the organizer of the event. \"This is a team event, with each team using two vehicles. There are two stages. In the first stage the teams will be tested for adventure and special stage drive. The special stage includes driving through slush, rock and water\", he said. On day two, speed will be the crucial factor. This time more than 40 teams are participating from outside the state, including teams from Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad.The organizers will also plant trees in barren areas of the estate, to enhance the beauty of the place in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168514", "title": "Man strangles lover, slits his neck in attempted cover-up", "text": "CHENNAI: The police are set to arrest a 28-year-old man who killed his lover in West Mambalam on Monday night and then cut his neck with a knife in a botched attempt to cover up the crime.Investigators said Sakthivel, a mason, killed Lakshmi by strangling her with a towel. Lakshmi, a married woman with two children, had deserted her family in Andhra Pradesh to come to Chennai with Sakthivel only three days before she was killed.Sakthivel told police that he was a mason from Coimbatore. \"He fell in love with Lakshmi while working on a construction site in Andhra Pradesh,\" said assistant commissioner of police G Tamil Selvan. \"They came to Chennai and he found a job in a building under construction.\"The couple lived in a room in the half-completed building. \"On Monday night they had an argument,\" Tamil Selvan said. \"Sakthivel grabbed a towel and strangled Lakshmi in a fit of rage.\"When he realized that Lakshmi was dead, Sakthivel panicked and decided to make it look like the couple had been attacked by intruders. \"He took a knife and cut his neck till he reached the windpipe. He then called the construction company owner Kalyana Chakravarthy and told him that three persons had attacked him and murdered Lakshmi,\" the ACP said.When Chakravarthy arrived at the site, he found that the room the couple was living in had been covered for privacy with two large pieces of cloth. He ripped open the screen, found Lakshmi's body and alerted West Mambalam police. Sakthivel was sent to a hospital for treatment.\"There was no sign of forced entry except for the screen that Chakravarthy said he had torn,\" ACP Tamil Selvan said. \"The rest of the room was orderly so it did not appear that armed intruders were responsible for the crime.\"The ACP then used a ruse while interrogating Sakthivel, telling him that his fingerprints matched those found on Lakshmi's neck. \"Sakthivel claimed that the intruders forced his hands around Lakshmi's neck and made him strangle her,\" said Tamil Selvan.When the police pressed Sakthivel further, he confessed to the crime. \"We will arrest him after he is discharged from hospital,\" Tamil Selvan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169461", "title": "CBI chargesheet implicates 15 in Gopalgarh violence", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly five months after clashes claimed 10 lives in Gopalgarh, the CBI filed its chargesheet naming people, including those from Meo Muslim and Gujjar communities.The agency filed its chargesheet at the special CBI court of Mahendra Singhal on Monday afternoon. The agency has not implicated any police officer, officers of Bharatpur district administration or any public representative so far. The CBI said in its chargesheet that it has left investigations pending under Section 173(8) of CrPC against unidentified persons who too were involved in the case.Later, the court asked the investigating officer of the CBI to appear in the court on March 13 along with all the arrested accused.As per the chargesheet, 15 people belonging to Gopalgarh, Pahari and nearby villages have been charged under Section 302 (murder), 307(attempt to murder), alongside Section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging of his duties) of IPC since an angry mob on September, 14, 2011 had attacked the police.The CBI has also charged the accused with Section 435 of IPC (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) as many people had complained of damages to their agricultural produce.In the chargesheet, Section 402 of IPC (assembling for the purpose of committing dacoity) was also added since many people complained that their shops were looted by armed persons. Other sections under which the accused were booked included Section 201(Causing disappearance of evidence of offence, or giving false information to screen offender), Section 295 (Injuring or defiling place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class), and Section 149 (every member of unlawful assembly guilty of offence committed in pursuance of common object) of IPC.Ten persons belonging to Meo Muslim community were killed in clashes and police firing at Gopalgarh when two communities entered into a violent confrontation over a dispute on a piece of land on September 14. Gopalgarh police had registered nearly 20 FIRs implicating even public representatives in the aftermath the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kaiga", "code": "12173081", "title": "Rare bird spotted at Kaiga", "text": "KAIGA: Bird watchers have sighted a gray-headed lapwing ( Vanellus Cinereus), which normally breeds in North East China and Japan during the Kaiga Bird Marathon - 2012 held at Kaiga recently. This sighting is said to be the first in the north Karnataka region.As many as 152 species of birds were identified during the marathon, nine more than what was identified during Kaiga Bird Marathon held in February last year.Besides this, the birders also spotted birds endemic to this region like laughing dove (Stigmatopelia Senegalensis), Indian silver bill (Euodice Malabarica), jungle owlet (Glaucidium Radiatum), white rumped shama (Copsychus Malabaricus), white bellied sea eagle (Haliaeetus Leucogaster), malabar pied hornbill (Anthracoceros Coronatus) and winter migrants like forest wagtail (Dendronanthus indicus),osprey (Pandion haliaetu) and brown shrike (Lanius cristatus).The bird watchers from North Karnataka Birders Network and students from Forestry College, Sirsi also took part in the marathon. The results of the study would be helpful to better conservation of birds, to understand the population of migratory and resident birds and ultimately to create awareness among the local population to protect nature, said Kaiga authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12169221", "title": "Too much is too much: Salcete ditches Congress", "text": "MARGAO: The Catholic-dominated Salcete constituency, which had so far been a bastion of the Congress, propelling the party to the treasury benches every election, has now shunned its loyalty. Of the eight seats in which the Congress fielded its candidates, only two managed to sail trough-Curtorim MLA Alex Reginaldo Lourenco and chief minister Digambar Kamat from Margao-while four Salcete heavyweights had to bite the dust.This was in stark contrast to the 2007 elections where the Congress and its allies (Save Goa Front, which won two seats and later merged with the Congress) had won 7 seats. The lone Fatorda seat which had gone to the BJP in the last polls has now been won by independent candidate Vijai Sardesai.In Navelim, Avertano Furtado, backed by the BJP, trounced PWD minister Churchill Alemao by 2,145 votes, while his younger brother, urban development minister Joaquim Alemao was defeated by a new face fielded by the BJP, Subhash \"Rajan\" Naik by a margin of 1,313 votes. Power minister Aleixo Sequiera who was elected from the erstwhile Loutolim constituency, was defeated by Benaulim MLA Francisco \"Mickky\" Pacheco in Nuvem by 4196 votes. Forest minister Filipe Neri Rodrigues too had to taste defeat, at the hands of new-comer Benjamin Silva.Commenting on the development, political analyst Prabhakar Timble said that the \"Congress high command has written the party's own obituary\".\"The results show that the minorities (Catholics) have given clear signals that what matters most to them is Mission Goa-to save Goa and its identity. The social action wing of the Church is concerned about not just corruption but also about preserving the identity of Goa and saving it. It definitely doesn't want Goa to go into the hands of a few greedy politicians,\" Timble said.The former state election commissioner, however, fails to view the mandate to mean that the people from Salcete have turned anti-Congress. \"If the BJP thinks it is an anti-Congress vote then they are getting a wrong message. What the results suggest is that the people have voted against family raj, which was very visible, and against the conduct of over-greedy politicians, as they felt it had to be stopped. The BJP was looked upon as an enemy by the minorities and never considered it as a friend. By aligning with the enemy (the BJP), the minorities are seeking to rescue and reform political friend (Congress),\" Timble explained.Former Margao MLA Uday Bhembre is of the opinion that Salcete exercised its franchise by looking beyond religion and caste. \"The issues concerning the state and concerns about state's administration were uppermost in the minds of Salcete people when they came out to vote. There has been a big change in the minds of the Catholics, the results of which can also be seen in Bardez. Signficantly, all the Catholic candidates fielded by the BJP got elected,\" Bhembre said.Timble, however, warns of any complacency by the voters. \"The electorate has given a clear majority to the BJP. However, the challenge before the Goans now is to see to it that the BJP government, in the name of development, corruption-free administration, cleanliness, patriotism, etc, does not become dictatorial. We will have to see to it that the BJP not only gives good governance but a democratic and secular government,\" Timble said.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12167994", "title": "Street art festival in city from Mar 9 to 11", "text": "NAGPUR: There is a certain romance about watching a street artist perform, be it painting, playing an instrument, singing or doing a jig. And there are nearly 25 city artists all set to do just this from to March 9 to 11, but the difference is that they would not be passing a hat around at the end of the show.Lenses &amp; Easels, a young club of budding artists, has organised this event - titled Named 'Canvassing Street Art', -- in association with South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC). The entire footpath adjacent to the SCZCC premises at Civil Lines is being covered to provide space to painters, photographers and sculptors, who would be indulging themselves and also exhibiting their works.The three-day festival will be held from 9 am to 9 pm. Demonstrations by different artists would be held between 2pm -5pm and the performances like rock bands and street theatre would happen after 6 pm against the backdrop of the mural.Though being held in the city for the first time, the festival is cloned after the Kala Ghoda festival in Mumbai and many similar ones that take place in Europe and the US.Rohit Sharma, the force behind this event, says, \"These three days promise to be a complete treat for art lovers with so many artists, painters, sculptors, and potters, photographers displaying their art and performing live. Demos from renowned artists of the city, rock bands, live music, fusion dance, jive, street plays and installations and an array of other exciting arty activities will provide a never-before experience to Nagpurians.\"Sharma says that Lenses &amp; Easels was formed as the artists felt that there was a need to get in touch with people with same passion for art.SCZCC director Ravinder Singal said that such an activity would broaden the viewer base for such events as one just has to pause and watch. Overriding all traffic concerns, he says, \"We are undertaking this activity on a trial basis. Previously too, we had a small event when the mural was done. I think the footpath provides sufficient space for exhibiting and demonstration of art, photography and pottery.\"But if there is a big crowd for the performance of street play or musical shows, I will shift these events inside the Centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169835", "title": "Hi-tech ambulance plan gets HC nod", "text": "MUMBAI: Decks have been cleared for Maharashtra's ambitious plans to set up a network of state-of-the-art ambulances, with the Bombay High Court refusing to grant an interim stay on the state's plans to finalize tenders for the scheme.Hearing a petition filed by Ziqitza healthcare, who was disqualified from bidding, a division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice R D Dhanuka asked the state to file its reply by March 15. Assistant government pleader Niranjan Pandit told the HC that Ziqitza was disqualified in the first round of the tender process as they did not fulfill the technical criteria.The state had invited tenders to develop and operate the \" Maharashtra Emergency Medical Services\" (MEMS) project. The scheme envisages a fleet of 937 state-of-the-art life support ambulances, including 235 with advanced life support systems. The bids were opened on October 10, 2011, and Ziqitza, which runs such services in Rajasthan and Kerala, was informed that they were disqualified. The court said that the state was free to go ahead and finalize the tenders, but observed that it would be subject to the final outcome of the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167688", "title": "BMC slaps notice on 200 residents of Arera Colony", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Tuesday served notices on more than 200 residences and their owners in Arera colony (E-1 to E-7 locality) for carrying out commercial activities in residential colony without permission.The issue came to the fore after a resident of Arera colony, a retired government official, S S Agarwal filed a petition in the High Court with regards to commercial activities being carried out from the residences in Arera colony.The high court issued an order directing the civic body to stop commercial activities in Arera colony and file a status report on the same by April 9.Following the high court orders, the BMC carried out a survey marking the residential areas and properties from where commercial activities were run. After the survey the corporation shortlisted about 200 houses and issued notices to the property owners.\"We have issued notices to more than 200 residents of Arera Colony who are carrying out commercial activities without permission in the residential areas,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.When questioned about corporation's next step, the commissioner said, \"The high court asked the BMC to file a status report on which the court will issue its order. We will wait for further directives from the high court before taking any further action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169375", "title": "UP poll fever takes away Holi zing from Sadar Bazaar traders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ten-year-old Anush is thrilled at the variety of water guns on display at various shops in Sadar Bazaar. As he enters a shop, he looks around excitedly trying to decide which one to buy. \"There is so much to choose from. I just can't make up my mind,\" he says.And he really can't be blamed. From colour capsules to water guns shaped like flutes, bazookas and even Shera (the 2010 Commonwealth Games mascot), the market is awash with Holi toys and products.\"Most of the water guns have been brought from China. The colours, however, have been made in Uttar Pradesh,\" says Azeem Ul Shah Ansari, a trader.Traders, however, say the fancy display and diverse range has not translated into profits so far. They complain their sales have been low, coming down by 20% to 25% this year.\"There is a lot of stock in the market, but hardly any takers,\" says Haji Allaudin Ansari, another trader.The price of water guns has also gone up by 25% this year. \"The pichkaaris are imported from China where trading happens in dollar.\"The dollar has been running strong in comparison to the rupee. Thus the prices have gone up,\" said Gaurav Jaiswal, a shopkeeper.Most traders feel the elections in UP and not the price hike is to be blamed for poor sales. \"Usually, we get bulk orders for water guns from residents and traders in Ghaziabad, Noida and other such areas in UP close to the capital. But this year because of elections those buyers haven't placed any orders,\" said Raja, a shopkeeper.\"On the other hand, despite the increase in prices the percentage of customers from Delhi hasn't changed.\"Here most sales usually happen in the last couple of days,\" said Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12169878", "title": "Coal India medical meet", "text": "RANCHI: Eminent doctors from all over the country, including Devi Shetty and Brigadier V K Sinha of Army Hospital, will share their experiences on latest advancements in the field of medicine and surgery with doctors from various coal mining companies here at a three day conference beginning on Saturday.Coal India Medical Conference (Cimecon)- 2012 will be inaugurated by personnel director of the Coal India Limited (CIL) R Mohandas and chairman-cum-managing director of Central Coalfields Limited Gopal Singh.However, technical session of the conference will be inaugurated by Shetty, who is also the chairman of Narayan Hrudayalaya Hospital, the same day. He will also deliver a lecture on innovation in healthcare development system.Organizing secretary of the conference R R Sinha said around 260 doctors from eight subsidiary companies of the CIL would take part in Cimecon. \"The participants will also present 35 research papers at the conference and based on the quality they will be rewarded,\" he said. tnn\"The best aspect of the conference will be that the experts will examine and also operate patients during the meet and show the participating doctors who to handle complicated surgeries,\" added Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12170041", "title": "Nine women awarded for enterprising abilities", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine outstanding women from different walks of life received the 'Women in the Driving Seat' awards during the Lavasa Women's Drive award night in Mumbai on Sunday. The awards recognized their skills, determination, and enterprising abilities in their respective vocations.This year, while applauding all the women drivers for their triumphs in LWD, held on February 26, LWD also saluted those women who've been in the driving seats of their lives, and have steered themselves to pinnacles of success on roads seldom travelled by women.Actor Vidya Balan was the highlight of the evening as she received an award from actor Anil Kapoor for her exemplary contribution to the field of cinema. Vidya dedicated her award to all participants of the drive.The LWD award night started with Kunal Khemu handing over the awards. Ali Zafar presented the awards to the top three winners from Mumbai and Pune. Sophie Chaudhary enthralled the audience with her performance, while Meiyang Chang, host for the night, kept the audience engrossed with his witty comments.The top three winners from Pune are driver-navigator pairs of Amolika Tikekar and Lisa Tikekar, Kiran Mehta and Archana Meher and Preeti Mital and Shweta Shukla. Amrita Kapoor and Priya Karia won the award for the best dressed car, while the award for the best message car was bagged by Amolika Tikekar and Lisa Tikekar.Anuradha Paraskar, senior vice president, marketing and sales, Lavasa Corporation Limited, stated: \"We are happy to present yet another milestone under the aegis of LWD 'women in the driving seat' awards. These awards have honoured and saluted women from all walks of life. We congratulate each of them and hope that we take this award to bigger heights.\"The maiden 'Women in the Driving Seat' awards are presented to nine outstanding women who excelled in their respective fields. These women overcame all barriers and challenges. The winners are: Tina Tahiliani (fashion), Shaheen Mistry (education), Firuza Parekh (healthcare), Abha Narain Lambah (community development), Swati Piramal (corporate), Ekta Kapoor (television), Vidya Balan (cinema), Neela Satyanarayan (administration) and Devieka Bhojwani (cancer awareness).The vision for Lavasa Women's Drive always has been to make it an evolving and expanding platform for women from all walks of life to come together. It also aims to create an experience with such far-reaching outcomes that each woman touches the life of every other through their energy, passion, pledges, and support to the cause of women cancer awareness (this year the focus was cervical cancer ) and several other causes.This year onwards, Lavasa Women's Drive is no more only an all-women car drive. It's about the 'drive' in the women. Drive, to excel, to create something new, to shatter the glass ceilings, to be the greatest mom in the world, to travel unbeaten paths and to be the best of all she is.LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the Associate Sponsor. MAK Lubricants, JMD Auto and Grabthebrand.com are the co-sponsors. Dove is hair care partner. Viira Cabs and Bank of India are other sponsors.This drive is supported by Women's Cancer Initiative, Tata Memorial Hospital, and conducted by WIAA. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170308", "title": "SP fails to make dent in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: While the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) succeeded in saving its castle and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) improved its performance in the district, the Samajwadi Party (SP) proved to be a loser as it could win only one assembly seat. Two assembly seats were won by Congress and Apna Dal each.The BJP not only succeeded in retaining the Cantonment and City South assembly areas but also ensured victory in City North constituency. Shyamdeo Roy Chaudhury won the City South for seventh consecutive time by defeating Daya Shankar Mishra Dayalu of Congress. Jyotsana Srivastava of BJP also succeeded in retaining Cantonment assembly seat. She defeated Anil Srivastava of Congress by a margin of 12,801 votes. The SP and BSP candidates stood at third and fourth positions respectively.A neck-and-neck contest was visible till last round of counting in City North where Ravindra Jaiswal of BJP defeated Sujit Maurya of BSP by a margin of 2,282 votes. Similar contest was also visible at Pindra assembly area where Ajay Rai of Congress had to struggle hard till 10th round of counting to take lead over AD candidate Sunil Patel. But, after few rounds J P Mishra of BSP started posing strong challenge before him. But, finally he emerged as only Congress candidate to win a seat for party by a margin of 8,897 votes.The Ajgara (SC) and neighbouring Shivpur assembly constituency were won by the BSP candidates. T Ram of BSP defeated Lalji Sonekar of SP by a very narrow margin of 1,966 votes at Ajgara seat. T Ram had taken lead from the first round of counting which remained maintained till the last round. Another BSP candidate Udaylal Maurya had to face tough contest from SP, BSP and also Congress to win from Shivpur assembly area.The SP candidate Surendra Patel ensured his victory with a huge margin of 19,878. He defeated Neelratan Patel Neelu of AD while BSP and Congress stood at third and fourth places respectively. The AD ensured its first victory in this district when party's general secretary Anupriya Patel defeated BSP candidate by a huge margin.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168056", "title": "For 9.92 lakh women, only 131 public urinals!", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of shortage of toilets for women in the city, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Tuesday directed Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to file a detailed reply on this issue within two weeks.A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale was hearing a PIL filed by NGO Sahyog Trust that brought to the fore shortage of public toilets for women.Petitioner Ravindra Bhusari, trustee of NGO, contended that the number of toilets for women is miserably short in comparison with their population.Citing statistics, he claimed that over 9.92 lakh women reside in NMC's jurisdiction but only 131 public urinals are available for them. Smita Sarode Singalkar who pleaded for petitioner demanded that the civic body should acquire necessary land to construct new toilets. She argued that the issue is directly connected to 'right to health' and 'right to live' of all individuals.A PIL on similar grounds is filed in Bombay High Court's principal bench in Mumbai by Pune-based firm Litigants Association in Maharashtra. This petition by octogenarian Bhalchandra Joshi pointed out the plight of lakhs of litigants who thronged various courts across Maharashtra, but failed to get the basic facility of toilet.Highlighting problems faced by many women judges related to sanitation, who are reluctant to speak up, the petitioner demanded to constitute a separate panel comprising representatives of judges association, bar council, litigants and judicial employees association to look into the norms of non-legal administrative work.The petitioner cited information collected from all courts in Maharashtra stating they found similar conditions everywhere while situation is worst in districts like Nagpur, Kolhapur, Sangli, Solapur, Jalgaon, Akola and Yavatmal. He prayed for direction to the respondents to draft a policy and action plan for better sanitation infrastructure at all the courts of state along with specific budgetary provision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ayodhya", "code": "12169469", "title": "SP wrests Ayodhya from saffron brigade", "text": "AYODHYA: In a shocking defeat, the Bharatiya Janata Party lost its impregnable fortress of Ayodhya to the Samjawadi Party after holding it for 21 years.BJP's Lallu Singh had been winning this seat since 1991. But this time he has lost to SP candidate Tej Narain Pandey, a young student leader half the age of Singh.Pandey defeated Lallu Singh by a margin of 5,700 votes. When counting started on Tuesday morning, Lallu Singh took lead from urban and posh areas of Faizabad and Ayodhya, but his lead decreased continuously as the counting went through Muslim dominated areas.SP state president Akhilesh Yadav had visited Ayodhya many times to establish a direct contact with the voters and promising reservation for the minority community. During half a dozen public meetings in Faizabad, he promised the implementation of Sachar and Mishra Commission reports.Reacting to his victory, Tej Narain Pandey said, \"Now common man doesn't believe in false politics of temple issue; instead everybody wants development and good governance.\"Social worker Captain Afzal Khan said, \"Muslims have forgiven Mulayam Singh Yadav for past mistakes and now we expect a development package from him for the community.\"  Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12169902", "title": "City records 39.6 degree Celsius, highest in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It's only the first week of March, and the Odisha capital on Tuesday recorded the state's highest temperature at 39.6 degree Celsius. Moral of the story: there are tough days ahead.Last year, the highest March temperature recorded in Bhubaneswar was 38.6 degree Celsius. It getting already surpassed in the first week of the month has stoked speculations about an extremely hot summer this year.Titlagarh in Balangir district, considered to be one of the states' hottest pockets, on Tuesday recorded the state's second highest temperature at 39.0 degree Celsius, the same as the district headquarters town of Baripada in north Odisha. Other places with high temperature included Sonepur (38.6 C), Angul (38.5 C), Malkangiri (38.2 C) and Cuttack (37.6 C).\"The south westerly strong wind from north Karnatak and Telengana regions has caused the rise in day temperature in some parts of the state on Tuesday. However the temperature trend in the state will change within 24 hours with change in wind pattern,\" said S C Sahu, director of the local meteorological centre.The state government, meanwhile, as a part of its preparations to tackle the soaring mercury, has already issued instructions to district collectors to take all possible steps for mitigating the effects of heat wave. The government has also issued routine directions to concerned departments for taking steps like restricting work hours of labourers and plying of buses during peak hours, rescheduling of schools and examination timings depending on rise in temperature and ensuring uninterrupted supply of power during summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168543", "title": "Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike to intensify hookah joint raids", "text": "BANGALORE: Following Monday's raid on a hookah-cum-snooker bar on Residency Road, the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) is now planning similar raids on joints serving hookah in the city.Civic officials said that those caught more than once for serving hookah might be sent to jail too. The officials said they have been receiving tip-offs on hookah joints operating in the city.\"We have learned that in spite of the government orders banning consumption of hookah in public places, many joints are providing hookah. Most of them think it is something they can get away with or does not draw serious punishment,\" said an official.Youngsters in the city, too, have claimed that they do get their daily dose of hookah in many joints in the city. One of them, who didn't want to be named, said he consumes hookah at a nightclub in the city.\"I don't think these raids can make any difference. We still get hookah not only in this night bar but also at some restaurants on MG Road and Church Street,\" he said.Savitha SK, deputy health officer, said that places serving hookah will have to face serious repercussions if they are caught. \"If any pub and restaurant is caught violating the hookah ban more than once, we have a provision to send them to jail as well,\" said Savitha.Smokers on roads will pay the priceBBMP officials have said that checks on public smoking are on the anvil too. \"For those who have any doubts, road is a public place. Smoking in public places, including roads, is banned by law,\" Savitha SK, deputy health officer, BBMP, reminded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168361", "title": "UP result a lesson to all: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has blamed the \"disintegration of the alliance\" for the defeat of JD-U which lost all the 200-odd seats it contested in UP. \"The UP election result is a lesson to all the parties, Congress as well as others,\" he told newsmen on Tuesday.Stressing on a broader and larger coalition, Kumar said the ground realities should be taken care of while joining any poll fray.\"We have an alliance in Bihar in view of the ground realities and social equations,\" he said and added, without naming the BJP, a coalition was dismantled in UP. The JD-U and BJP have an alliance government in Bihar. However, the two parties fought the UP election without alliance as the saffron party rejected the claims of JD-U.The CM stumped in some constituencies, mostly those on the borders with Bihar while a number of other party leaders camped in different constituencies. In the last UP election, JD-U had won two seats. Meanwhile, leader of opposition in Bihar assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui said Nitish fielded his party's candidates in UP with a view to dividing secular votes and helping the BJP. However, the voters understood the design and rejected both the JD-U and BJP, the RJD leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173411", "title": "Vidya Balan wins National Award for 'The Dirty Picture'", "text": "Another reason for Vidya Balan to be happy as the actress has bagged the National Award in the Best Actress category for her performance in The Dirty Picture.The official announcement of the awards happened on March 7 in the capital.Her performance as the south sex symbol Silk Smitha in The Dirty Picture, directed by Milan Luthriya, has already received rave reviews from both critics and viewers.Vidya, who is busy in promoting her upcoming movie 'Kahaani', has won many prestigious awards earlier for R Balki's Paa and Vishal Bhadrwaj's Ishqiya.This happens to be the hat-trick success for Vidya Balan.Director Onir's \"I AM\" was declared the best Hindi film at the 59th National Awards announced here Wednesday, while Amitabh Bhattacharya won the best lyrics award for the song \"Agar Zindagi\" in the film.Shah Rukh Khan's superhero film \"RA.One\" was named for best special effects at the the 59th National Awards. Harry Hingorani and Keitan Yadav won the award for their work in \"RA.One\".Here's the detailed winners' list of National Awards 2012Best Hindi Film: I Am Best Feature Film: Deool and Pyaari Best Bengali Film: Ranjana Ami Aar Ashbona Best Children's Film: Chillar Party Best Actor: Girish Kulkarni for Deool Best Actress: Vidya Balan, The Dirty Picture Best Supporting Actor: Appu Kutty Best Choreography: Bosco-Caeser for Senorita from Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara National Award: Special jury award for Anjan Dutta Best Editing: Praveen KL For Aranyaa Kandam Best Special Effects: RA.One Best Make Up: Vijram Gaekwad for The Dirty Picture and Bal Gandharva Best Costume Designer: Niharika Khan for The Dirty Picture and Neeta Lulla for Bal Gandharva Best Female Playback Singer: Rupa Ganguly Best Male Playback Singer: Anand Bhate for Bal Gandharva Special Mention: Director Shari (Adi Madhyantam-Malayalam Film) and Mallika for Byari Film Best Debut Film by a director: Aranya Kaandam (Tamil) Best Lyrics: Amitabh Bhattacharya (I Am) Best Child Artiste: Partho Gupte (Stanley Ka Dabba) / Cast of Chillar Party Best Male Playback Singer: Mohit Chauhan (Rockstar) Best Screenplay Original: Vikal Behl/Nitesh Tiwari ( Chillar Party) Best Sound Design: Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12168154", "title": "NDFB-P wants 1951 as cut-off year for detection of foreigners", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Militant outfit National Democratic Front of Boroland (Progressive) has demanded that the cut-off year for detection and deportation of foreigners should be 1951 and not 1971 as demanded by the All Assam Students' Union (Aasu). NDFB(P) said that having 1971 as the cut-off year would deny the indigenous tribal people of the state from their land rights as per the Assam Land and Revenue Regulation Act (amended in 1947).A four-member delegation of the NDFB(P), led by general secretary Gobinda Basumatary and comprising home secretary M Gerema, publicity secretary S Sanjarang and education secretary I Damini, called on Uniom home minister P Chidambaram in New Delhi on Saturday last and submitted a memorandum demanding settlement of the core issues of the outfit.In the memorandum, they said the cut-off date of 15 August, 1971 for deportation of foreigners from the state, as per the Assam Accord signed in 1985, has no constitutional validity and added this cut-off date would deny the indigenous tribal people of their land rights. They appealed to the government of India to reconsider 1951 as the cut-off year for detection and deportation of foreign nationals staying here illegally. The outfit also welcomed the government's move to update the National Register of Citizens (NRC).The rebel group raised a demand for creation of a Bodoland Regiment in the Army in which indigenous Bodos and other tribal people could be absorbed. They also want a separate Bodoland High Court to be set up for administration of civil and criminal justice. Their other demands include protection of tribal belts and blocks and making them free from systematic and forceful occupation by others; they also want consolidation of contiguous tribal areas, tribal belts and blocks and tribal sub-plan areas of the north bank of the Brahmaputra in the Bodoland state.The NDFB(P) demanded that the rules embodied in the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 should remain in force in Bodoland so that the illegal influx of foreign nationals and encroachers can be checked. Apart from this, the outfit asked the Centre to upgrade the non-territorial autonomous councils - Rabha Hasong Autonomous Council, Tiwa Autonomous council, Mishing Autonomous council, Sonowal Autonomous Council, Thengal Kachari Autonomous Council and Deuri Autonomous Council - under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Another prime demand is the inclusion of the Bodos living in Karbi Anglong in the ST(H) list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169076", "title": "BSP wins Jewar; RLD bags Khair", "text": "LUCKNOW: The victory of BSP candidate Vedram Bhati in Jewar constituency of Gautam Budh Nagar indicates that votes were polled on the development plank in the region. Analysts attribute this to three factors -- constituency's proximity to the National Capital Region; voters already reaping fruits of development, and supporters of Behenji outnumbering those who clamoured on their land being acquired by the state government.Though forcible land acquisition is still a raging issue in the twin villages of Bhatta-Parsaul, in Jewar block of Gautam Budh Nagar farmers did not go by it entirely to decide their choice of candidates. \"People in this area want development and their number is more compared to those who agitated over land acquisition in the region,\" said political analyst Sudhir Panwar.The economic uplift is already evident in the region. Land prices have gone up and people from other districts and cities are investing in land here. Political expert Arunodaya Bajpai summed up the expectation of locals: \"Yamuna Expressway will bring better colleges, hospitals and hotels to the region. Cherishing similar expectations, voters here might have voted for BSP.\"In the districts along the Yamuna Expressway, which witnessed farmers unrest in 2010 and 2011, there were several factors that influenced election results. Among these were the farmers' movement against BSP's acquisition policy, support offered by opposition parties to farmers at the time, caste composition, permanent issues like potato glut, lack of ware-houses and cold storages and civic problems.Since Rahul Gandhi was the first leader to have visited the villages and spoken to aggrieved farmers, Congress-RLD alliance gained. Congress' Dhirendra Singh was placed second in Jewar. He was given ticket for stealthily driving in Rahul at Bhatta, immediately after the farmers-police clash in May last year. He was defeated by more than 9,000 votes by Bhati.Another area which witnessed violence over land acquisition was Tappal under Khair constituency of Aligarh. The villages which witnessed violence are Jat-dominated. Their say was evident in the result in Khair (reserved) seat. Bhagwati Prasad of RLD won from Khair defeating Rajrani of BSP by more than 38,000 votes.Farmer agitation in Aligarh had already distanced Jats and other caste groups from BSP, strengthening the prospects of the RLD and the poll results confirmed it. Locals said another reason for RLD was that Khair is a reserved seat.Till now, parties used to field Jat candidates from the seats and that led to division of Jat votes. This time, however, Jat votes went to RLD. In Bhatta-Parsaul, while Jats cried hoarse over land acquisition even before the votes were polled, locals foresaw Jat votes getting divided between BSP and RLD. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170104", "title": "Murder suspects held after 3 months", "text": "PUNE: Three months after a 19-year-old youth from Kondhwa was found murdered in Mulshi, the Pune crime branch arrested two suspects from Mohammedwadi and on Tuesday claimed to have solved the murder case.The police identified the suspects as Sunil alias Sonya Ghule (22) of Ghule vasti in Mohammedwadi and Nilesh Mahesh Phalle (19) also of Mohammedwadi. A police team led by crime branch (unit IV) inspector Arun Walture made the arrests.Investigations revealed that Ghule and his two accomplices had abducted and raped the youth's sister in 2010, following which they had been arrested by the Kondhwa police. Ghule and his accomplices were released on bail after three months. Since then, Ghule was pressurising the youth to withdraw the case against him. When the youth refused to comply, an angry Ghule abducted him on December 12, 2011, and killed him, said additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde.Walture said that on December 12, Ghule contacted the youth's friend, Phalle, and told him to call the youth for talks. \"The duo again requested the youth to withdraw the case, but the youth was firm on his decision.\"He said that Phalle and Ghule then took the youth to Nive in Mulshi. \"All of them consumed liquor there. Ghule again told the youth to withdraw the case. When the youth refused to do so, Ghule and Phalle bludgeoned him to death and dumped his body in a gorge at Nive.\"Walture said that the relatives of the youth registered a missing complaint with the Kondhwa police station. Meanwhile, the youth's decomposed body was found seven days later and his identity was ascertained by his relatives. The Paud police registered a murder case in his regard.Walture further said that on February 4, this year, the investigation of the missing case was transferred to the crime branch. \"During investigations, we found out about Ghule and his accomplices, who were involved in the rape case. We detained Ghule and after sustained interrogation, he admitted to his involvement in the murder. We arrested Ghule and Phalle and sent them to the Paud police station for further investigations.\"Pune police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar has announced a cash reward of Rs 25,000 for Walture and his team. The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Shaukatali Sayyad, police constables Akil Shaikh, Ashok Atole, Sambhaji Wagh, Sunil Kadambande and Dinesh Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12169838", "title": "Consider convict's plea, HC tells prison authorities", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High court has directed the prison authorities to consider the plea of a life convict to retain him at the Salem Central prison, which is nearest to his residence, so that it would enable his elderly mother visit him. Disposing of a petition filed by one C Sekar, a life convict of Salem, Justice K K Sasidharan said, \"The jail visit by the mother would give the petitioner a kind of moral support.\"Sekar of Kondaladampatty was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment by the district and sessions court, Salem, in 1995 when he was 22 years, for committing a murder. A resident of Salem, he was originally confined at the Central Prison in Coimbatore. He was transferred to Trichy after a period of five years.According to him, he was transferred only on account of a hunger strike undertaken by the inmates complaining of poor quality of food. Since he was transferred to the Central Prison, Trichy, his mother discontinued the jail visit as it was not possible for her to undertake a visit to Trichy from Salem, given the time necessary for travel as well as the expenses. His mother submitted a representation to the additional director-general of police (prisons) to transfer the life convict to Salem, which was favourably considered by the prisons department.Accordingly, he was transferred to Salem, as per proceedings dated August 14, 2011. The transfer was for a period of six months and after completing the said period, he was to be shifted to Trichy. Filing the present petition, Sekar wanted him to be retained at Salem primarily for the reason that his aged mother would be in a position to meet him frequently.Rejecting the contention of the jail authorities, the judge pointed out, \"The jail authorities alleged that the petitioner created so many problems together with other habitual prisoners against the prison administration. However, there is nothing on record to substantiate the said contention.\"The judge further observed, \"The prison authorities should consider the plight of prisoners with an open mind. The petitioner was not born as a criminal. He was involved in a murder case and ultimately, he was punished.\"Directing the ADGP to consider the convict's plea, Justice Sasidharan said, \"Prisons should become reform houses. The prison authorities should not adopt an attitude that once a prisoner, is always a prisoner. The prisoner in due course would reform himself. He would realise the mistake committed by him. The prison regulations contain provisions regarding premature release of prisoners on good conduct. These provisions are all made with a view to see that the prisoners behave in a peaceful manner during their confinement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169235", "title": "Brakes fail, driver averts tragedy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A DTC driver's courage and presence of mind averted a major accident on Tuesday. He realized in the nick of time that the brakes of the bus had jammed and he immediately drove the bus into a park in central Delhi. The bus rammed through the hedges and came to a standstill.Over 50 lives were saved and nobody was injured. The incident took place at a park in the Mandi House roundabout at 3.15pm.The bus was plying on the Anand Vihar-Hari Nagar route. After reaching the Mandi House roundabout, the driver, Kalidas, slammed on the brakes but the bus didn't stop, police said. \"I had to steer left and go to Sikandra Road. However, when I tried to slow down, I realized the brakes were not working. I was shocked, but I had to act quickly. If I had taken a left turn, I would have hit an auto. Fortunately, no vehicle was coming from the other side and so I steered right and went inside the park,\" said Kalidas.Since the stretch was steep, the bus came to a standstill as soon as it entered the park, said witnesses. Passersby helped passengers come out of the bus. They were seen thanking god for saving their lives. Rajesh, a commuter, said, \"I was supposed to get down at Anand Vihar and was sitting in the front row. When the bus turned towards the roundabout, I wondered what was wrong with the driver. I held back to my seat, and suddenly the bus came to a halt with a thud. We were lucky that we got saved.\"The traffic near the near the Mandi House Metro station came to a standstill and remained disrupted for about half an hour, a traffic policeman said.DTC officials confirmed the incident. However, they added that the brakes were found to be working fine and there was no mechanical fault. \"It was an incident wherein an accident was averted. Nobody was injured,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhalki (bidar)", "code": "12168394", "title": "Dharam hurt in stage collapse", "text": "BHALKI (BIDAR): Former chief minister N Dharam Singh had a narrow escape at a function in Bhalki on Tuesday when the wooden stage collapsed. He lost his balance and suffered minor injuries.The programme was organized to felicitate state Veerashaiva Mahasabha president Bheemanna Khandre who received honorary doctorate from Gulbarga University recently. All dignitaries were on the dais when the stage collapsed. Along with Dharam Singh, Bhalki MLA Eshwar Khandre and two others lost their balance and fell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12158174", "title": "Ranbir\u2019s show will not go on", "text": "Buzz is, the actor is having serious second thoughts about embarking on his much-hyped world tour co-produced by his dadRanbir Kapoor's much anticipated world tour appears to have hit a major roadblock. Going by industry whispers, the tour that was previously scheduled for August-September 2012 has been postponed to a latter date. And, if rumours are to be believed, it may not happen at all this year.When contacted, Ali Morani from Cineyug, organisers of the tour, was rather evasive, \"Things are not yet in place. The tour will happen but I can't say when. It may not be this year.\" Ranbir's father Rishi Kapoor , who is also the tour's producer, refused to comment on an obviously sensitive subject.Apparently, Ranbir had second thoughts about embarking on the tour this year. A source told Mirror, \"Ranbir took the call. He wants to concentrate only on films, at least for the time being. Any commitment on the world tour would also mean a lot of dates for rehearsals etc. And a lot of filmmakers have been queuing up for Ranbir to star in their projects after Rockstar. So he has decided he'd rather focus on those. The world tour can wait, at least for now.\"This isn't the first time the tour has been postponed. Originally slated for July 2011 soon after Rajneeti hit theatres, the tour was put off till after Rockstar saw the light of day, as the father-son duo of Rishi and Ranbir felt it needed some foot-thumping songs to be a success.The much-awaited tour has indeed gone through multiple changes. Initially, Ranbir, Deepika, Sonam and Shahid were to be on it. Later, Deepika and Sonam were replaced by Priyanka and Katrina. A couple of days ago, Shahid excused himself reportedly because he was miffed with the fact that the tour was being promoted as 'Ranbir's World Tour' and he wasn't getting enough publicity. In fact while speaking to Mirror, Ali Morani remarked, \"Shahid had never given his dates to us.\"Meanwhile, his brother Mohammed Morani said, \"Please hum logo ko chhod do. I don't want to say anything about it.\"As for Ranbir, he chose to be diplomatic saying, \"Nothing has been finalised\".All said, both the Moranis and Ranbir's stand on this tour seems rather strange considering they were gung-ho about it just a few days ago. One wonders as to what could have gone wrong...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170776", "title": "Samajwadi Party confirms it won't raze Mayawati statues", "text": "LUCKNOW: Addressing his first press meet after Samajwadi Party's win, state party chief Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday categorically said grand memorials and statues of dalit leaders, including that of BSP chief Mayawati in Lucknow and Noida, would not be razed.Akhliesh remarks were in sharp contrast to Mulayam, who had repeatedly said SP would demolish memorials if voted to power. Throughout its campaign, the SP brass had attacked Mayawati for splurging public money on grand memorials and statues, including her own. But on Tuesday, Akhilesh said, \"We will get educational and hospitals constructed on vacant land which was otherwise meant for the memorials.\"According to sources in Lucknow Development Authority and Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, it depends how the maintenance of the memorials would be done.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168905", "title": "Arrogance, family raj led to Congress downfall: Babush", "text": "PANAJI: Surrounded by a sea of colour and supporters, Atanasio Monserrate alias Babush looked relaxed but not quite the happy man that he should have been after storming St Cruz and winning the assembly constituency by over 2,000 votes.The tortoise, by his own admission, had stayed true to his style and displaced both the hares: initial favourite Dinar Tarcar (MGP) and strong contender Rudolf Fernandes, whose mother Victoria Fernandes had ruled the constituency with a soft hand for close to two decades.It was a win that defied conventions and popular opinions, but despite all that, the Congress's inexplicably poor show meant Babush had hardly any reason to celebrate.\"One of the main reasons why Congress fared so badly was its arrogance, or rather the arrogance of its ministers. Everyone worked for themselves or their constituents and hardly looked elsewhere. Congress hardly worked as a team,\" said Babush.While Babush seemed to have hit the nail on the head with his frank assessment, he offered another explanation. \"Family raj,\" he said, two words that are sure to haunt Congress until the next assembly elections.Twelve of the tickets had gone to five families, and even though Babush himself was part of the \"family raj\", on hindsight, he feels it is a decision that did the party more harm than good.\"To be honest, it should not have happened. I would have had no problem if the ticket was denied to me. In fact, I had started campaigning in Taleigao and told several houses that I would be their candidate until St Cruz was offered to me,\" said Babush.Babush started his campaigning quite late in St Cruz. True, his wife Jennifer -- who has now contested and won from Taleigao -- had polled close to 6,000 votes in the last assembly polls, but never quite gave Babush the licence to dream that he could pull off a miracle in St Cruz.\"All along I told the people (of St Cruz) to look at neighbouring Taleigao and decide for themselves. I fought this election on two planks: development and employment,\" he said. While development, he said, would definitely happen, he could not promise employment -- a job per family -- since he was now in the opposition. \"I am in good terms with everyone. Let's see what happens,\" he said.It is largely believed that his \"good terms\" with the BJP -- who had an alliance candidate in Dinar Tarcar belonging to the MGP -- helped him sail through.\"I don't know St Cruz as well as I know Taleigao. I couldn't arrive at my margin of victory and had to rely on what others were telling me. In the end, I am happy that St Cruz have reposed their faith in me. I will not let them down,\" he said.Goa Elections 2012Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mayanagar", "code": "12168352", "title": "77-year-old beats cancer, boasts of a robust physique", "text": "MAYANAGAR: Amir Chand Tandon would not go unnoticed standing in a crowd.The 77-year-old is an epitome of power and strength, with a muscular physique that would put many young enthusiasts to shame, who hit the modern gymnasiums on routine.But, there is more to Tandon than his muscular body, which could very well inspire a generation that has lost its ideals to drugs and alcohol. Living up to the impressions of his glorious past, Tandon has always been dedicated to his fitness. But during the 1980s, he was hit by cancer , which depleted his strength to a large extent, before getting out of his body.In his days of yore, Tandon was widely known for his achievements in wrestling, bodybuilding and weightlifting. Born in 1935 in Lahore , Pakistan, Tandon says, \"I was inspired by my father, late Raja Ram , who too, was a wrestler. I started exercising under his guidance at the age of 10 and won a junior wrestling championship the same year in Lahore.\" The Maya Nagar resident says his family chose to settle down in Ludhiana after participation and he carried his passion across the border. Even today, Tandon has his own gym set up on his terrace where he works out every day.Tandon recalls his participation in the Punjab University wrestling championship held at Amritsar in 1952 and winning the Mr Government College (Ludhiana) title in 1955. Tandon was also bagged Mr Ludhiana and Mr Punjab titles the same year. \"These achievements at the state level motivated me to compete at the national level and I continued my winning streak in national body building, weightlifting and arm wrestling events. A gold medal at national power meet followed in 1975.\"Tandona's fame took him even to the renowned rural Olympics of Punjab in Kila Raipur. Tandon holds the responsibility of various associations of these dames today and trains many promising players who bring laurels to the nation. \"I have judge various competitions and select body building teams for championships,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169714", "title": "Don\u2019t burden students with fee hike if seats go empty\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: For professional colleges, a seat remaining unfilled is not making economic sense, and hence, institutes want a revision in the manner in which fees are set. Colleges grappling with student shortage have appealed to Shikshan Shulka Samiti (SSS), the state's fee fixing committee, to revisit the manner in which fees are arrived at, by not considering the approved student intake, but the admission numbers.P S Patankar, SSS chairman, said that students should not be burdened if some seats were going vacant.In a two-day-long open hearing session that the SSS had with health science and technical colleges, admission officers of most institutes from the rural pockets of the state said that circumstances in the higher education sector had changed and hence fee norms must be revised. The SSS takes into account the colleges' net annual expenditure and divides it by the approved student intake to arrive at the annual fee.\"No matter how many students join, we have to hire teachers and build infrastructure as per the intake capacity. So we may have fewer students but the expenses that the college incurs are on a full-house basis,\" said an admissions officer of a homeopathy college. Engineering colleges on Tuesday voiced the same grievance.S S Khedkar, hon. secretary of the Parents' Association of Medical Students, said it was illogical to burden final-year students with developmental fees and that they should be exempt from the same. Rajendra Choudhary from the Forum for Fairness in Education said the 7% fee hike that SSS allows every college every year, had seen a dramatic rise in tuition and demanded that it be brought down to 3%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12170793", "title": "State of play: What worked, what didn't", "text": "Samajwadi Party reaped the anti-Mayawati vote. It wooed upper castes by promising to shun anti-social elements and keeping quota talk to a minimum. Akhilesh's promise to develop UP showed that beyond caste loyalties, voters look for good governance. BJP and Congress both seem rudderless in UP. BJP's Kushwaha gambit fizzled out just as Congress's Muslim quota gamble failed. BSP has been punished for graft and poor governance, but remains the principal challenger to SP.SAD Is HappyThis was an election Congress was expected to win. But it snatched defeat from the jaws of victory with poor election management. It pitched Amarinder Singh as CM but his feudal roots didn't click with people. Congress also bungled by giving tickets to relatives of leaders, which triggered infighting. In contrast, the Badals tapped into the electorate's aspiration for development. BJP, too, mounted a decent rearguard campaign and retrieved the ground it had lost in urban centres by putting up credible candidates.Uphill BattleBJP was ruled out here. But a remarkable salvage operation by B C Khanduri has brought the party close to the halfway mark of 35. Now, govt formation hinges on independents and BSP. His gambits like passing a Lokayukta law, axing sitting MLAs and promising a fresh start clicked. BJP also helped by factionalism in Congress, which lost 11 seats due to rebels. The fact that Cong didn't have a leader to match Khanduri's stature went against it. But the irony is that Khanduri himself lost his seat.Minefield For CongressToppled by defections in 2005, BJP has romped back to power with allies. Its gambit of inducting Christian candidates and tying up with MGP paid off. Though not quite as credible as Khanduri, IIT grad Manohar Parrikar was seen as a decent choice for CM. Congress seems to have paid the price for rampant mining and real estate scandals in Goa. Controversial families like Alemaos, Monserrates, Naiks and Madkaikars grabbed a major share of Congress tickets. Most of them lost and so has Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169921", "title": "Green brigade rings in chipko movement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents of all age groups took part in a 'Chipko' movement as part of the 'Save 60' public campaign for trees set to be chopped to make way for an overbridge in Sector 17.The participants were of the opinion that there is no need for such an overbridge because the place is not that congested as administration claims it to be.Social activist Dr Gaurav Chhabra, who started the campaign, said the event was a collaborative effort of citizens. It saw participants from various organizations like Environment Society of India, Global Environment Concern, Yuva Dharti, Art of Living and Sankalp.Participants started pouring in at 5.30pm. The number reached to around 100 by 5.45pm. Later, they formed a human chain around the trees. After hugging the trees for 15 minutes, the procession started moving along the road shouting the slogans.\"We were surprised to see that there were numerous vehicles parked on the road on both sides which are the real cause of the congestion. So traffic police should ease it out. Planning an overbridge only shows lack of intellectual ability of the officers and planners,\" said Dr Chhabra.Mrigya Singh, who works with Environment Society of India, said, \"Such a development at the cost of the greenery is intolerable.\" Yuva Dharti president Anshuman Chaturvedi said, \"Chandigarh is called City Beautiful because of its greenery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167842", "title": "Information from NGO sought on five AIDS patients", "text": "BHOPAL: The failure of five AIDS patients to turn up at a city-based Integrated Counselling and Testing Centre (ICTC) brought into question the role of NGOs tasked with convincing them to reach the centre.A letter from the ICTC at Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) to the NGO Mahila Chetna Manch has asked for information on five patients who did not turn up after they were detected as HIV positive.The letter comes in the backdrop of Madhya Pradesh State Aids Control Society (MPSACS) project director calling for revisiting contracts with non-performing NGOs. There are about 461 AIDS cases in Bhopal and currently just one of the four Targeted Intervention (TI) NGOs are functional, working with high-risk groups in the city.The BMHRC officials declined to comment on the issue citing procedural norms and its director was not aware of any such letter being sent to the NGO.AIDS nodal officer Bhopal DMO Dr Manoj Verma said, \"If HIV positive cases are not handled according to protocol they may pose a risk of infecting the general population.\"Medical practitioners and counsellors alike are skeptical of the true situation. \"There is a possibility that the same cases are doing the rounds in different ICTCs, inflating the numbers and fulfilling the targets,\" said an observer seeking anonymity.Mahila Chetna Manch's Raghu Raj Singh said, \"I am not aware of any such letter.\" He clarified that, \"They might have been injecting drug users (IDU) cases, which are difficult cases to counsel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12168349", "title": "Manipur assembly election: Ibobi hat-trick on sticky wicket", "text": "IMPHAL: The 2012 assembly election in Manipur is a story about the importance of being Okram Ibobi Singh. The Manipur chief minister not only created history by winning an absolute majority, but also single-handedly brought the party to power for a third consecutive term. Ibobi has already been at the helm in Manipur for two terms, and the state is now waiting to find out if he will be on the hotseat for another five years or if Congress will prefer a change in the leadership. As per the results, a majority of the Congress candidates who have won these elections are supporters of the chief minister.\"Given the political culture and the electoral dynamics of Manipur, Ibobi has proven himself as the smartest and the finest political leader in the state's history,\" said Bimol Akoijam, associate professor at School of Social Sciences in JNU, New Delhi. He emphasized that Ibobi had groomed his constituencies in rural areas and hills. Stability is the mantra of Ibobi's success and he has always ensured that all government employees get their salaries in time.Ibobi first took over as the chief minister for in 2002, when he led the Congress to victory even with all the party MLAs defecting to the Samata Party and reducing the party to just one member in the assembly. He went ahead to become the first CM to complete a full tenure in the state's history. Five years later, he secured a second consecutive term in the 2007 elections, winning 30 seats in the 60-member assembly. He has successfully seen out 10 years in the top job with the CPI as its coalition partner.All said and done, Ibobi's first term - Ibobi-I - was considered relatively better than the second, which was marred by frequent blockades of the Imphal Valley by the Nagas. Even with things going against him during his second term, Ibobi-II succeeded in developing rural areas - the CM often claimed on the campaign trail that development of rural roads was his biggest achievement in the last five years.Along with bringing progress to the ravaged state, Ibobi-II also conducted Autonomous District Council (ADC) elections in the five hill districts of the state for the first time since 1972, when Nagas launched their demand for Sixth Schedule status to the hill councils. The ADC elections directly led to an improvement in Congress' tally in the hills as the locals started questioning the role of the United Naga Council, which had opposed the ADC election. \"ADC has, in fact, empowered the tribals. For the last 34 years, the hill people were deprived of power and only bureaucrats were running the council. We did not even know where our funds were going. Ibobi is the only leader who empowered us tribals,\" said a Naga elder who did not want to be named.With accusations of extra-judicial killings and fake encounters by Manipur Police, Ibobi-II hit the CM's image and he was blamed for gross violation of human rights. The CM deftly turned the tide in his favour when he stopped the entry of NSCN(IM) general secretary Thuingaleng Muivah into Manipur in 2010. The people of Imphal valley then started considering him as the only leader capable of tackling the NSCN(IM), which has been demanding the break-up of Manipur and the integration of all Naga-inhabited areas of the northeast under one administrative umbrella.Ibobi's decision seemed to have backfired when the Nagas decided to block the arterial national highway connecting the state to the rest of the country to press forth their demand. The economic blockade starved the Imphal valley, but Ibobi emerged unscathed by taking a tough stand on safeguarding Manipur's territorial integrity.2011 has by far been the hardest year for Ibobi, with Naga and Kuki tribals both blocking two national highways over the issue of creating a Sadar Hills district. While the Kukis demanded that the district be carved out of Kuki-dominated areas of the Naga-majority Senapati district, the Nagas opposed this demand. He negotiated peace with the Kukis and let the Centre convince the Nagas to lift the 121-day blockade.N Biren Singh, Congress minister and government spokesman, said: \"The CM has always been a very good listener and those who know him like him. While he concentrated on governance, he always backed his party's organization. This is how he managed to solve various problems during the last term and also ignite the party for the elections.\"A third term in the Manipur top job will certainly not be a cakewalk for the veteran with public anger against AFSPA reaching a crescendo and frequent demands for breaking up the state by the Nagas, who now have a significant presence in the assembly with Neiphu Rio's NPF making inroads in the state. However, if the last 10 years are any indication, Ibobi has it in him to tackle these issues and emerge with his credentials intact. Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169050", "title": "Five-year-old girl raped, killed in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A five-year-old girl who had gone missing on Monday night from northwest Delhi was found dead on Tuesday. Cops suspect that the girl was choked after being raped. \"We have sent the body for postmortem. We have identified the accused who lives in the same locality. We also suspect his friend's involvement,\" said a cop. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167693", "title": "Workshop on Women\u2019s Day held in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A day-long workshop was organized at AICUF Ashram by three city-based NGOs on the occasion of the International Women's Day. Organized by TAAL (towards action and learning), Samavesh and Sangini and supported by Aadhar the workshop aimed at sensitizing slum-dwellers from the city about security issues at workplaces and awareness on various acts.Chitra Khanna from TAAL informed, \"We are working for a UNDP funded project whereby 500 para legal workers (PLW) are being made aware on about 14 laws related to right to information, right to education, domestic violence, police etc.\"Additionally 50 litigation support service providers (LSSP) were trained in filing applications to various departments, drafting complains to police and drafting any litigation support document,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12166450", "title": "Colours of love", "text": "Like Holi, life should be colourful, not boring. When each colour is seen clearly, it is colourful. When all the colours get mixed, you end up with black... Harmony in diversity makes life vibrant, joyful and more colourful.Sri Sri Ravi Shankar ** Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add colour to my sunset sky.Rabindranath Tagore ** Raaslila, the unending play of uninterrupted, unfettered love is Krishna`s everlasting divine world, Nityaloka. Its worldly manifestation, in realms beyond Kala or Time, was held in Vrindavan.Sree Sree Maa ** When entire Creation is the cosmic lila of God, why demarcate a few and sing in terms of those few?Sathya Sai Baba", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170802", "title": "Congress, BJP failed to cash in on quota plank", "text": "NEW DELHI: Quota emerged as a big wedge issue during the UP poll campaign as Congress picked up a big fight with both BJP and Election Commission. In the end, however, the Centre's decision to carve out an exclusive quota for Muslims OBCs out of the larger OBC reservation pie did not benefit either Congress or its rivals.Muslims' big role in SP's emphatic win, a storm by UP standards, is a clear evidence that Congress failed to derive mileage out of a decision it had taken with an eye on assembly polls. In fact, the Cabinet cleared the controversial proposal just a day before the Model Code of Conduct kicked in with the EC's announcement of poll dates.The electioneering saw Congress selling the proposal as a new deal for \"backwards\" who constitute a significant section of Muslim population and who have increasingly been chaffing at the domination of the ashrafs - equivalents of Hindu upper castes. Samajwadi Party immediately responded to it by offering an 18% quota for Muslims out of the Mandal pie.Congress's protest that it was the author of the proposal and SP was merely mimicking it failed to deter the Samajwadis from cornering the overwhelming chunk of Muslim vote.Just as Congress, BJP also failed to cash in on its opposition to the quota. The party had no competition as, unlike others, it had not to worry about losing Muslim vote. Both Uma Bharti and Babu Singh Kushwaha campaigned on the \"assault on the rights of OBCs\" plank, but made no headway with SP emerging as clear favourites of OBCs as well. Rather, it might have backfired by alienating the upper caste urban voter.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12170215", "title": "CPM view on Islamic reforms flayed", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The reference to Chekannur Moulavi, the Muslim scholar who was allegedly killed by those who are against his unorthodox views on Islam, at the history exhibition organized as part of the 20th party congress of the CPM, has evoked sharp reactions from his supporters and detractors alike.One of the panels on the renaissance movement among Muslims in Kerala (Muslim Navothanathinte Kanalvazhikal) states that \"Chekannur Moulavi gave up his life fighting against Muslim fundamentalism and superstition with the authoritative backing of Holy Quran.\"M N Karassery, who spearheaded the protracted struggle to find out the murders of Chekannur, said the CPM never took a stand in the issue in the 17 years of the agitation. \"CPM leaders such as E K Imbichibava, M M Lawrence and M Vijayakumar participated in some of the programmes we organized, but the party never took a stand on the murder,\" he said.\"I had written letters to CPM leaders V S Achuthanandan and E M S Namboodiripad. VS did not bother to reply and EMS informed me that he will bring the issue to the attention of the then chief minister K Karunakaran,\" Karasseri said. No one cared to raise the issue in the assembly, he said.According to him, the CPM should have intervened and led the agitation.\"The party, led by its leader A Kanaran, had organized an unwanted agitation like the Makkal Samaram against Andru Haji in Nadapuram for years. But it never showed any interest in the Chekannur issue. Pinarayi Vijayan showed courage to speak on the holy hair controversy, but he never spoke on Chekannur,\" Karasseri said.C Dawood, media secretary of the Jamaat-e-Islami, said it is wrong to label Chekannur as a reformist. \"CPM leaders such as Brinda Karat always spoke against polygamy among the Muslims. Chekannur had two wives. How can he be a reformist then?\" he asked. C Muhammad Faizy, Sunni Yuvajana Sangham state vice-president and a leader of the Kanthapuram faction of Sunnis, said Chekannur had deviated from the fundamentals of Islam. \"He said there is no need to offer namaz five times while it is a practice among Muslims all over the world. He was against the tenets of Islam,\" he said.Abdul Hameed Faizy, secretary of the Sunni Yuvajana Sangham owing allegiance to E K faction of Sunnis, said the panel at the exhibition is a result of confusion. \"Revered leaders like Mamburam Thangals and Chalilakath Kunhammed Haji are placed along with persons like Chekannur, with whom majority of the Muslims had serious difference of opinion. The CPM has failed to understand the real reformation that happened in the community,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167743", "title": "Squads nab 18 HSC, 5 SSC copycats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the first day of HSC exams, 18 students were caught copying by squad members. Seventeen science students were apprehended with copy chits while one HSC (general) stream student was caught cheating. On Tuesday, five SSC students were caught copying. A dummy student was also caught in Babra, Amreli.The crackdown by the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials has come as a warning for students. Last year, 23 cases of copying were recorded in HSC (science) stream during the entire exam.\"We have decided to keep strict vigil on copycats this year. Once a copying case is recorded, the student will not be pardoned in any case,\" said a board official.This year, the board has announced that the names of students who are caught copying, the schools in which they study, and the names of the centers where they were caught will be published in the magazine of the board.For the first time, since the board exams for senior secondary began since the last two days, a dummy candidate was caught impersonating a candidate in a school in Liliya taluka in Amreli district. Apart from this, there have been three instances of cheating in Godhra town and one case in Porbandar .A senior GSHSEB official told TOI that though there are many instances of copying in rural areas, the local inspection squads seemed to be not doing much. \"This time around our flying squads have not been able to reach out to many villages. When the squad does reach the school, the children are alerted about the arrival of the squad. The flying squads too are not effective in rural areas,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12169472", "title": "Intelligence failure behind violence", "text": "ROHTAK: The divide between leaders of Sarv Jatiya Khap Mahapanchayat and All India Jat Aarakashan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS) and the government's inability to grasp the fallout of police action of removing the protesters from dharna spot apparently triggered the flare-up at Mayyar village of Hisar and Gajuwala village of Fatehabad district and surrounding areas on Tuesday.The khap leaders, who distanced themselves from the agitation two days back, blamed the local samiti leaders for failing to keep the agitation peaceful. The latter, however, alleged that some members of khap panchayat were working at the government behest and accused police of \"using force without any provocation\".Pratap Singh Dahiya of Dahiya khap told TOI that they had tried to persuade the agitators to call off the agitation. \"But it seems that certain elements were trying to cash in on the sentiments of jats,\" he said. Baljit Singh Malik of Gathwala khap and Randhir Singh of Meham Chaubisi also claimed to have been \"out of touch with the happenings in Mayyar\". However, khap panchayat spokesperson Sube Singh said he had been trying to pacify the agitators at Gajuwala village.The samiti leaders who were at the forefront of the stir in Mayyar village, including Haryana president Dharampal Chhot and general secretary Mahavir Poonia, could not be contacted as their mobile phones were switched off. However, UP-based leader Yashpal Malik accused the government of betraying them. \"The government will have to pay a heavy price for use of force. This was unnecessary decision and has disturbed the peaceful stir.\"Hawa Singh Sangwan, who had led the agitation one year ago but broke away from Malik, tried to justify the police action, saying some elements in the agitation were hell bent on keeping the agitation alive just to gain political mileage. \"It is unfortunate that some people are not even listening to the calls of khap panchayat, which is a respected body of jats in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168953", "title": "Guptas knock AP High Court doors against cheating case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Realtor G S Gupta and nine others, who were booked for cheating construction giant DLF of over Rs 280 crore, on Tuesday approached the AP High Court urging it to quash the criminal proceedings launched against them by the Central Crime Station (CCS) police.Earlier, they had approached the lower court for anticipatory bail, which granted conditional bail to eight members of the family while rejecting the pleas of GS Gupta and his brother Gopal Gupta. Now, they approached the HC seeking quashing of the case.Meanwhile, five of the eight persons, who were earlier granted anticipatory bail in the cheating case, surrendered before the XII additional chief metropolitan magistrate on Tuesday. However, the magistrate could not execute bail formalities of two as they failed to produce their passports.Sarita Gupta, Radhesham Gupta, Sharma, Komal Agarwal, Amit Agarwal, Anita Agarwal, Megha Gupta and Manjari Gupta were earlier granted conditional bail by the IV additional sessions judge.Radhesham Gupta, Manoj Kumar Sharma, Amit Agarwal, Komal Agarwal and Manjari Gupta surrendered before the court. However, Radhesham Gupta and Manoj Kumar Sharma did not produce their passports, which was one of the conditions laid down by the sessions judge while granting anticipatory bail. The magistrate insisted that the duo surrender their passports and refused to complete the bail formalities. Amit Agarwal, Komal Agarwal and Manjari Gupta's bail formalities were completed.The Gupta brothers, the two prime accused in the cheating case, are still at large. After making a futile effort to locate the two, some CCS teams, which went to Delhi, returned to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "12172591", "title": "Olympus' former execs charged", "text": "TOKYO: Olympus Corp, the Japanese camera and endoscope maker that admitted a 13-year accounting fraud, and six officials were indicted by Japanese prosecutors for falsifying securities reports.Officials including former chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa, former executive vice president Hisashi Mori and former auditing officer Hideo Yamada, were also prosecuted, according to a faxed statement from the prosecutors office.Olympus's Tokyo headquarters and its affiliated offices were raided in December by prosecutors after the company said Kikukawa, Mori and Yamada colluded to hide investment losses from the 1990s. They were arrested last month for suspected violation of Japan's Financial Instruments and Exchange Act.The Tokyo Stock Exchange in January allowed Olympus to keep its stock market listing by fining the company 10 million yen ($123,800) and telling it to submit reports on efforts to improve management. The exchange put Olympus on a watchlist last year after the company admitted to inflating fees to advisers on the $2.1 billion acquisition of London-listed Gyrus Group Plc in 2008 and overpaying for three Japanese companies.Advisory feesOlympus fell 1.4 per cent to 1,282 yen at the midday trading break in Tokyo. The endoscope maker's market value has tumbled 48 per cent since the Oct 14 dismissal of former Chief Executive Officer Michael Woodford, who had challenged Kikukawa and the Tokyo-based company's board over inflated takeover payments.Woodford went public with queries he raised with Kikukawa and Mori over $687 million in advisory fees in the acquisition of medical company Gyrus, as well as writedowns of stakes in three other takeovers.The prosecutors also indicted Akio Nakagawa, Nobumasa Yokoo -- both cited in a December panel report as having aided Olympus in structuring its loss-hiding proposals -- and Taku Hada, who was arrested with last month.Founded in 1919 as a microscope and thermometer business, Olympus produced its first camera in 1936 and a predecessor to the modern-day endoscope in 1950, according to its website. The company controls 75 per cent of the global market for endoscopes, instruments doctors use to look inside the body cavity to help detect disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168927", "title": "3 juveniles escape from Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: Three juveniles in conflict with law escaped from the state run home, Apna Ghar on Tuesday afternoon.This is the second time that the trio has run away from Apna ghar.On February 17, 2012 they had run away from the home and few days later were found at Canacona. They were brought back to the home last week. The children had escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12163157", "title": "We should be ashamed of ourselves: Rishi Kapoor", "text": "Last month while attending a Bollywood event at the London School of Economics Rishi Kapoor, never known to mince words, got into a heated argument with Rachel Dwyer-yes, the same Bollywood expert who has researched extensively on Hindi films and actors.Apparently the well-informed lady argued with Rishi Kapoor over a vital question: which is Rishi Kapoor's first film? Every record of his achievements states it is 'Mera Naam Joker'. But Rachel Dwyer with her vast storehouse of knowledge on Hindi cinema, insisted it was 'Shree 420' where Rishi along with his brother Randhir and sister Reema made a fleeting appearance.Apparently the question blew up into a heated argument between the actor and film historian with neither willing to concede defeat.Rishi doesn't deny that he took on Ms Dwyer. \"How can she claim 'Shree 420' was my debut? I was just a 2-year old kid cajoled into moving across one a frame for a song in the rain. I was so reluctant to shoot in the studio rain! Nargisji had to coax me into giving the shot with a chocolate. I wasn't even aware of what I was doing. So how can 'Shree 420' be considered my debut? It was only when I did 'Mera Naam Joker' with my father that I became aware of what it takes to be an actor.\"The retrospect and a discussion on the cinema of Rishi Kapoor at the London School of Economics last week has left the actor stunned and dismayed. Prof Rachel Dwyer a Bollywood expert who teaches at the University of London, left Rishi stumped with her knowledge of Indian cinema and actors.Apparently Prof Dwyer knew things about Rishi's career that he was himself unaware of. Says the still-stunned actor, \"This Prof. Dwyer knows so much about our films. She speaks fluent Hindi and sang the entire Jan gan man. It made me feel ashamed of how little our own actors and technicians know about our past. The other day I was shooting with one of today's young and bright cinematographers (name withheld) . He didn't know who Radhu Karmakar was. Can you beat that!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12169655", "title": "State Congress leaders jittery after party fares poorly in UP, Punjab", "text": "GURGAON: A poor show by the Congress in the just-concluded Assembly elections in five states may have its repercussions in Haryana as well. The Hooda regime may appear to be sitting pretty at the helm of state affairs as of now, but experts say that the anti-Congress sentiment in other states may impact the party in Haryana as well.The results in Punjab, where the despite corruption charges the Akali Dal has managed to remain in power with BJP's alliance, has especially come as a shocker for the Congress party. Meanwhile, the best the party leaders in Haryana could do on Tuesday was to express surprise at their defeats in Punjab and Goa and it's below par performance in UP.According to political analysts, Congress's defeat in Punjab where Parkash Singh Badal is set to retain power and in UP , where Samajwadi Party has emerged as the highest winner, might simply mean that former Haryana chief minister, Indian National Lok Dal's (INLD) Om Prakash Chautala, will have support from both and might gain over a dozen votes in and around Kurukshetra during the next assembly elections.According to Haryana Pradesh Congress Committee ex-spokesperson, Ved Prakash Vidrohi, the party members are certainly disappointed with their performance in the five states.\"If we (Congress) take these assembly results as a warning and reign in more discipline and encourage corruption-free leaders who are grassroots level workers, we can hold on to our position in the next assembly elections,\" said Vidrohi. Earlier, Congress's poor performance in the by-elections in Hisar and then in Adampur had pushed them in to massive campaigning for the Ratia seat. They might have won but experts point out that it was mainly because INLD had fielded a \"weak candidate'; despite that, the party had to spend a massive chunk of its resources to gain victory.\"It was a warning for the state leaders. We could save that one post last year but in the coming elections, when we have 89 more seats to contest for, it might not be this easy to stay afloat,\" said Virodhi. The recent protests in regarding Jat reservations in the state - which went on for a fortnight where a handful of villagers held the rail and road network to ransom - also sent out a wrong message.However, party members in the state defended their \"youth leader\" Rahul Gandhi and said that he tried his best, and that there are many complex reasons that affect an election outcome. Also, Haryana Congress leaders expressed hope that the state elections might not be indication of Union elections since their chief opposition in the centre, the Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP), hasn't shown \"much of a performance\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12169768", "title": "India, China decide border talks protocol", "text": "BEIJING: India and China on Tuesday agreed to call emergency meetings or hold video conferences whenever there are reports of disturbances on the border. Chinese foreign minister Yang Jeichi went a step ahead and said there was \"continued and sound growth\" in the relationship between the two.The decision was taken at the first meeting of the newly formed Working Mechanism for Consultation and Coordination on India-China Border Affairs in Beijing. Speaking at a press conference, Yang said both China and India needed to \"do the specifics well\" in implementing the agreements relating to border disputes.In the meeting attended by Gautam Bambawale, Joint Secretary (East Asia), it was also decided to explore additional routes for Indian pilgrims visiting Kailash Mansarovar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12168484", "title": "Public pools too deep, have few lifeguards", "text": "The summer of 2010 was terrible for Nitish's family. The 6-year-old boy went for swimming lessons at the National Games Village swimming pool's summer camp in Koramangala and drowned. Pool authorities said he wasn't accompanied by an adult and that was a major cause of death. With the onset of summer, many parents send kids to swimming camps across the city, either to ensure they're occupied in their spare time or they pick up something which will come in handy in later life. But beware -swimming is fun, but the threat of drowning lurks in the pool. Experts feel most pool tragedies involving children can be averted, provided safety measures are observed diligently by pool owners and parents.Parents first line of defenceAccording to TD Vijayaraghavan, secretary, Karnataka Swimming Association, touch supervision by parents is crucial. ''Even 6 inches of water can kill a child. Parents should practise touch supervision, which means they should be within arm's length of the child all the time. Never leave your children alone in or near the pool even for a moment. An adult who knows swimming and CPR should actively supervise children,\" he said. Experts say that negligence of parents is the main cause of accidents. \"The foolproof method to keep accidents at bay is to accompany the child to the pool. Parents leave their child at the pool and come back only to pick them up. This leads to most accidents and should be discouraged,'' says Nisha Millet, founder, Nisha Millet Swimming Academy.Another factor is the credibility of the pool. ''A pool should have child: coach ratio as 25:4. Also, make sure the water is very clean. A clean pool is less prone to accidents,'' says Nisha. Pools that don't allow parents to be around during classes are to be avoided.Public pools in bad shapeThere are six public pools across the city and most are found wanting in terms of safety measures. Apart from being too deep (up to 16 ft), they lack sufficient number of lifeguards. ''The depth of the pools varies from 3ft to 16 ft. The pool was constructed 35 years ago and was supposed to have a diving facility. That's why it's deep. We have five lifeguards on each shift,\" said John Christopher , head coach, Jayanagar Swimming Pool.Experts say pools, especially those used for training children, shouldn't be deep. \"The depth of pools we use during summer camps varies from 1.5 ft to 7ft. The deeper the pool, higher is the chance of accidents. Most public pools are too deep to be used for training children,\" said Nisha Millet.According to Vijayaraghavan, the role of a qualified lifeguard is critical. \"The number of lifeguards in a pool depends on the size of the pool and the number of swimmers using it. The minimum number of lifeguards in a busy pool should be at least 2 per 170 sqm and in a 50 m pool (most public pools are 50 m pools) the minimum number should be at least six and two on standby,\" said Vijayaraghavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12173125", "title": "2 thieves held, silver items recovered", "text": "HUBLI: Vidyanagar police arrested two persons and recovered silver items worth Rs 4.5 lakh in Hubli, on Tuesday.Vidyanagar police inspector Pranesh Rotti said that Nagaraj Kavatekar, 25, and Siddappa Valikar, 25 were arrested. They were allegedly involved in a theft case.Police said that a few days ago, Shivakumar Valenayak, a resident of Sundar Nagar near Vidyanagar had registered a complaint with Vidyanagar police that his house was burgled and silver items worth Rs 4.5 lakh were stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168890", "title": "HIV cases on decline in state, says survey", "text": "HYDERABAD: The latest HIV surveillance survey has thrown up some good news for Andhra Pradesh. The preliminary data of the 2011 study jointly undertaken by National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) and AP State Aids Control Society (Apsacs) has revealed that the state witnessed a sharp decline in HIV prevalence among the high risk groups.If the HIV prevalence among female sex workers was 11% in 2008, it has dropped to 7% now. The highest decline was noted among the Men having Sex with Men (MSMs) community wherein from 23%, the incidence plummeted to 10%. Among the Injectable Drug Users (IDUs), the incidence has declined from 7% to 3%.Officials said that the substantial drop in HIV prevalence among female sex workers, which was very high in AP, was an achievement. The state has 1.56 lakh sex workers. Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation alone has 22,000 female sex workers and 4,000 MSMs. Apsacs officials said that the condom usage has increased considerably resulting in the decline of HIV infections. Kailash Aditya, joint director (targeted interventions) said that the health seeking behaviour among the high risk groups has gone up which was earlier not the case. \"This is a very positive sign,\" said Aditya.Officials noted that about two to three years ago, there was a huge scale up of the fatal disease in the state. AP figured among the top five states with highest incidents of HIV. Apsacs subsequently stepped up its interventions going till the grass root level to deal with the high risk groups. Currently, there are 169 targeted interventions in the state. Of these, 23 targeted interventions are being directly implemented by the Community Based Organisations (CBOs). Because of the ownership of the CBOs, the HIV/AIDS prevention services reach a large number of community members, officials said.However, of the 22,000 female sex workers in GHMC jurisdiction, Apsacs has access to just about 16,000 sex workers indicating that better surveillance is required. As far as the state is concerned, the total number of people living with HIV/AIDS is estimated to be over 5 lakh. Of these, 3.75 lakh are registered with Apsacs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168975", "title": "Wagh makes easy work of 'difficult' St Andre seat", "text": "PANAJI: BJP's stunning achievement of winning a majority of its own for the first time is quite a story. But the bigger, or rather the biggest, story got scripted in St Andre where Vishnu Surya Wagh not just toppled incumbent Congress MLA Francis Silveira-ruling with an iron hand for three terms-but also saw the lotus bloom at a spot which was considered most infertile.\"I knew this was a very difficult seat. Even when the ticket was being allotted to me, my party asked me why I was keen on St Andre. My response was simple, 'I wanted this seat precisely because it was a difficult one',\" said Wagh who won with a rather unexpected lead of 1,219 votes.Like Wagh said, the St Andre seat was difficult to win, especially since the BJP, which has been contesting here since 1994, had not been able to make its presence felt. Since 1963, the seat has been won either by the United Goans Party or Congress, except in 1980 when Janata (S) managed to grab power. In between, the MGP twice-1989 and 1977-ran Congress close, losing by a narrow margin of 162 and 445 votes respectively, but the thought of the Congress tasting defeat seemed too far-fetched.That's until Wagh entered the fray and, to quote a cliche, fought fire with fire. If Silveira used his muscle, Wagh replied with his men from Zuari and other parts of Goa Velha. Then there was unrestricted flow of money, but, as the results showed, even that could not turn the tide.\"I grew up in Dongrim and spent most of my childhood here. I know each and every household from Dongrim to Neura. Goa Velha was the key and I knew if they could be won over, half the battle would have been won,\" explained Wagh.The remaining battle was fought in Silveira's stronghold of Agasaim, where Wagh won 1,200 votes. Once Silveira's lead was sizably cut down in Agasaim, there was no way the sitting MLA could regroup.\"I got leads everywhere else. In Dongrim, for example, I got a lead of 1,500 which was enough for me to sail through,\" he said.While Wagh's strong personality made a difference, observers say the Congress had dug its own grave.\"People were angry and fed up with the Congress. The MLA did nothing for the people all these years. There is no development and no employment here. All that people wanted is change, and that's what you see today. More than the BJP, this is a victory of the people,\" said Simon Caiado who contested against Silveira during the last assembly polls.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169790", "title": "Will Sukhbir be the next CM ?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Has Sukhbir Badal's time finally come? With a large part of the credit of the stunning win by the Akalis - proving both history and pundits wrong - going to Badal Junior, talks of the possibility of his 'tajposhi' began doing the rounds even before the final results were out on Tuesday.While Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) went to the polls projecting Parkash Singh Badal as the CM candidate, the party is abuzz with talks of a transfer of power.With Sukhbir proving his match-winning credentials twice over - the first time in 2007 - party insiders say not many eyebrows are likely to be raised if the party decides to name him the CM right away. \"He has been the de facto CM for some time anyway,\" said a senior party leader.Badal himself did not sound averse to the idea. In his first media conference after the win, he said: \"The party will decide on the CM candidate. If party chooses Sukhbir, I will welcome that.\"He went on to shower lavish praise on his son. \"I should commend Sukhbir's organizational skills. He has done a good job as president of the party,\" said Badal Senior.All those who have been following Sukhbir Badal's rise, his ambition of occupying the CM's chair has been all too evident ever since he was sworn in into the Assembly in early 2009.However, the astute politician, Parkash Singh Badal, for once, did not indulge his son by handing him the cherished post on a platter, though Sukhbir loyalists including some senior politicians repeatedly urged Badal to do so. No one can ever tell what made Badal deny this wish to his son - his own insecurity or the realization that Sukhbir was going too fast for his own good or for that of the party.But, with age, ill health and personal losses mellowing down Badal Senior, coupled with Sukhbir's good show this time, may well lead the father to concede to his son's ardent wish.For the record, however, Sukhbir said: \"There is no question of my becoming the CM as long as my father remains a fit politician. We make an excellent combination. I am a young MLA and he is an experienced stalwart. Together, we make a deadly combination.\"Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169813", "title": "SP stamps supremacy in Ramabai Nagar", "text": "KANPUR: Samajwadi Party stamped its supremacy in Ramabai Nagar district by winning three of the four seats. One seat has gone to Bahujan Samaj Party.Samajwadi Party's veteran candidate Ram Swaroop Singh won Akbarpur Rania seat. He defeated BSP's Pratibha Shukla, wife of former MP Anil Shukla Warsi. Pratibha switched over to Akbarpur Rania seat from Chaubeypur after the delimitation. Warsi had held the Akbarpur parliamentary seat in 2004.At Bhognipur, SP's Yogendra Pal Singh defeated BSP's Dharampal. The seat was last represented by Raghunath Prasad of BSP.Rasoolabad (Reserve) seat was bagged by Samajwadi Party candidate Shiv Kumar Beria. BSP had fielded Nirmala Sankhwar. In 2007 Assembly elections, the seat was held by Mahesh Chandra.In Sikandara, BJP's Devendra Singh Bhole was defeated by BSP's Indrapal Singh. In 2007, Mithlesh Kumari of BSP won from this seat. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12168117", "title": "Tea Association of India to export Cachar tea to Bangladesh", "text": "SILCHAR: Given the poor communication facilities of Barak Valley with the rest of the country, tea planters here are eyeing neighbouring Bangladesh to sell the tea grown in this part of Assam, which is popularly known as Cachar tea. The idea was mooted during the 41th annual general meeting of Tea Association of India (TAI), Barak Valley branch on Monday evening.Addressing the meeting as the chief guest, Assam governor J B Patnaik said, \"Bangladesh will be a crucial market for Cachar tea given the easy communication of Barak Valley with the neighbouring country.\"\"The tea produced in Barak Valley will find acceptance with the taste preference of Bangladesh. Thus, the prospect of Cachar tea in Bangladesh exists and should be explored,\" TAI senior vice president Vijay Dhandhania said.Patnaik called for safeguarding the interests of small tea growers of the state as according to a survey report published by the state industries department recently, Assam has 68,465 small tea gardens and the small tea growers account for about 25 per cent of state's tea output.He said the small tea growers are often exploited by the large tea estates and the tea board has also been depriving them of a just price sharing formula as it has not implemented the Tea Marketing Control ordinance, 2004. \"The Tea Board should give more attention to the problems of the small tea growers as the tea industry can generate a lot of employment to the educated youths. The small tea growers can also add to the total production of tea in the country.\"Assam contributes around 50 per cent of the total tea produced in India. \"The problem of the tea planters both small and big have to be seriously studied and solved. The total turn over of the tea industry is Rs 10,000 crore and the total net foreign exchange per anum in the country is around Rs 1,847 crore. Besides, the tea industry is labour intensive and provides employment to 1.1 million workers and generates income for another 10 million people. Assam alone provides employment to 600,000 people,\" the governor added.He also said the tea industry in Assam suffers from various problems like the lack of infrastructure, modernization, efficient management and lack of proper research.Dhandhania said Barak Valley has embraced a new wage agreement, which will entail the workers a substantial increment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169535", "title": "CBI lawyers take Rs 1.25 crore to dilute Adarsh charges, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A conspiracy to dilute charges against accused persons in the Adarsh housing society scam by CBI lawyers has been unearthed with the arrest of special public prosecutor Mandar Goswamy, CBI counsel in Mumbai high court in Adarsh and other cases, income tax lawyer J K Jagiasi, former Congress MLC Kanhaiya Lal Gidwani (accused in the Adarsh scam) and his son Kailash.The accused lawyers reportedly took Rs 1.25 crore from Gidwani in lieu of providing information on CBI's next step and to look at options of diluting charges against him. The agency is probing the possibility of the CBI counsel being in touch with other Adarsh scam accused as well.CBI stumbled upon the case with the arrest of Jagiasi who allegedly asked an Air India official, accused in a case, to pay a bribe of Rs 50 lakh for dilution of charges, sources said. The Air India official approached the CBI and a trap was laid leading to his arrest on February 20. He was later released on bail.During his questioning, officials were surprised to know that he had been in touch with other accused as well, including Gidwani, sources said.\"Gidwani asked Jagiasi if anything could be done for him in the Adarsh matter. Jagiasi told him that he would have to pay money and charges against him would be diluted. Jagiasi, a friend of CBI retaining counsel Mandar Goswamy, then contacted Goswamy and asked him to help. Goswamy agreed,\" a CBI officer said.Throughout 2011, sources said, Gidwani paid money to Jagiasi and Goswamy through his son Kailash. They gave Rs 1.25 crore to Jagiasi out of which Rs 25 lakh was delivered to Goswamy.Jagiasi was arrested on Monday night while Gidwani, Kailash and Goswamy were arrested on Tuesday. CBI has booked them under the Prevention of Corruption Act. All of them have been remanded to CBI custody till March 16.CBI stumbled upon the case with the arrest of lawyer J K Jagiasi who allegedly asked an Air India official, accused in a case, to pay a bribe of Rs 50 lakh for dilution of charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12167772", "title": "Opposition cuts govt over manja deaths", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The ruling BJP was in a spot on Tuesday in the Gujarat state assembly regarding its failure to initiate any propaganda to save the birds which die, especially during the kite-flying festival, Uttarayan.It all began with a discussion that ensued following the reply to a written question by senior Dabhoi legislator Siddharth Patel, when state forest and environment minister Mangubhai Patel said that in Jamnagar, people are barred from flying kites between 6 and 8 in the morning and, again, later in the day, between 5 and 7 pm, when a large number of birds are found to be flying in the atmosphere.The minister added, \"There is a notification in Jamnagar on this, and we have also propagated the notification in local news media.\" Facing a volley of questions soon thereafter on what the state government was doing to save birds in the rest of Gujarat, he said , \"There is just a general appeal by the state environmental secretary asking people to not to fly kites during these hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12168010", "title": "Samjhauta blast accused Kamal\u2019s wife on hunger stir", "text": "INDORE: The Samjhauta blasts accused Kamal Chauhan's wife Seema will go on a day-long hunger strike in front of Depalpur tehsil office, about 40 km from Indore on Wednesday. The residents of Moorkhedi, the village of Kamal Chauhan, are expected to extend their support to Seema by joining her in the strike. After the strike, Seema will hand over a memorandum to the SDM seeking an explanation from the state government for the alleged illegal detention of the accused from his house on February 9. Seema has also demanded the whereabouts of her husband between February 9 and February 13, the day he was shown arrested by the National Investigating Agency (NIA).A large number of supporters of Chauhan from the village will join Seema in the hunger strike. Seema had moved the high court against what she said illegal detention of her husband on February 13. The petition was dismissed by the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court. The HC had asked her to challenge the detention in Panchkula Court where her husband was being tried for his alleged role in the Samjhauta blasts.\"More than 700 villagers are expected to support Seema,\" Rameshwar, a resident of Moorkhedi said, adding that the villagers have been pleading Kamal's innocence.\"We are going to tell the people about the illegal detention of Chauhan and the pressure being mounted on him by the NIA,\" said advocate Amit Singh Sisodia, who has been appearing for Seema in the court. He said the NIA was acting under pressure from the Centre and Kamal is being pressurized to make false confessions.Advocate Sisodia said the issue of illegal detention would be challenged in the court of Panchkula within a week with other pending cases against Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12169582", "title": "Haryana budget fails to boost sentiments of small industries", "text": "GURGAON: For the small industry - the biggest generator of growth and employment in Haryana - this year's state budget, announced in Chandigarh on Monday, came as a big disappointment.The industry didn't get anything more than a passing mention in the budget, this time round. In his speech, the finance minister, Ajay Singh Yadav, did call the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) the \"backbone of the manufacturing sector\", but in terms of real benefits and incentives, there was nothing in store for the small industry in the budget 2012-13.Industrialists in Gurgaon call this an attitude of willful neglect on the part of the state. \"The state views the small industry merely as a milking cow, which gives out benefits without asking for any,\" said Raj Singla, president of the MSME Confederation. He said that this year's budget is more or less neutral to the agendas of the small industry. \"It doesn't impose any new taxes, but it doesn't take away any of the old ones also,\" he added.According to H P Yadav, an industrialist in Udyog Vihar, for the MSMEs there is practically nothing to look forward to in the new financial year. \"The only thing they have mentioned about the MSMEs is the 15 new clusters they are setting up. But we still have no further details on that,\" said Yadav.With the virtual slowdown in every sector, the small scale industrialists were expecting much support from the state, in the form of tax rebates or, in the case of the export sector, freight subsidies. \"In the years between 2007 and 2009, the state reimbursed the freight charges of the exporters, who were transporting their goods to the Bombay port,\" said Animesh Saxena, an exporter in Gurgaon.However, added Saxena, this subsidy was scrapped, and hasn't yet been re-introduced, when it is most needed. \"The export sector is experiencing a 30-35% slowdown, and the only way for it to recover is with state support. And the new budget doesn't afford any,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12170154", "title": "Chill out this Holi with organic \u2018arsenal\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Playing safe Holi with herbal colours seems to be the motto of city residents this year. With the festival of colours nearing, city youngsters are busy preparing to play an eco-friendly Holi this year. From using homemade herbal colours to promising themselves a dry and safe Holi, they are doing it all. Where some have been inspired by their past experiences to take this step, others have been encouraged by their friends, family and parents.Saumya Sehgal, a student of BA final year and resident of Sector 40, has decided to make this day fun-filled and safe at the same time. \"I asked my grandmother for ideas to make colours at home and with her help I have made yellow and pink colour with turmeric and beetroot, respectively. I also called some of my friends home to help me make these colours and it turned out to be a fun activity. I feel it's better to use friendly herbal colours made of flower petals and seeds, turmeric and other natural products rather than metals and harmful materials.\"Naresh Adhikari, a final year animation student, said, \"My friends and I have decided to play dry Holi this year. We will not use water or liquid colours and avoid indulging in any activity that could harm someone. Last year one of our friends was hurt in the eye while some hooligans were playing Holi, so this year we are going to be very careful. Also to avoid any hooliganism we have organized a get together at one of our friend's place and all the colours will be brought by us.\"And while chemical colours have been in vogue for a long time, and the cost-effectiveness and easy availability make them more preferred than natural colours, but often people are not aware of their harmful effects.Skin conscious Jyotsana Paatni, a second year Mass Communication student, is sure to use coloured water for Holi, however she will stick to herbal colours. \"I love playing Holi and without water Holi is incomplete, but to keep my skin safe I have bought herbal colours. They are not only skin-friendly but also have good smell! I do not want to take any chances this year and will use these to apply on other's too,\" she said.On the other hand Deepti Bhatnagar, a final year MTech student, has decided to keep the Holi celebration limited to tilak. She said, \"These days almost all Holi colours have harmful chemicals in them. Last year I ended up having severe rashes which took a very long time to heal, so this year I will only apply tilak and ask people to do the same.\"Even school children are aware about the harmful effects of colours and are insisting their parents to buy herbal colours. Gaurav Sharma, a Class VIII student, said, \"In our school our eco club members told us about the herbal colours and also distributed some. Therefore, I have asked my mother to bring herbal colours for Holi this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12169561", "title": "DGP talks tough; to target Jat leaders now", "text": "HISAR: Having being left red-faced after rail tracks were again blocked by agitating jat protesters on Tuesday, director general of Haryana police Ranjeev Dalal hinted at taking strict action against Jat leaders who were behind the violence that resulted in the death of one person.Interacting with media persons, Dalal denied any policeman having fired even a single shot during the incident. Dalal rather insisted that some youths were carrying country-made weapons and the victim, Sandeep, fell prey to firing by one among them. \"The jat leaders who provoked youths, and some miscreants present among the crowd, are to be blamed for Sandeep's death. We have zero tolerance as far as law and order situation is concerned. Now from Wednesday onwards we will be focusing merely on jat leaders identified during survelliance,'' Dalal said.Notwithstanding the fact that only five policemen were admitted in hospital after they were attacked by the crowd, Dalal on the other hand claimed that 24 policemen on duty were injured in the incident of stone pelting and attack by the mob in Mayyar and Ramayan.Meanwhile, keeping in view the prevailing tension in the area, the government has ordered to close educational institutes across the district for the next three days. Besides, the local administration has asked for more force to tackle rail blockades by protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12168513", "title": "Chief justice gives striking lawyers piece of his mind", "text": "High court chief justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday rapped advocates for 'hooliganism' and holding the court to ransom and threatened to invoke contempt of court proceedings against them. He took exception to the behaviour of a group of advocates standing outside the court hall and asking their counterparts inside to come out in support of their agitation in protest against Friday's violence at the City Civil Court complex.Observing that rabble-rousers were in charge of things, Sen asked advocates' leaders as to who was blackmailing them. \"The advocates' profession is a noble one. Let us keep it noble,\" he said. \"Use your brains. Don't agitate,\" he added.The chief justice observed that on Friday and Monday, 150 advocates had come to his chamber and assured him the strike would be over on Monday.''I had asked my colleagues to be accommodative on the assurance that you would resume attending courts from Tuesday. We are not rising, we are bound by the apex court's directive,'' he said, declining to suspend the proceedings.Earlier, a group of advocates entered the court hall and requested the chief justice to suspend proceedings. The division bench headed by the chief justice turned down their request.Later, another group led by Advocates' Association of Bangalore president KN Subba Reddy entered the court house and requested the chief justice to heed the advocates' request so that the issue could be settled.Reddy said though he is in favour of attending the court, the young advocates who had been traumatized by Friday's police excesses wanted to continue the boycott.The chief justice snapped, \"You're the president of one of the biggest bar associations in the country. Who is blackmailing you? We feel saner voices from the lawyers' community are not being heard and only rabble-rousers are in charge. As leaders, you have to guide these young lawyers.\"\"You are advocates. You know what to do. I am told you have got adequate evidence (of police excesses during the March 2 violence). But you are only spoiling it by going ahead with the agitation. The controversy has to be resolved. It cannot be solved by agitation,\" the CJ counselled the advocates. On the complaint of some advocates that TV channels were refusing to telecast CDs prepared by the association on evidence of police excesses, the chief justice asked why the association hadn't approached Chandana channel, run by Doordarshan.PILs to be heard todayA division bench headed by the CJ will, on Wednesday, take up the hearing of a batch of PILs on the March 2 violence at the City Civil Court complex.The petitioners sought a CBI probe into the violence and also a directive to the Press Council of India for initiating disciplinary action against TV channels for defaming legal profession/professionals.Proceedings disrupted partiallyThe call for indefinite boycott of courts by the Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) evoked partial response in Bangalore. Proceedings were partially disrupted in the high court as well as other courts. A high court division bench headed by chief justice Vikaramajit Sen sat till 12.50pm and heard listed cases, barring final disposal matters. Government advocates and a few other lawyers represented their clients in various court halls. A considerable number of lawyers stayed away.The AAB boycott call has been opposed by the Karnataka State Bar Council.Strike total in DharwadLawyers in Dharwad district, too, boycotted courts. \"While the strike may continue in lower courts elsewhere, lawyers may return to work at the high court circuit bench on Wednesday,\" said a senior advocate. Proceedings in the Karnataka high court circuit bench, the district sessions court and lower courts in the district came to a standstill.The presiding judicial officers, including the principal district and sessions judge, arrived in the courtroom at the scheduled hour. However, not finding advocates to plead their cases, he called out one by one and adjourned them to a later date.Clients who turned up at the courts fearing that their cases would be dismissed were a relieved lot as nothing like that happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12173383", "title": "Greens see red over tree park project", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The tree park concept of the Chikmagalur territorial forest division has invited the wrath of environmentalists in the area.As part of the project, Chikmagalur territorial division has already started felling well-grown Neelagiri trees in 50 acres at Karadihalli Kaval which abuts a golf club.According to range forest officer Jayakumar, who is executing the work, the government has released Rs 50 lakh to establish the tree park which will house 125 native tree species. A trekking route will also be formed.Wild Cat-C and other environmental organizations termed the move unscientific and said felling trees to provide space for tree park is untenable. \"Instead of cutting trees to accommodate this park, the department could have selected Mathavara forest information centre where there is ample space to accommodate the park. The existing building should have been used as Balabhavan or there is adequate space to build a new one,\" they said.They blamed the department for wasting money on such useless projects and said the move is detrimental to forest conservation.Questioning the propriety of establishing a tree park when there are abundant forests around the city, they said the territorial division should give more attention to protect Shola forests which are unique in Western Ghats.Repeated efforts to contact the deputy conservator of forests and assistant conservator of forests did not yield results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12166796", "title": "You need to overcome fear", "text": "Most often, our lives are wasted in fear!In order to drive away darkness from his house, one man was found carrying out bucketloads of darkness and emptying them - a futile task. His preoccupation with driving out darkness took him nowhere. Darkness is absence of light. If only he had attempted to light a small lamp, darkness would have disappeared!Fear is like darkness. Absence of love is fear. Once the lamp of love is lit, fear would disappear. How does love blossom between a man and a woman, for example? Love is born out of trust. If two individuals don't trust each other, there can be no love or affection between them.Here's a Sufi story: Mullah Nasruddin was married just that morning. The same night, he and his wife were travelling in a boat across a river, along with their relatives. Suddenly, a storm broke out, making the river turbulent. The boat was rocking wildly. Everyone including the bride was full of fear. But Mullah Nasruddin remained calm. The surprised bride asked, \"Aren't you afraid?\" Mullah, without replying, took out a dagger from his waistband and raised it as though he was going to slit her throat. There was no reaction on her face. He asked, \"Are you not afraid of the dagger?\" and she said, \"The dagger could be dangerous, but the person who is holding it, is my loving husband. So i am not afraid.\" \"Exactly!\" exclaimed Mullah. \"These waves may be dangerous but Allah who is moving them is full of love. So i am not afraid!\"Mullah Nasruddin had implicit faith in Allah. Hence, he was loving and compassionate. Without love and compassion even Mullah would have trembled with fright, just like others in the boat.If we are afraid, it only means that we do not trust existence. We would have come across many who say, 'I am God-fearing!' This is nonsense. We should love God, not fear Him. It should be 'God loving', not 'God fearing'.Swami Vivekananda said, \"Be fearless. Fearlessness is the message of the Upanishads.\" Some go from one astrologer to another with their horoscopes to find out when death would strike them. To them, horoscopes are 'horrorscopes'. They are more afraid of when they would die rather than what they would do while alive. This fear could devastate them both mentally and physically.While talking about mortal fear, Rabindranath Tagore said, \"Long before you were born in this world, compassionately, God made sure that there was milk in your mother's breast. So, have faith.\"Those of you who are afraid... plan for your future; there is no harm in that. But when you fear the future, it will ruin your happiness. In order to protect your wealth, plan where to keep it safe; plan how to insure it against thefta\u00a6To live in fear, without doing any of these things is meaningless.Instead of conjuring fearful images like 'What if i fail in the examination?'- and thus spending time weakening yourself, use it fruitfully to prepare and pass the examination. Life is a series of examinations; we need to pass them with flying colours. This is a gift we can offer to God. Faith does not crave for miracles. But it often happens miraculously. Faith does not move mountains but gives the power to climb one. Help is just a prayer's length away. Good understanding is better than silver or gold. So experience the richness of love and fearlessness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168997", "title": "Air Marshal visits city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Air Marshal Rajinder Singh, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Training Command, visited the air force station in Hakimpet on Tuesday. A guard of honour was presented to the Air Marshal on his arrival followed by a hollow square where he addressed all personnel of the station.The Air Marshal also visited various sections and units and interacted with the air warriors on issues pertaining to training and gave directions on imparting quality training. The Air Marshal was accompanied by Jyoti Singh, president of the Air Force Wives' Welfare Association (regional).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12167938", "title": "Govt may give Rs 500 cr to IMC for Indore infrastructure", "text": "INDORE: Warming up for the upcoming assembly elections, the state government is all set to open its coffers for the development of Indore. The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is likely to receive a special financial package of about Rs 500 crore for infrastructure development, sanitation, health, roads and beautification works.IMC commissioner Yogendra Sharma said, \"We have prepared a two-year action plan for the development of the city. Several projects related to infrastructure, sanitation and transport are in the pipeline. We have to submit the detailed project report (DPR) of all the projects before March 15.\" He also said that the civic body took up only those projects which would directly benefit the people and which could be completed on time.\"Main thrust of the projects will be to complete it on time. The projects are such that they will not require much time for tender process and other related works,\" said Sharma adding that right now, it was at a nascent stage.The civic body has prepared projects worth more than Rs 500 crore.However, sources said that the state government had kept aside a huge fund for the urban development and a significant amount of it would be given to Indore.\"The state government has agreed to give nearly Rs 500 crore to Indore for urban development and IMC has been asked to submit DPRs before March 15. So it can be included in the current budget,\" said a source adding that fund might be released soon and it would be purely state fund. The fund is aimed at to give facelift to Indore before the next election.IMC mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that projects had been taken up to strengthen up the infrastructure of the city. \"City is growing very fast and we need to development infrastructure to keep the pace with the ongoing development,\" said Moghe.The civic body has wisely taken up the projects, which do not require removal of encroachments and land acquirements, so that it could be completed on time. The projects, which will give face lift to the city, include a 60 km link and approach roads, which will improve the connectivity within the city and reduce travel time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12173228", "title": "Intel rejected SeaMicro acquisition before AMD deal", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Corp, inflaming a long-running feud with Advanced Micro Devices Inc (AMD), said it turned down a chance to buy SeaMicro Inc before AMD agreed to acquire the startup last week.Intel decided against an acquisition because it \"wasn't impressed\" with SeaMicro's technology, Diane Bryant, who runs the data-center chip business at the Santa Clara, California-based semiconductor maker, said.The startup offered itself to multiple possible acquirers, according to Bryant, who made the comments at a San Francisco event marking the introduction of a new line of server chips. Intel dominates the market for processors that power machines in corporate networks and data centers -- an area where SeaMicro has made inroads.\"There's very few people that they didn't shop their solution to,\" she said. \"We were not impressed and declined.\"When AMD announced the acquisition last week, SeaMicro Chief Executive Officer Andrew Feldman said he had multiple offers before deciding to sell the company to AMD. He declined to identify other parties interested in a deal. SeaMicro, which currently uses Intel chips, makes so-called micro servers -- machines that handle tasks such as opening Web pages and logging on customers to their online accounts.The SeaMicro purchase will bring valuable intellectual property, said Phil Hughes , a spokesman for Sunnyvale, California-based AMD. \"With the acquisition of SeaMicro, we believe we will have the best server IP portfolio in the marketplace,\" he said.Intel, the world's largest chipmaker, rose less than 1 percent to $26.61 at the close in New York . AMD dropped 2.4 per cent to $6.90.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170165", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation may seek World Bank aid for water meter plan", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will seek funds from the World Bank and Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission to implement the water-meter scheme in the city. The civic body is working on the cost of the scheme to approach both for financing it .With the city reeling under water cuts, the civic body has decided to speed up the implementation of the water-meter scheme. It will prepare a detailed report to seek such financial aid.A senior civic official said that municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak has asked the water department to work on the details of the proposals to seek financial aid and table the plans before the new civic standing committee which will come into existence after March 16. \"Once financial institutions clear the proposal, the PMC would want to implement it within five years,\" he said.Pathak has insisted that only water meters would stop water wastage in the city. The city has problems with unequal distribution of water, with core areas receiving more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have stressed the need for metered water supply in Pune, which, according to them, will help equal distribution of water and ensure that people pay for the amount of water they use.The civic standing committee in November 2011 approved the administration's proposal of 24x7 water supply scheme. The proposal is now with the general body (GB) for final approval. The standing committee has approved an Italian consultant firm, Studio Galli Ingegneria (SGI), to implement the scheme.The firm will do a network analysis, take corrective measures like detecting leaks, carry out system rehabilitation and a water audit, see the flow measurement, ensure systems' reengineering and suggest cost-effective measures to meet the city's water demand for the next 30 years.The civic administration has repeatedly attempted to introduce a metered water billing system to calculate water tax, but elected representatives have consistently opposed it. Once again, all party leaders have hinted that they would not approve the 24x7 proposal. In this case the civic chief is likely to seek the state government's help to impose water meters in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12170474", "title": "\u2018Drunk\u2019 auto driver held, found dead four days later", "text": "MUMBAI: Mystery shrouds the death of a 42-yearold autorickshaw driver, Razak Ganni , from Trombay, whose body was discovered by police in Gamdevi on Monday morning. The deceased's family claimed that Ganni was killed in judicial custody at Byculla jail for two days last week. Ganni was sent to prison by a local court for driving in an inebriated condition. The jail authorities denied foul play and the incident is being probed by the Gamdevi police, who have registered a murder case against an unknown person.A traffic constable caught Ganni for drunk driving in Sion last Thursday morning; he was fined Rs 2,000 and his auto was taken into police custody. The officer told him that he should appear before the Kurla court the next day. The court remanded him to three days' judicial custody but what happened next is unclear. Ganni's sister-in-law , Nasreen , told TOI that when she went to the jail on Monday morning, as Ganni was to be discharged , the constable on duty told her the authorities had let him off on Saturday evening. A few hours later, Ganni's brother got a call from a police inspector telling him to come to JJ Hospital immediately. \"The police told us to identify Ganni's body and said they had found him on the street; the hospital authorities had declared him dead on arrival. They got our number from his pocket and informed us,\" said his brother, Mohd Farooquee. The family claimed the jail authorities were responsible for his death.\"Why was a man who was to be released on Monday let out on Saturday evening? They are not even willing to show us any release papers. Our brother had Rs 70 in his pocket and was unfamiliar with the island city,\" said Farooquee. Inspector-general of police (prisons) Surender Kumar said, \"Ganni was released on Saturday . We often release people on Saturday evening if they are due to be let off on Sunday morning .\" A Gamdevi police team visited the jail on Tuesday to record statements of the staff and inmates . \"There does not seem to be any involvement of the jail authorities. Other prisoners told us he suffered from fits and had an accidental fall in prison,\" said inspector S Beknalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12161416", "title": "John Carter\u2019s India connection", "text": "Walt Disney's John Carter, out March 9, has a strong Indian connect. Several Indian animation artists have tirelessly worked on the visual effects for the action spectacle, crafting and enhancing jaw-dropping fight sequences and other-worldly creatures.Director Andrew Stanton reveals, \"I do know that the VFX industry is extremely strong in India now, and growing in quantity and quality. The film benefitted greatly from sub-contracted work in India.\" Industry pundits have begun comparing this film favourably against the ground-breaking Avatar by James Cameron , who himself doesn't shy away from admitting to being inspired by the character. Cameron admits, \"With Avatar, I thought, forget all these chick flicks and do a classic guys' adventure movie, like John Carter of Mars - a soldier goes to Mars.\"Speculated to be Disney's costliest film ever, the film sees the eponymous protagonist transported to Barsoom (Mars). Taylor Kitsch, who plays John Carter, says the action sequences in the film are without parallel. He says, \"We'll take you right into Mars, and hopefully you'll feel it when we're surrounded by Tharks or when we're in the gladiator arena.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12169978", "title": "Munda asks industries to protect local interest", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand has embraced industry but entrepreneurs should also learn to reciprocate the gesture, chief minister Arjun Munda said on Tuesday while saying Tata Group's role in the development of the state has been phenomenal.The chief minister, who announced making Tata Group the long term partner in the development of the state, described Tata Sons chairman-designate Cyrus Pallonji Mistry as a dynamic industry leader. Talking to reporters on the sidelines of the inauguration of Tata Bluescope Steel company at Bara, Agrico, the chief minister said manufacturing industry was key to the growth of the state.\"Our youths constitute a large part of the manpower at present. We need to transform them into skilled resource,\" said Munda. He said people here are partners in the growth of the industry and entrepreneurs should learn to take them along the course.He said no growth was complete without people's participation. \"People should be the core of any growth story,\" said Munda.The state is gradually progressing in the direction of growth but it would take sometime for the results to be visible on the surface, he said.\"There were nine industrial training institutes (ITIs) when the state was formed. Now we have 67 ITIs and by the end of next year the state is likely to have 100 ITIs. Not only this, several industries have come up during the past one decade,\" said Munda.The chief minister urged the industry players to safeguard the ethnic identity of the locals. He said Australia which has 23 million population and rich raw minerals has progressed steadily focusing on equal opportunity to all the stakeholders.\"Similarly, Jharkhand has over 30 million population and land consisting of raw minerals and forest. We can also grow involving people in all spheres of development,\" said Munda.The state has manpower which demands adequate attention for its transformation into skilled force. \"I firmly believe if our manpower gets transformed into skilled force, possibly we would attain development relatively much earlier,\" said Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169443", "title": "\u2018MoD land claim contradictory\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has said that it is the \"sacrificial lamb'' in the Adarsh case. \"This is a conflict created by vested interests in the Union ministry of defence and their internal egos,'' senior advocate A Y Sakhare said before the judicial commission on Tuesday.\"In their pursuit of lies and one-upmanship, they found a sacrificial lamb in the state government. This can explain the haste shown by the MoD in bringing the CBI into the picture without even verifying the real status of the land.''The panel is hearing arguments on two of the 13 issues before it - who owns the land allotted to Adarsh and if it was reserved for Kargil heroes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169949", "title": "Panjab University boys violate traffic rules more than girls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to breaching traffic norms on road, Panjab University's boys outnumber girls by a substantial margin.In a joint study conducted by Panjab University's Centre for Public Health and PGI's Community Medicine Department, PGI, it was revealed that 61% PU male students violated traffic norms, but the percentage of girls was nearly half, about 37%. On the flipside, as an exception, when it comes to wearing helmet while riding two-wheelers, 64% girls never did so!In this survey conducted and presented in the 2012 science congress on campus, it was found that the most frequent offence for which campus students were nabbed was usage of cellphones. 64% such cases reported in which students were caught using mobiles, followed by crossing at wrong signal, which was true in 58% cases. Speeding (36% cases) and driving without helmet (38% cases) were other reasons for PU students being caught for violating traffic norms.The study titled \"To study awareness and practices about road safety among students of Panjab University, Chandigarh\" concluded that PU students \"have an optimal level of awareness of traffic norms\". However, certain crucial observations were made on this survey based on a structured questionnaire answered by 200 students.\"In an interesting figure revealed in the report was that 76% students could indentify all road signs shown to them during the survey. 87% male students had a valid driving licence,\" said Manoj Kumar, faculty member, PU's Centre for Public Health.The research further revealed that one-fourth of the students were unaware about the legal age of driving! The data also revealed that more number of male students were injured in road accidents than females. In the last one year, 63% male students were injured in accidents, while the number of females was 37%.Kumar, along with his students of masters in public heath including Mandeep Baweja, Rishu Soni, Amarjit conducted the research, which was instigated by World Health Organization (WHO) of research in areas of level of awareness among youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12169686", "title": "Students learn with fun at school", "text": "Vivek High School, MohaliStaff and students of the school adapted and wove a unique child friendly version of \"Hansel &amp; Gretel\", a well-known fairy tale of German origin. This was presented to the parents of pre nursery, nursery and kindergarten students. The brother and sister, Hansel and Gretel, personified by about 100 odd students, all in the age group of 3 to 5 played the characters very well in colourful outfits.Kendriya Vidyalaya, Sec 47, ChandigarhScience Day was observed in primary wing of the school with recitation of poems on importance of science in day-to-day life. Children of classes I-II were attired as various fruits and vegetables depicting their nutritive value. Working models and different science experiments were demonstrated by children as well as teachers in morning assembly. Questions related to Science were also asked. HM Laxmi Issar emphasized the importance of science for the present generation. She also urged students to keep the environment clean and maintain perfect harmony with nature.Small Wonders School, Phase VII, MohaliThe school organized a puppet show and story telling session for students. Teachers enacted the stories with the help of puppets to make it an attractive tool for learning. Story telling is an everyday activity for the children at the school. Principal Herdip Nama said story telling helps children develop language, enhance listening skills, and improve critical thinking and comprehension. At the school children are told stories about lives, where they learn about their families, the world and how they fit into it.Saupin's School, PanchkulaA maggi making activity was organized in the school for playgroup to LKG classes. The motive behind this activity was to acquaint the tiny tots with simplest method of cooking which is instant as well as easy to explain in terms of difference between raw and cooked food. In this way the tiny tots were instructed that some food needs to be cooked before eating whereas others can be eaten raw. Anne's School, MohaliAn activity was organized to enhance scientific awareness among youths and highlight contributions made by Indian scientists. The programme started with the poster-making and essay writing contest on the subject \"Chemistry in our lives\". A quiz on the above theme was also organized along with inter-class competitions on themes like healthy diet, pure water, sanitation and preserving biodiversity.Saupin's School, ChandigarhNurturing values of healthy food habits the LKG wing, the school conducted an educational session to promote awareness among young kids to eat healthy and nutritious food. Children were introduced to salad made with sprouts and were told about the facts of eating right and avoiding junk food as far as possible. Enthusiastic parents came forward to join hands with teachers in making sprout salad which was very educative for the little ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169428", "title": "DPS Dwarka wins kudos at summit", "text": "NEW DELHI: DPS Dwarka has been declared as the 'most innovative K-12 school' at the International Summit on School and Higher Education-Concern 2012-held recently in the city. The summit was organized by ASSOCHAM and Bal Bharti Academy. DPS Dwarka's principal Sunita Tanwar has been conferred with 'Inspiring Educationist for Indian Tradition and Culture' award for her contribution in the field of education. The institute is committed to shaping well-rounded personalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12169865", "title": "Student, girlfriend arrested for smut clip", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A 22-year-old student and his girlfriend, with whom he was living together, were arrested and sent to judicial custody in Lohardaga on Monday for allegedly making an obscene video involving them and circulating it through MMS.Following a tip-off, Town police arrested intermediate student of Kisko Inter College, Vinod Asur, and his friend from Raghunandan Lane area. The duo were staying together in a rented house at Madhuban area in town and were caught with the obscene video CD. The boy belongs to the near-extinct primitive Asur tribe.\"Police raided the house, nabbed the two and seized a VCD from them on Sunday. They admitted their crime and were forwarded to judicial custody on Monday,\" said SP Jitendra Kumar Singh. Since there was no complainant, the Town police lodged an FIR on their own.Local people are talking of seven obscene video clips on their mobiles. Of them, two were brought to the notice of police. In one of the clips, Vinod and his girl friend were involved and a young sportsperson had a hand in the other.Police sources said the sportsperson had already been interrogated. He is reported to be absconding now and raids are on to locate him. \"We are on the lookout for more such mischief-mongers,\" the SP said adding that no details of this case could be made public unless police arrive at a conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170026", "title": "Zero-garbage project to begin from April", "text": "PUNE: The zero garbage project will begin in the city from April. This was announced at a workshop on how to make Pune a zero garbage city under the leadership of MP Supriya Sule on Tuesday. Newly-elected NCP corporators and NGOs involved in garbage-related work took part in the workshop which was organised by the PMC and Yashwantrao Chavan Pratishthan.Sule said that the city's garbage problem was acquiring gigantic proportions. \"It is our collective responsibility to take concrete steps to get rid of the garbage problem. The aim of the zero garbage project is to achieve the goal when there will be no need of sending garbage outside the city limits for dumping,\" Sule said.Suresh Jagtap, PMC's officer in charge of solid waste management, stressed the need to increase garbage lifting frequency in some areas due to high waste generation. Another PMC official Pramod Yadav underlined the importance of segregating garbage at source.Satish Magar, president Credai, Pune and developer of Magarpatta City, said that garbage generated within the Magarpatta township was managed within itself. Malati Gadgil of Swach emphasised on building confidence among people for creating a zero garbage city.All present at the workshop took an oath to make city garbage-free.Former-corporator Nilesh Nikam will coordinate the zero garbage project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168585", "title": "Jadavpur University to change selection process of teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: Treading in the footsteps of Presidency University, Jadavpur University (JU) is likely to ask applicants to submit research papers and publications in journals along with statements on teaching experience for faculty jobs.The proposal to amend JU's recruitment policy will be placed before the university's executive council on Wednesday for approval.\"Assessing a teacher's ability is not like selecting a T20 cricket team, which can be done instantly and within a few minutes of an interview session. The interviewer cannot judge the applicants' merit within the timeframe. Academic achievements are not reflected through interviews. Thus, quantification of achievements is necessary. This is the reason behind introducing a specific weight for each category,\" said a member of JU's executive council - the university's highest decision-making body.\"A candidate's qualification, research papers, publications in journals, teaching hours put in will be key considerations for recruitment apart from the interview. A candidate will be assessed on a scale of 100 marks or a 10-point grade,\" he added.JU authorities feel a uniform system has to be developed for fair assessment of applicants. \"Some applicants have academic qualifications and a greater number of years in teaching while some others have experience in industry. Till now, there was no method to equate the two. Dissimilarities cannot be judged without a proper scale,\" the EC member said.JU authorities also believe that if interviewers are guided by a transparent scale, then rejected candidates can be explained the reason why they could not make it. \"The executive council is no longer the appointing body of teachers. Henceforth, all appointments are to be made by the vice-chancellor in consultation with the chancellor. If a candidate is judged on a uniform scale, then the VC can justify the reason for intake. Thus, in case of any legal challenge by a rejected candidate, there will be an evaluation card to prove his or her performance,\" he added.\"The four broad categories on which a candidate may be judged on 100 marks or a 10 point grade are academic background, research, teaching experience along with interviewsThe University Grants Commission (UGC) has also framed rules and regulations for recruiting teachers which, though, are not binding on the university. But they will be followed while framing our own rules. This has been done in view of the changing trends and to keep up with the times,\" added a senior university authority.Earlier, Presidency University had sought candidates' research papers and details of teaching background to make their recruitments more transparent. \"The potential of an applicant can be judged better if there are inputs on these two. So, we had included the criterion in our selection process,\" said Presidency University VC Malabika Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169937", "title": "8 SAD-BJP ministers bite the dust", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite an impressive win by SAD-BJP alliance, and a mandate to continue for the next five years, the dampner for the incumbent government, came in the form of eight of its cabinet ministers biting the dust, while one barely managed to win. The assembly speaker Nirmal Singh Kahlon also lost, taking the tally to nine.R S Brahmpura, Bibi Upinderjit Kaur, Sucha Singh Langah, Sewa Singh Sekhwan, and Hira Singh Gabria lost their electoral battles in the SAD camp, while in BJP, Tikshan Sud, Arunesh Shakar and Satpal Gosain could not make it to the assembly. CM Parkash Singh Badal's son in law Adeish Pratap singh Kairon barely managed to retain with a narrow margin of 45 seats.On the other hand, many old warhorses of the SAD camp staged a comeback- Jathedar Tota Singh, Charanjit Singh Atwal, Sikander Singh Malooka and Bibi Jagir Kaur, who have held cabinet positions in the past. They may be inducted in the new cabinet as well. Amongst all the past cabinet members, SAD president Sukhbir Badal's brother in law, Bikram Majithia's-- who had given up his cabinet post for Sukhbir's induction in January 2009-position to reclaim a berth has become the strongest, with his winning his elections with the second highest margin after Sukhbir. Majithia is also the president of the Youth Akali Dal.In the BJP camp, only one cabinet member, Surjit Kumar Jiyani managed to retain his seat. Health minister Satpal Gosain lost his seat in Ludhiana. Laxmi Kanta Chawla did not contest this time, and another former cabinet member, Master Mohan Lal was denied the ticket, but one of the dropped ministers Manoranjan Kalia managed to win back his seat this time. With a resurgent BJP coming back in full steam, he is likely to demand his pound his flesh in the new cabinet.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172646", "title": "Kajal\u2019s two states", "text": "Kajal Aggarwal just seems to have found the happy knack of being there in the right movie at the right time.Her last release in Tollywood, the Mahesh Babu-starrer Businessman has been a smashing success and the actress' stocks are headed northwards.Distributors are cashing in on her popularity by bidding for the dubbing rights of her Tamil releases. Her Maattrraan will also now release in Telugu as Duplicate! Her 2009 flick, Modhi Vilayadu, in which she's paired opposite Vinay, is being released in Telugu as Benami - Vela Kotlu.\"The film has all the commercial elements that we expect from a typical masala flick. It is laced with comedy and hopefully it will be appreciated by the audience,\" says producer VSS Babji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170447", "title": "SP also sweeps reserved assembly constituencies", "text": "LUCKNOW: The SP also swept the reserved assembly constituencies for SCs winning more than half of them way ahead of BSP that is actually known for its Dalit base. Of the total 84 reserved constituencies, SP won 54, while BSP could win only 17. Congress got four, BJP three, RLD two and others took the rest. This shows that the SP not only got the support of Muslims and backward classes but also of Dalits. In fact, in a reserved constituency, parties face real test of their support since every party puts up Dalit candidates that splits the votes. The one having more support of other castes and communities wins eventually.In 2007,BSP had won 62 out of total 89 reserved constituency, SP 13, BJP seven, Congress five, RLD and Rashtriya Swabhiman Party (RPS) one each. A look at BSP's performance makes it clear that the party has not been impressive in reserved constituencies. But this time it was less than expectations.Sample this: In 1993, out of total 88 assembly constituencies reserved for Dalits, BJP grabbed 38 followed by BSP and SP with 23 each and four others. In 1996, again BJP was top runner with 36 seats followed by BSP with 20, SP 18, Congress four, and 11 others. The scene in 2002 changed with SP grabbing maximum 35 seats followed by BSP with 24, BJP 18 and others 11. The results of the 17 reserved constituencies in Lok Sabha is also more or less the same. In 1999, BSP won five seats.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169257", "title": "Green takes lead in riot of colours", "text": "MUMBAI: Don't forget \"green\" as you paint the town with vibrant hues on Holi. This is the message that the pollution board is trying to get across, urging residents not to celebrate with chemical colours.As part of its campaign for an eco-friendly carnival, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board has sent over 1 crore text messages to Mumbaikars, appealing them to use natural colours and less water. \"Our campaign through cellphones, TV, radio as well as the screens on buses and trains seems to have clicked,\" said Sanjay Bhuskute, spokesperson for MPCB. Citing \"huge response\" this time, he added that they had been receiving calls from citizens, asking them about shops from where they could buy eco-friendly colours. Environment secretary Valsa Nair Singh said at the MPCB stall in Mantralaya, the natural colours flew off the shelves so fast that many had to be turned away because of shortage.Residents of Panchaganga Cooperative Housing Society at Pratiksha Nagar in Sion have together bought natural gulal and colours, made by the inmates of Yerawada Jail in Pune, by spending Rs 3,000. The residents have unanimously decided to stay away from synthetic colours.\"Holi will be much safer in absence of chemically-mixed colours,\" said Parbat Patel, whose stays in the housing society.Even the cultural association of Pride Park Cooperative Housing Society on Ghodbunder Road in Thane is bearing the expenses of natural colour that will be distributed among the 400 families there, to encourage them in giving up artificial colours. \"We have instructed all residents not to use synthetic colour. We have also told children not to play with water balloons, to avoid plastic waste. This initiative, we hope, will make organic colours a trend,\" said Narendra Toke, a resident of Pride Park.It's not only these two housing societies that are going green this Holi. Several housing societies as well as individuals in Mumbai have been promoting the use of natural colours.\"Information from distributors and the record of our promotional selling suggest that over 22 housing societies have bought eco-friendly colours. They have also urged for restricted use of water to avoid shortage in summer,\" said MPCB's Bhuskute. He added that the demand had shot up five times this year than that last time. \"In 2011, 2,000 kg natural colour was sold in Mumbai, while till today, the figure record is 11,000 kg this time. The supply is falling short. In 2010, only 500 kg sold,\" Bhuskute added.Some residents are also taking the pain of making gulals themselves. Aashit Mulgaonkar, a resident of Goregaon, is one such enthusiastwho has bought turmuric powder, vegetables like beetroot and spinach to prepare the colours. \"I will crush marigold and palash flowers to add fragrance to the colours,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12169770", "title": "Missing student's body found", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Police on Tuesday recovered the body of Class IX student Randhir Kumar (14), form Polpol village in Sadar block.\"Kumar, a student of Guru Gobind Singh High School, Jamooney, was missing since March 2,\" said his father Binod Ram, who is an employee of BSNL .Palamu SP A T Mathew said the killers crushed the face of the boy beyond recognition and even took off his clothes, which police recovered 4km away from where the body was found. Police have arrested six persons.According to Mathew, the boy was eliminated on March 2 itself as the body was lying in a decomposed state.Police have seized the bike used in this crime, belonging to Umakant.Mathew said the police have recovered the cell phones in possession of the deceased too. Call details will now be investigated. tnnPolice said on the day of Saraswati Puja, the boy had a tiff with the two other boys who were brothers. Umakant and Srikant lived at Rajwadeeh, where the deceased also lived.On March 2, the boy was at home and Umakant and Srikant and two others came to him on a bike promising to give a pistol to the boy. Randhir was tempted to go out with them but did not return after that. No ransom was ever demanded. \"The two brothers, in order to dodge the police, participated in a road jam demanding Randhir's recovery recently,\" said the SP. Police then arrested the duo and on interrogation they cracked and led the police to the place where the body was abandoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12168807", "title": "Travelling with cash? Beware of cops!", "text": "NIZAMABAD: In a curious scenario, small traders and commoners are facing music from police for carrying money and ornaments ahead of the Kamareddy by-elections.While top police officials claim that they are strictly following the instructions of the Election Commission , people, especially small businessmen, are facing difficulties following restrictions on carrying money and gold and silver ornaments.Though police have seized Rs 1 crore cash and 30 kgs of silver ornaments from various check posts, neither was a political leader arrested nor were the seized valuables found to belong to any political party. According to police records, cash of Rs 75 lakh was seized from a person belonging to Maharashtra at Kamareddy on February 22 and Rs 14 lakh was recovered from one Gouraiah at the Machareddy check-post on February 27. Gouraiah, a native of Potangal village of Mustabad mandal of Karimnagar district was proceeding towards Nizamabad for registration of his land when cops stopped him.On Sunday, Dichpalli police seized 30 kg silver at Gannaram check-post. Kamarreddy-based silver merchant Bhemaiah was carrying silver after collecting it ar Armoor, Nirmal of Adilabad and Nanded of Maharastra. Cops did not spare the businessman even though he showed them purchase receipts. An amount of Rs 10 lakh was recovered during vehicle checking at the housing board area in Kamareddy town on Monday evening. Paatha Bhairaiah, a resident of Kamareddy town was carrying the money which he got through the sale of his house in Hyderabad.Another Rs 4.12 lakh cash was seized at Gannaram. Four youths were proceeding towards Hyderabad from Metpalli of Karimnagar to purchase a second hand car. Wholesale oil trader Gangadhar criticised police for not checking the vehicles of political leaders who are most likely to carry huge quantities of cash.People, especially small businessmen, are facing difficulties following restrictions on carrying money and gold and silver ornaments in view of bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170083", "title": "State to set up agri export units in Pune, Satara, Nashik", "text": "PUNE: The state government is setting up three export facility centres at a cost of Rs 174.43 crore to cater to the needs of farmers who cultivate roses, grapes, onions and other agricultural commodities.The processing facilities will come up at Talegaon Dabhade in Pune, Chandwad in Nashik and at Mhaswad in Satara, said a statement issued by the Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board (MSAMB).The Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA) and the MSAMB have signed a memorandum of understanding to develop these centres.Out of the total investment, 75% would come from APEDA, while the rest would come from the state government, the statement says.The Union government's recent announcement to promote export of vegetables underlined the need for supporting infrastructure also.It will be met through the export facility centres, where vegetables will be processed to increase their shelf life.As per the Union government's estimate, vegetable export to EU countries is a Rs 2,000-crore business and, if tapped, it would be a major source of income for farmers.In Maharashtra, the existing export processing centre is at Vashi, near Mumbai. The farming community in the state has been demanding more export facilities for a long time.Maharashtra is a leading producer of grapes, onions, roses and other exportable flowers. The grape export from the state is nearly 25,000 tonne, mainly to the European Union , and around 30,000 tonne to the east Asian countries.Nashik, Pune, Satara and Latur are major onion growing districts in the state.Out of the country's total onion production, 95% is grown in Maharashtra.Mhaswad centreCost: Rs 29.89 croreFacility: Chilling plant of 5 tonne capacity and cold storage of 25 tonneFor: Pomegranate, grapes and vegetablesTalegao Dabhade centreCost: Rs 71.6 croreFacility: Chilling plant of 5 tonne capacity and cold storage of 25 tonne and flower packing machineryFor: Onion, grapes, rose, carnation, lilium, etcChandwad centreCost: Rs 73.03 croreFacility: Chilling plant of 5 tonne capacity and cold storage of 25 tonne; onion processing centre with a capacity of 10 tonne per hour; a 500-tonne capacity onion chawlFor: Onion, pomegranate, grapes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169659", "title": "Electorate shuns politics of populism", "text": "LUCKNOW: If there is one underlying message in 'Verdict 2012', it is that the electorate has soundly rejected the politics of populism and appeasement. The biggest setback, of course, has been suffered by the BSP, but the results could not but have been deeply disappointing for the Congress and the BJP as well.The Congress' desperate attempts top woo Muslims by promising a job quota for the community was rejected by the minorities who saw through the ploy. What is most embarrassing for the Congress is that it even failed to retain the Gandhis' pocket boroughs in Rae Bareli and Sultanpur districts. Rahul and Priyanka Gandhi's campaigns here have, shockingly for the Congress, failed to move the electorate that had remained loyal to the first family even in times of great adversities.The BJP's tactics, too, bombed. It brought in Uma Bharati and inducted the discredited and expelled BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha to woo the backward classes, but the latter were not impressed. As for Mayawati, the stunning defeat of her party has not only come as a surprise to even her detractors, it seems to have far-reaching implications for the party's future. Preliminary analyses based on available information throws up an alarming picture: the BSP lost 27 per cent Jatav votes, 40 per cent of Balmiki votes and 17 per cent of other Dalit sub-castes. The erosion is a major cause of worry for her.Mayawati won the 2007 polls with a clear mandate. However, her rule attracted considerable controversy. Her actions, such as pulling down a stadium in Gomati Nagar and a government residential colony in Parikalpa Nagar on the way to Amausi airport to install statues and build monuments to Dalit icons evoked widespread criticism. The most bizarre act of Mayawati was to erect her own statues. This has no parallel. Mayawati defended her action by arguing that it was necessary to show respect to Dalit icons who were denied their dues by society. But while professing to champion the cause of Dalits and the poor, Mayawati herself amassed wealth and today she is one of the richest politicians in the country. Her net worth stands at over Rs 87.27 crore as per the affidavit filed by her before the Election Commission in the last election. The increase in her personal wealth is publicly perceived as personal aggrandizement.To the public mind, her five-year rule has been marked by rampant corruption. This was evident by the fact that she had herself sacked over 30 of her 54 ministers on charges of corruption, non-performance and criminal activities. Her style of functioning also attracted criticism. She discontinued the practice of holding Janata Darbars. The 150-odd cabinet meetings she held in the five years were mere formalities lasting not more than twenty to thirty minutes. Her link to the bureaucracy and even ministerial colleagues was cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh who wielded unbridled powers. Her fifth floor secretariat was out of bounds to even officers of the rank of special secretary without prior permission.Mayawati thus became inaccessible and failed to gauge popular public mood. She failed to realise that all chief ministers who have been re-elected in the country over the last 15 years have had solid reasons for being voted back to power. The examples of this are chief ministers of various states like Raman Singh in Chattisgarh, Shivraj Singh in Madhya Pradesh, Narendra Modi in Gujarat, Nitish Kumar in Bihar, Navin Kumar Patnaik in Orissa, Sheila Dixit in Delhi and Tarun Gogoi in Assam. Governance and development have been the best ways to beat anti-incumbency and on both fronts, she proved to be a failure.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12170068", "title": "Mumbai woman asks cops about FIR against actress, thrown into lock-up", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court directed the Maharashtra government to pay Rs 2.75 lakh compensation to a woman living in south Mumbai. Three years ago, Veena Sippy, 49, was thrown in a police lock-up for inquiring about the status of a complaint she had filed against her neighbour, a Bollywood actress.\"The illegal detention of a woman in the Azad Maidan police lock up in this fashion shocks the conscience of this court,\" said a division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice A V Potdar. Sippy is a resident of Bhulabhai Desai Road. The court said her illegal detention in April 2008 was \"highhanded\" and \"unlawful\". \"This is a case of not only gross breach of the directions issued by the Supreme Court, but (also) a gross and flagrant violation of the fundamental right of life and liberty,\" judges said.The court ordered the state to pay her Rs 2.5 lakh as compensation for illegal detention and Rs 25,000 for legal costs incurred by Sippy. She had argued the case in person and had to attend the court 22 times. The court said the state could recover the money from three police officers - assistant commissioner Shyam Chavan, senior inspector Narayan Dumbre and sub-inspector M B Waghmare. The court allowed Sippy to file a civil case claiming damages.Sippy stays in a sea-facing flat in Shyam Niwas building near Breach Candy. She said she had suffered physically, mentally and financially, and her image was tarnished.Sippy's trouble began on April 4, 2008 when she went to Gamdevi police station to complain against actress Aarti Chhabria, her neighbour. Chhabria had allegedly assaulted and abused her. The actress also lodged a complaint against Sippy.Later, she was arrested for using abusive words and breach of peace under the Bombay Police Act.Sippy was sent to the women's lock-up at Azad Maidan police station for the night. She pleaded with the police to inform her mother but they ignored, she claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12173179", "title": "HC quashes FIR against Yeddyurappa in illegal mining case", "text": "BANGALORE: In a big relief to state BJP strongman BS Yeddyurappa, Karnataka high court on Wednesday quashed an FIR against him in an illegal mining case based on the Lokayukta report that had caused his exit as chief minister.A division bench comprising justices Bhakstavatsala and Govindaraju passed the order allowing an application filed by Yeddyurappa challenging the Lokayukta police FIR and also governor HR Bhardwaj's action directing Lokayukta to initiate criminal proceedings against him in August last. Yeddyurappa's contention that proceedings were launched against him without giving him an opportunity to explain was upheld by the court.The verdict comes a major morale booster to Yeddyurappa, who had quit the chief minister's post in the wake of his indictment by Lokayukta report on illegal mining submitted on July 27 by the then anti-corruption ombudsman Santosh Hegde.BJP central leadership had forced Yeddyurappa to quit on July 31 last in the wake of the Lokayukta findings.The report had cited receipt of a Rs 10 crore donation from South West Mining Company to the Prerana Trust owned and managed by Yeddyurpapa's family and another Rs 20 crore paid for purchase of 1.02 acres in Rachenahalli by the mining firm. Hegde in his report had observed that these payments were made to Prerana Trust in anticipation of getting some favours by the mining company, a charge Yeddyurappa had rejected.Sandeep Patil, counsel for Yeddyurappa, welcomed the order and said it was a major victory for him as he had quit chief ministership on the basis of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168860", "title": "Home guard climbs down AIR tower", "text": "HYDERABAD: After putting police on tenterhooks for over 36 hours, former home guard Rambabu, who scaled the radio tower on AIR premises in Basheerbagh demanding his reinstatement, descended from the tower on Tuesday night.Till late in the evening, the Saifabad police tried various means to make Rambabu get down from the tower, but failed. They even made Rambabu talk to his aged parents, who came all the way from Warangal, and promised to do 'something' if he calls off the protest.However, Rambabu was not the easy one to get fooled and he made it clear to officials that unless he gets an assurance from top officials he would continue the protest.The Saifabad police said Rambabu cannot be taken into home guard service as his height was far below the standard requirement. \"Since morning, police kept sending him food and water. Finally at about 7.30 pm, Rambabu was assured by senior officers and MLA Kishan Reddy, who happens to be the honorary president of AP Home Guards Association that he would be provided a suitable alternative job. Obliging to their request, he called off the protest,\" a Saifabad police officer said. Police have not booked any case against Rambabu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12168437", "title": "Here, Brahmins roll on plantain leaves", "text": "TUMKUR: This is something that will perplex opponents of the infamous 'Made Snana' ritual, which is facing a ban in Karnataka. For, in this case, the ritual can't be viewed as an atrocity against dalits going by the way it is held in Beteraya Swamy temple at Turuvekere in Tumkur district. Here, Brahmins roll on plantain leaves with leftovers of meals served to dalits.Usually, the ritual in Kukke Subramanya and other temples has lower caste people roll over leaves in which Brahmins have their meals. While the ritual is practised mainly in Naga temples across the state, in Turuvekere, it happens in a Vishnu temple on March 6 every year.The ritual has been on at Beteraya temple, which is under the muzrai department, for over 400 years now and attracts Brahmins from all over the state. 'Made Snana' is a 'harake' (an offering made for a wish). In this case, the offering is to roll on leftovers of food consumed by dalits. It is also believed that the ritual helps in curing skin diseases.Several women and children were among the 600 Brahmins who took part in the ritual on Tuesday. \"Good things have happened to me due to Made Snana. I wanted to be part of the ritual,\" said Ravi Narayan, one of the participants. \"We wait till dalits finish their meals on the temple premises and later roll on the plantain leaves,\" he added.500-year-old legendFive hundred years ago, a priest dreamt of requesting Lord Vishnu to allow Made Snana to be held in the area so that people needn't go as far as Kukke temple. The Lord then set the condition that if it has to be done, Brahmins must roll on leaves left over by dalits. From that day, this ritual is practised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12168853", "title": "Tamil Nadu-like 2-party contests come to stay in UP?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh took a firm course towards Tamil Nadu, with SP's triumph confirming that the state has moved towards bipolarity, first hinted at by Mayawati's sweep in 2007. For the state that has been a three-way contest in post-Babri scenario, with decent share among SP, BSP and BJP, the last two polls have snuffed out marginal forces to make it a direct fight between the dominant poles. Since BJP's meltdown in 2002, battlelines has been drawn between SP and BSP. Mandate 2012's critical message seems UP's drift towards strong bipolarity, which doesn't augur well for both BJP and Congress, who have felt that a revival there could lift their central ambitions for 2014.While Mayawati's massive victory in 2007 did indicate a TN-like trend, the discontent against her this time raised hopes among national parties. It was felt that Mulayam Singh Yadav's \"misrule\" and \"goonda raj\" of 2003-07 was too recent for voters to again plump for him while looking to vent ire against Mayawati's corruption. The Congress performance in 2009 LS polls, where it had won 21 seats, fed the perception that UP could be making a break from its traditional matrix.But the results have put paid to those hopes, with Congress and BJP falling by the wayside while SP notched a victory surpassing the saffron win in the 'Ayodhya election' of 1991. Observers say the TN-like situation is not reflected just in voters switching sides, but in their compulsively backing the principal opposition despite lack of difference among rivals on issues of probity and governance. Anger seems the key emotion that guided the voting pattern.Significantly, SP and BSP may have set their bottomlines. In 2007, SP, in its worst moment, had dropped to 89 seats as BSP rose to 207. In a role reversal, Mayawati's drubbing would still give her 80-odd seats. These are signs of 'pendulum politics' a la Tamil Nadu.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12169566", "title": "All for a glimpse of the Attukal Bhagavathy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city looked reddish brown Tuesday. Its footpaths, roads and courtyards had the same dreary look. Hopefully, the flames from umpteen hearths that will be set up here on the morrow will brighten things up. Earthen pot wares and bricks have been piled up along the streets to serve the lakhs of women devotees who will throng the city to offer pongala to their beloved Attukal Amma on Wednesday.The Attukal Bhagavathy Temple ground has already been submerged by a sea of women. The average waiting time in the long queue to get a glimpse of the Goddess was three hours on Tuesday evening. \"Tomorrow, it will be five or six hours,'' said a policeman on duty.There are women who drag themselves out on all fours out of the railings erected by police to control the rush after waiting for long. Remani Devi and a couple of her relatives gave up after waiting for an hour and-a-half. \"I couldn't wait in that crowd for another moment. The three of us had started feeling giddy,\" she said.\"It's true. Sometimes women faint. Sometimes they trip and fall,\" said Lathika.The front of the auditorium was dotted with women who have come from even beyond the state borders to offer pongala. They either wrap their heads with a white thorthu or take shelter under an umbrella to beat the heat.Among the crowd was a quiet old woman who didn't seem to mind the sun. She sat inside a circle of bricks with her belongings dumped by her side. Rajalekshmi Amma and her daughter had caught the 4.30am bus from Punalur in order to reserve a place in the temple premises. \"I have offered pongala at least 15 times. The Goddess has always heard my prayers and this wait is no agony for me,\" she said smiling.There are vendors here who sell grams, peanuts, popcorn, bangles, earrings, pots and bricks. Isaki Thoran, a peanut vendor, has been frequenting the pongala for the last 25 years. For Thankachan, a bricks vendor, the story has been no different. \"There is always somebody who needs bricks,\" he says. He charges Rs10 for a brick.As we were standing there, an ambulance tore through the busy ground and screeched to a halt before the stalls set up by the Attukal Hospital for medical help. Suneetha Radhakrishnan, PRO, Attukal Hospital said at least 50 to 80 women had sought medical help for headache, high blood pressure and first aid in the last two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "12169996", "title": "Maharathy may move court against Punia's remarks on Pipili 'gang rape'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: Pipili MLA and former agriculture minister Pradip Maharathy on Tuesday said he might move court against chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) P L Punia, who on Monday accused the former of shielding the accused in the alleged rape of a Dalit girl in Pipili in November 2011. \"I am planning to file a defamation case against the NCSC chairman for his remarks against me. I am consulting my lawyers,\" Maharathy told the media.Punia, while addressing reporters, had told: \"Maharathy was an equal partner in the crime. He should be arrested and put behind the bars.\" On January 27, 2012, Maharathy's wife Prativa had filed a damage suit of Rs 10 crore against an Odia newspaper and news channel at a court in Puri to vindicate her husband's image saying he was falsely implicated and defamed in the alleged gang rape. \"Just as I filed the case against the newspaper, I could also file the case against Punia,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Crime Branch, probing the Pipili gang rape will file the chargesheet very soon, the crime branch authorities told the Orissa High Court on Tuesday. The Crime Branch also submitted a status report on the investigation in a sealed cover to the court.The Crime Branch counsel told the division bench of Chief Justice V. Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra that the investigation is in its last leg and they would soon file a chargesheet. \"The crime branch on Tuesday informed that they have almost completed the investigation and will file the chargesheet very soon,\" said Prabir Das, a petitioner.Similarly, the superintendent of SCB Medical College and Hospital also filed a status report on the health condition of the 19-year-old victim. The hospital authorities informed the court that there is no significant improvement in her health.However, all her vital organs are functioning properly and her blood pressure is normal. The report stated that her respiration is normal and the bed sore developed on her scalp is healing. However, the victim continues to suffer from fever.The high court is monitoring the health condition of the victim on a regular basis in the wake of a PIL filed by human rights activist Prabir Das seeking proper medical treatment and justice for the victim. The high court has fixed the next date of hearing of the case after two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169977", "title": "No receipt means no damages: Forum", "text": "CHANDIGARH: District consumer forum, Chandigarh, has ruled that if a consumer does not take bill while purchasing a bottle of cold drink, he cannot claim damages in case any insect is found in bottle. The ruling was held by the district consumer forum-II, Chandigarh, while dismissing a complaint filed by a Sector 14 resident Baljinder Singh against a cold drink supplier.The complainant had purchased a cold drink bottle from a wine shop near Hallomajra and found a dead honeybee in the sealed bottle. According to Baljinder, he immediately brought it to the knowledge of the supplier, but he refused to address the issue.As a result a complaint was filed before the consumer court alleging that selling of such a product is harmful to the health of the consumer and amounts to deficiency in service. Contesting the complaint, respondents pleaded that the complainant had not placed on record any bill to prove that he had purchased the bottle from the said vendor. After hearing both parties, the consumer forum held that in the absence of any bill, the relationship of 'consumer' and 'supplier' was not established. and the opposite party could not be fined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172879", "title": "Rehan feels lucky", "text": "Actor Rehan Sayed on his first award and show NavyaSiddharth Kumar Tewary's show Navya on Star Plus is one show where one can see a highly talented and young cast. Apart from Shaheer Shaikh and Soumya Seth, there is also one young actor for whom Navya is the first fiction show. We are talking about Rehan Sayed who plays the role of young Ranvir (best friend of Anant).\"Last year, I got my first award in my career for Navya. I consider myself very lucky to be part of this show. I feel the youthfulness of the show is the USP of the show, and I am thankful to be given a chance to work in Navya,\" says Rehan.He adds, \"Now Navya has been moved to the 6 pm slot, and we are all putting our best to make this slot a good one for the show.\"As the show is now revolving around Anant and Navya's newly married life, the friends of the couple will also play an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169766", "title": "Voters reject Shabnam Mausi", "text": "KANPUR: The first eunuch MLA of the country, Shabnam Mausi, who had won as an Independent candidate from Suhagpur Assembly constituency in Shahdol district of Madhya Pradesh in 2000, failed to repeat the feat in the Assembly elections here.Shabnam Mausi, who contested 2012 Assembly elections from Cantt assembly seat under the banner of Rashtriya Viklang Party (RVP) could manage to get only 118 votes and lost the security deposit.Shabnam Mausi's agenda included fighting corruption and unemployment, poverty and hunger. But the voters of Cantt Assembly constituency voted BJP's Raghunandan Bhadauria.Muslim votes in the constituency were divided between Mohammad Hasan Roomi of SP, Abdul Mannan of Congress and Sohil Ansari. This proved advantageous for Bhadauria. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169725", "title": "'Be active agents of change'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A farewell party was organized by the bachelor of arts (second year) at Post-Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 11, for the outgoing third year students on Tuesday.The college was abuzz with colour and cheer as the outgoing students were not only thrilled but also nostalgic, recalling their stay in the college. The highlight of the function was a ramp show presented by students wearing glittering dresses and displaying talent.The final year students were seen interacting with the teachers and seeking final guidance for their career and future life. The second year students were observed taking tips for bettering their performance in the forthcoming exams from their seniors.Addressing the students, Achla Dogra, principal of the college, motivated them to be active agents of social change. \"Girls have a more significant role to play in today's competitive world as they have a wider spectrum of career choices,\" added Dogra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169164", "title": "Commandant, four cops found guilty in home guards' salary embezzlement scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: The probe into the home guards' salary embezzlement scam has revealed that Rs 7.95 lakh was siphoned off by five police personnel, including home guard commandant J Krishnaiah.The detailed inquiry report has been sent to the director-general of police (DGP) by Hyderabad police commissioner A K Khan on Tuesday. On February 24, reserve inspector Bal Reddy posted at the city home guard commandant's office in Purani Haveli lodged a complaint with the Mirchowk police alleging embezzlement of salaries of home guards. After the preliminary probe, police booked criminal cases against constable A Vinay Kumar , who was a writer at the commandant's office and launched a man-hunt to nab him. Subsequently, the inquiry was entrusted to Mirchowk ACP M Kistaiah. During the probe, police found out that in addition to Vinay Kumar, two other constables, A Prashant, R Sairam, who also work as writers at the commandant's office, had a role in the scam and the whole fraud was executed under the supervision of commandant J Krishnaiah.Sources revealed that cashing in on loopholes in the salary drawing mechanism of the home guards, Krishnaiah directed the constables to create double pay bills (one from the headquarters and the second from concerned police station) where they were working.\"At the time of transfers, home guards leave their ATM cards with writers and using the pay slips generated against individuals, they withdrew lakhs of rupees in seven months,\" a source said.All the erring constables are in police custody. During interrogation, they reportedly told officials that 90% of the siphoned off amount was taken by the commandant.According to the sources, the commandant used to give only Rs 3,000 every month to the four constables and retain the remaining amount. \"Of the Rs 7.95 lakh embezzled amount, the four constables got only Rs 84,000 in seven months and the commandant kept the remaining Rs 7.11 lakh for himself. The detailed report has been sent to the DGP's office for necessary action,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167823", "title": "Jeep knocks 16-year-old youth to death in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A speeding jeep knocked 16-year-old youth to death near Ravindra Bhavan in the city on Monday.The deceased, Sunil, was a resident of Banganga locality. The incident took place while he and his friend Hariom were going to the Ranvindra Bhavan side. A speeding jeep ran over him from behind.The victim sustained grievous injuries in the mishap and was declared dead on being taken to the hospital, the police added. Later, the body was handed over to the family members after the autopsy. The Shyamla Hills police have registered a case against unidentified driver of the jeep in the incident.Officials said probe is on. There were no reports any arrest till the filing of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12170246", "title": "Tennis makes way for talkies", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The civic body has decided to cancel the licence issued to the District Lawn Tennis Association to use 35 cents of corporation land for tournaments.The land, on the western side of Kozhikode Corporation Stadium, was given to the association in 1982 without any fee to conduct matches.The decision was taken in view of the public interest and the exorbitant price of the land. An opinion from the corporation lawyer on the move was also sought. The corporation is keen to avoid legal hassles in future as it plans to lease the land to other private parties till the work of grand stand pavilion is completed.Though the civic body had taken back the land from the association in 1991 to conduct exhibitions, the association had moved the munsiff court and later the district court. The district court had allowed the association to carry on with their activities. But then civic body moved the high court against the judgment in 1998. The court upheld the decision of district court stating that civic body had not revoked the licence given to the association.But the association has not been using the land to conduct matches since 1991. Kozhikode corporation secretary Adv M Kunhimohammed said the move to cancel the licence was taken as the term period of licence is over. \"We have already got approval of the corporation council to cancel the license and a notice has been issued to the association,'' said the secretary.The civic body has also obtained permission from the HC to give the land on lease to Ganga Movies to screen films till the works on grand stand pavilion is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169273", "title": "Dream homes on Mahi river front", "text": "VADODARA: Swimming in their own sprawling pool or having a cuppa of tea in lush green lawns as waters of river Mahi flow by seems to have captured the imagination of Barodians. The banks of Mahi that is also a major source of drinking water supply to the city are now dotted with plush bungalows and farmhouses.Thanks to the shortage of land and rising prices of real-estate prices in the city, Barodians are flocking the riverfront and Umeta-Bhadran Road that falls on Vadodara-Anand border. The riverfront bungalows not only promise serene and peaceful environment, but also recreational facilities including club houses and gymnasiums.What is drawing the upper and upper middle class citizens towards the area is the possibility of building their dream home overseeing the river and amid green environs at affordable prices. Realtors from the city are putting up big residential projects on the riverbank that is located about 15 kilometre from the city towards the west. Thousands of acres of land have been purchased on both sides of Vadodara-Anand border by developers who are busy building weekend getaway homes for the citizens. Other facilities like motorable roads are underway citizens are increasingly opting for peaceful life away from the city.\"Our idea is to give quick getaway home to citizens who can't afford to buy huge bungalows at such locations. The focus is on quality of life as those buying plots in our projects are allowed to build only on 20 per cent of the land - rest area has to be kept open. Our Aries Weekends project on Mahi riverbank and Aries Woods is already sold out,\" said Brijesh Thakur, a city-based builder, who owns over 4 lakh square-feet of land near Mahi. He is now coming up with Aries Riverside project.\"Also, the sale deed doesn't allow buyers to sell their plots for the period of five years. We want genuine buyers and not investors. You will be surprised to know that many of our clients are salaried employees or professionals,\" Thakur told TOI. The plots are offered in range of 7,000 square-feet to 11,000 square-feet.Another realtor Rajiv Patel said if the government ups infrastructural facilities in these areas, it will witness unprecedented boom. \"Citizens are cosying up to the idea of owning bungalows by the riverside away from the noisy urban life. Not only is it affordable but a viable investment opportunity for people. Several prominent citizens are now investing in properties along Mahi riverbank,\" said Patel, who has two projects - Sun Riverside and Sun Enclave on Umeta-Bhadran Road.\"People from all walks of life can buy a plot in our colony and design their dream house. It is a unique experience, sipping on a cuppa of tea while seeing river water drift by,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12168058", "title": "Unlike Digvijaya, Mulayam was restrained on Batla issue: Intelligence sources", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leaders Digvijaya Singh and Salman Khurshid's repeated references to the Batla House encounter failed to convert Azamgarh into a winning proposition, with Muslim majority pockets in the district emphatically rooting for the Samajwadi Party.Two suspected terrorists Atif Amin and Mohamed Sajid, both from Sanjarpur village in Azamgarh, were killed in the encounter on September 19, 2008, at Batla House in Jamia Nagar, Delhi. Two others from the same locality, were arrested in which a inspector of Delhi Police, Mohan Chand Sharma, also got killed.The killing sparked a controversy, with people from Azamgarh alleging that the suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) terrorists were innocent youth who were killed in cold blood.However, although the SP leader supported the demand for judicial inquiry into the \"fake\" encounter, central agencies are not bothered that his return to the helm in Lucknow would be a hindrance for anti-terror measures in the areas in UP that have repeatedly featured in investigations.In his last term, Mulayam had refused to enforce the ban on the outlawed Islamic radical outfit SIMI, while his previous tenure was marked by the escape of a Guyana-born terrorist from a religious seminary under controversial circumstances.However, sources in intelligence agencies stress that Mulayam was far more restrained in raising the issue of Batla House encounter before and during the campaign. Although SP discard Amar Singh had also harped on the allegation, it was Digvijaya who had set the cat among the pigeons by endorsing the charge against police whose action has been justified by his own government several times. SP reacted by emphasizing that how their leaders - a reference to Amar Singh's visit to Batla House along with Ram Gopal Yadav , who was the first to raise the fake encounter issue.Mulayam Singh also said that while Congress' solidarity with those protesting against the encounter was fake since they were unable to persuade their own government to agree to a judicial inquiry. The charge gained credence both because P Chidambaram decided to support the version of the agencies, and because the Salman Khurshid dragged Sonia Gandhi in the controversy by claiming that she had broken down after seeing the pictures of the victims' bodies.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168464", "title": "Government prepares for next rural polls", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has started preparing for the next panchayat elections that are due in April-May 2013.State panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee on Tuesday said a preliminary meeting was held with the state Election Commission at the official level. The dates are yet to be finalised, though there is still no indication that the polls may be scheduled before the due time.The last panchayat polls were held in 2008 and Mukherjee said he was making preparations in such a manner that if the higher authorities in the state government wanted, elections could be held even at short notice. \"I have to keep everything prepared,\" he said on Tuesday.The state Election Commission conducts the polls of the three-tier panchayats and the municipal bodies in the state. There are 755 zilla parishad constituencies spread over 17 zilla parishads and one mahakuma parishad, 8,864 panchayat samiti constituencies in 341 panchayat samitis and 36,016 panchayat constituencies in 3,354 gram panchayats.Of these, 135 panchayats and three zilla parishads - in Murshidabad, Nadia and North 24-Parganas - are being run by the district administration. The panchayats run by the Left parties were said to be \"non-performers\". On the other hand, the zilla parishads became \"minorities\" following the results of the last assembly polls. where the Trinamool Congress swept almost the entire state. Since the newly elected MLAs are mostly from Trinamool, they had expressed \"no-confidence\" in the earlier office bearers elected in the 2008 panchayat polls in these zilla parishads, leading to the district administration takeover there.Preparations would also mean issuing notifications for 50% reservation for women in the panchayat polls. The former Left Front government had already introduced this - raising it from the earlier 33% - but the notifications have not yet been issued. The state government is also waiting for the Census report, which will give it figures of the OBC population, where the reservation is based on the population percentage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12168838", "title": "Excise officials stop playing host to VIPs", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a virtual non-cooperation, officials of the prohibition and excise department are refusing to take the responsibility of 'protocol spending' during VIP visits to the districts. Officials of this cash-rich department have turned their back on the well-established tradition after being put under the scanner of the Anti-Corruption Bureau.The unexpected refusal from the excise department to play host to VIPs has caused embarrassment to the district officials. Normally, it was the practice for the district collectors to hand over the job of playing host to the excise department during VIP visits as they are good at organising special meals and and other refreshments for the guests.Sometimes, the guests include the security personnel of the VIPs plus the helicopter crew. The helicopter crew always prefers to stay at private hotels and demand expensive liquor in case they stay overnight. However, there were no instances where the excise officials had refused to oblige such 'courtesies' with a hope to be in the good books of the collector.However, the recent ACB raids have completely altered the equations. According to information, the excise officials refused to host the tour of a VVIP with a Union cabinet rank when the latter arrived here from Delhi last week. Stung by the excise department's response, the district administration hurriedly handed over the job to another cash-rich department. \"Each of the VIP visit costs us at least Rs 1 lakh as we are forced to feed about 25-30 security personnel and provide all facilities if they come by special helicopter,\" rued a senior official of the excise department on the condition of anonymity.Similarly, Ongole MP Magunta Srinivasula Reddy organised a civic felicitation for Tamila Nadu governor K Rosaiah at Ongole about 10 days ago. With the governor scheduled to arrive by the special chopper, the district administration routinely sent a requisition to the excise department to foot the bill of escort staff. Sources said that the staff of excise department bluntly refused to take the charge saying that they did not have any 'buffer stock' with them to entertain the guests.A senior official from the prohibition department met his counterpart in the collectorate and explained to him their plight. \"We can depute a few personnel to attend to the special duties. But, we can't take the bill,\" the official is said to have told the senior revenue official. A senior official in the district collectorate, in-charge of protocol duties, believed to have taken up the issue to the notice of the district revenue officer who in turn discussed the issue with the top boss.Finally, the district administration is said to have relieved the excise department from the 'protocol' duties. Since meagre amounts are available with the district collectors to manage the protocol expenditure.ACB searches excise offices in NalgondaAnti-Corruption Bureau officials conducted searches at the offices of the excise superintendent in Miryalaguda and Nalgonda zones on Tuesday. The searches were conducted simultaneously in the afternoon with the ACB officials scrutinizing records and computer hard disks. The special ACB teams came from Hyderabad and Vijayawada, sources said. Though the officials refused to comment, sources said that the searches were conducted based on information that some of the senior officials were in cahoots with liquor shop owners. Miryalaguda excise superintendent Jagan Mohan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12169879", "title": "Timber mafia caught in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: A timber mafia and his two accomplices were arrested in Sambalpur, additional SP (Sambalpur) Dilip Kumar Deo said on Tuesday afternoon. They are Raiman Munda and Raju Pradhan of Dangarpada village and Fakir Gardia of Chilikon village within Jujomora police limits.Deo said a police team trapped him and his men on Monday night when they were smuggling logs in Sadar police station area. A country-made pistol, a live cartridge, 21 logs, a two-wheeler and 11 bicycles were seized from them.He revealed Raiman, the most wanted timber mafia, was also involved in the attack on Jujomora range office that took place May 8, 2011 in which the range officer and two other forest guards were seriously injured severely. \"Raiman wanted revenge because the forest officials had seized timber from his men. He took away the seized articles from the range office by attacking the officials. We had registered a case but he was absconding,\" the additional SP said.Deo said Raiman used to employ jobless youth for smuggling of timber. The police team spotted him on Monday night while he was escorting his men near Sindurpank area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168873", "title": "CESC hikes power tariffs by 13%", "text": "KOLKATA: Brace for a shock next month. Electricity bill in CESC areas is going to rise sharply following the revised tariff in Kolkata and parts of neighbouring Howrah and Hooghly. For its 25 lakh consumers, the average unit cost is likely go up by over 13% from Rs 5.19 to Rs 5.88 a unit.Even the 1.5 lakh lifeline consumers, who use less than 30 units a month, will have to shell out Rs 2.99 per unit against the current rate of Rs 2.86. For average middle class households that consume 300 to 500 units a month, the rate increases by more than 10% with the hike ranging from 52 paisa to 62 paisa.The impact on the bill will, however, be a lot steeper as consumers have to pay arrears for the electricity consumed in the past 11 months. The fuel surcharge though remains unchanged at 46 paisa a unit.Consumers of state power utility in Salt Lake and rest of the state will continue to pay according to the existing rate.Though the hike translates to additional revenue of Rs 522 crore for the power utility in 2011-12, it is not happy with the order, having applied for a tariff of Rs 6.30 a unit. Meanwhile, state utility West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd (WBSEDCL) continues with the current rate with the Mamata Banerjee government not allowing it to apply for a tariff hike.\"The revised tariff will be applicable from the next billing cycle and will be charged. The order gave retrospective effect for the hike from April 2011. Hence, consumers will have pay arrears for the current fiscal,\" a CESC official said on Tuesday evening after the state electricity regulatory commission announcement. The order gave retrospective effect for the hike from April 2011.Though the last tariff revision happened way back in early 2010 when SERC announced an average tariff of Rs 4.73 per unit, the agency allowed CESC to factor in fuel surcharge of 46 paisa per in May 2011 following a sharp increase in coal and oil prices. \"This time, too, most of the additional revenue garnered from the tariff hike will go into meeting fuel costs,\" a CESC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12168720", "title": "Punjab assembly gets 14 women legislators", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Out of total 93 women candidates contesting the 117-seat Punjab assembly polls, only 14 of them managed to win.SAD had fielded 10, BJP three, Congress 11 and Peoples Party of Punjab (PPP) three women.Maximum six women each of SAD and Congress returned home victorious in comparison to two of BJP and none of the Peoples Party of Punjab.Former chief minister Rajinder Kaur Bhattal of Congress was re-elected from her traditional Lehra assembly seat.At Muslim dominated seat of Malerkotla it was a contest between a serving and retired IPS officers wives.Farzana Alam of SAD and wife of DGP (retd) Mohmmad Izar Alam outpassed wife of ADGP Mohammad Mustafa, a sitting MLA Razia Sultana of the Congress.Karan Kaur of Congress, who is a relative of former chief minister Harcharan Singh Brar, pocketed Muktsar seat.While Amritsar BJP MP Navjot Singh Sidhu's wife Navjot Kaur of BJP won on newly created Assembly seat of Amritsar east, her party colleague Seema Kumari won Bhoa seat.After five years, former SGPC chief and SAD candidate Bibi Jagir Kaur was elected from Bholath seat.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "boston", "code": "12172262", "title": "Premji only non-American in tech billionaires' list", "text": "BOSTON: Bill Gates, the co-founder of Microsoft Corp, the world's largest software company, is technology's richest man.Gates, chairman of Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft, was worth $61.3 billion as of the close of US trading today, down $805.4 million for the day, according to a daily ranking of the industry's wealthiest titans compiled by Bloomberg News.The only person on the ranking not from the US is Indian Azim Premji , co-founder of Bangalore-based Wipro Ltd , India's third-largest software exporter.Premji's 79 per cent stake of Wipro represents about 90 per cent of his $18.5 billion net worth. Premji guided his father's peanut-oil processing company into software when the Indian government ejected foreign corporations from the country in 1977. While Premji initially benefitted from the long-revoked India-first policy, Wipro today derives most of its sales from the US and Europe.Oracle Corp's Larry Ellison and Mark Zuckerberg , who runs Facebook Inc, ranked second and third, respectively.The ranking, published on Bloomberg.com, reflects how changes in markets and the economy affect the executives' stakes in publicly traded and closely held companies.Co-founded by Gates in 1975, Microsoft wares run more than 90 per cent of the world's personal computers. Ellison helped build Oracle into the No. 3 software maker, while Zuckerberg fashioned the most popular social network in less than a decade.\"These people are our royalty, because we don't have royalty,'' said Paul MacManus, managing director of the Institute for Technology Entrepreneurship &amp; Commercialization at Boston University School of Management. \"Who better to aspire to?\"Each net worth figure is updated every business day at 5:30 p.m. in New York . The valuations are listed in US dollars.Gates's fortune has increased 9.2 per cent this year, according to the ranking. About 77 per cent of his fortune is held in Cascade Investment LLC, his personal holding company. A spokesman for Gates didn't immediately return call for comment.Japanese architectureEllison, 67, is co-founder of Redwood City , California- based Oracle, the top maker of database software. He is worth $37.9 billion, down $385.7 million on March 6 and up 15 percent since the beginning of the year.An America's Cup-winning yachtsman known for an extravagant lifestyle, Ellison has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on real estate, including a home in Woodside, California , modeled on 16th century Japanese feudal architecture. Zuckerberg, the 27-year-old co-founder of Facebook, is worth at least $21 billion. Based on the roughly $100 billion valuation that the Menlo Park , California-based company has fetched in private markets, Zuckerberg's stake may be worth about 25 percent less than previous estimates, once Facebook holds its initial public offering.The company intends to issue about 500 million shares of its Class B stock at the offering, diluting Zuckerberg's ownership to 21 percent after he exercises 120 million options and sells about 42 million shares to cover the tax bill associated with the gain from those options.The combined net worth of technology's 10 richest people is $238.3 billion. Ninety percent of the list hails from the US.Google dropsNumber four and five are Sergey Brin and Larry Page . The co-founders of Google Inc, which controls 66 per cent of the US Web-search market, are each worth $18.7 billion. About 84 per cent of their fortunes are held in Google shares, which have declined 6.3 percent this year. The pair lost a total $560.6 million today as Google slipped 1.5 per cent.Foundation supports educationIn December 2010, the 66-year-old transferred stock then worth $2 billion to a foundation that supports education for the poor. He told Bloomberg News in January that income inequality should be a topic of conversation at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland .\"We have seen in 2011 what ignoring this aspect can result in,\" Premji said in an e-mail at the time. \"If we don't take cognizance of it and try to solve this problem, it can create a chaotic upheaval globally.\"Ranking seventh is Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon.com Inc , the world's largest online retailer. Bezos, 48, is worth $17.2 billion, up $73 million today. His fortune has grown 4.7 per cent this year.Bezos owns 88 million shares, or 19.3 per cent, of Amazon's outstanding shares. He also owns space exploration company Blue Origin, and has more than $1 billion in cash and other investable assets, according to Bloomberg data.Ballmer, Dell, Allen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169590", "title": "Youth brigade wants Akhilesh Yadav as CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: The verdict is out. There will be a 'samajwad' in Uttar Pradesh once again. Though within the SP camp it is still not clear who will be the state's next chief minister.Addressing his maiden post-victory press conference, Akhilesh Yadav, the man who scripted the party's historic win, did little to undo the suspense. And though the environment-loving Yadav Jr. may be ready to hang up his boots and pass up the top job to his father Mulayam, staunch supporters are still hopeful.One of his close aides said: \"We cannot ignore the fact that all the young candidates of Akhileshji have emerged victorious. As a democratic leader, Netaji is unlikely to ignore this fact.'' Though a final decision in this regard would be taken at the Vidhan Mandal and parliamentary board meetings scheduled to be held on Wednesday, the youth candidates are not giving up hope.Veterans in the party say there's a bigger role waiting in the wings for the 38-year-old MP from Kannauj. \"Winning UP is certainly a milestone for the party. But building the party's cadre beyond UP is the next agenda; a role that is reserved for Akhilesh,'' a party source said.What is in store for Akhilesh may unfold gradually after a series of meetings the party will hold on Wednesday. But those in Akhilesh's youth brigade believe the mandate is clearly in favour of the party's progressive youth face. And though Tuesday's thumping victory will bring the focus on many of Akhilesh's close aides and their roles in the coming days, Victory 2012 will also see the resurgence of old and trusted party names,including Azam Khan, Shivpal Yadav and Ambika Chaudhary.Chaudhary, the party's deputy leader in the outgoing assembly, may be down - as he lost to BJP's Upendra Tiwari in Ballia's Phephna constituency by 7387 votes - but, if word is to be believed, not out. Khan, the leading Muslim face of the Samajwadi Party and believed to be responsible for the resurgence of Maulana Mulayam, can also expect to lay his hands on creamier roles.There is at least one Yadav apart from Akhilesh who stands to benefit from the Tuesday's victory and he is Shivpal Yadav. With his strength lying in building the party's cadre, Yadav, who gave up the role of state president for Akhilesh, is also expected to play a crucial role in the new SP government.Though the resounding success of Mission UP is not the end of the road for the Samajwadi Party. If internal word is to be believed, even amidst celebrations inside and outside the party's Vikramaditya Marg office on Tuesday, the cadre was already readying itself for Mission 2014, the next big focus on the party's agenda.\"We are looking at expanding SP's base in Uttarakhand, Bihar, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. Preparations will begin within the next six months,'' a party source said. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indicative listing of courses in womens studies offered across india", "code": "12173137", "title": "Empower yourself", "text": "Indicative listing of courses in womens studies offered across India:University of Delhi- offers an advanced certificate course in Gender Studies(www.du.ac.in/index.php?)The Krantijyoti Savitribai Phule Women's Studies Centre, University of Pune offers PG Interdisciplinary Certificate Course in Women's Studies (Part-time)(www.unipune.ac.in/snc/womens_studies_centre/default.htm)The Women's Studies Research Centre (WSRC), Maharaja Sayajirao University, Baroda offers PG Diploma in Women's Studies(www.msubaroda.ac.in/departmentinfo.php)University of Pondicherry, Centre for Women's Studies offers PG Diploma in Women's StudiesIndira Gandhi Open National University (IGNOU) offers PG Diploma in Women's Empowerment and Development and PhD, MPhil programme in womens studies(www.cwds.org/courses.htm or www.ignou.ac.in/ignou/aboutignou/school)Shivaji University, Kolhapur, Centre for Women's Studies offers M Phil in Women's Studies(www.unishivaji.ac.in/acdms/cntws.htm)University of Hyderabad, Centre for Womens studies (CWS) offers M.Phil and Ph.D. programme in Gender Studies(www.uohyd.info/index.php/morelinks/womens-studies)Indicative listing of courses in womens studies offered abroad:University of Leeds, UK- MA, PhD in Gender Studies(www.gender-studies.leeds.ac.uk)Lancaster University, UK- MA in Women's Studies and English, M.A in Feminist Cultural Theory and Practice(www.lancs.ac.uk/fass/centres/gws)Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts Undergraduate course in Women's Studies Program(www.mcla.edu/Undergraduate/majors/womensstudies)University of New England - MA and PhD in Women and Gender Studies(www.une.edu/cas/womens)University of Melbourne - MA and PhD in Gender Studies(arts.monash.edu.au/womens-studies)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172280", "title": "Budget trouble for Ekta Kapoor's Rock the Shaadi", "text": "Looks like Ekta Kapoor's current project Rock the Shaadi is giving is not exactly giving her a rocking time.The film starring Genelia D'Souza and Abhay Deol has been stalled as the budget of the film went for a toss. Director Navdeep Singh last shot for the film in November 2011 and managed to complete a little over 50 per cent of the film.According to reports, Kapoor fixed the budget of the film at Rs 9 crore. If everything would have gone as planned, till now, about Rs 3.5 crore should have been spent on the film; but sources close to the project revealed that Rs 5 crore has already been spent.\"The director of the film has not been able to keep a check on the budget and Ekta is not pleased with the situation. The budget could have easily been maintained but obviously it did not happen,\" the source added.Mumbai Mirror has learnt, that a couple of days ago, Ekta called a meeting of all the officials on the board asking them to curtail their expenses and the total cost of the film shouldn't go beyond Rs 9 crore.Co-producer iRock agreed with Ekta's decision.It is a well known fact that Ekta is a cost conscious producer and can take extreme steps if required. She wants to control both the quality as well as the monetary aspect of the film.The next schedule of the film has been planned for April. \"Let us hope that the film restarts,\" concluded the source.Ekta Kapoor remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12167612", "title": "'Tired' Cheetahs fall to Marines in World Series Hockey", "text": "CHENNAI: Playing two back-to-back matches rest took its toll on Chennai Cheetahs who lost their first home match in the World Series Hockey against Mumbai Marines 2-4 on Tuesday. It was Cheetahs' second defeat in the four matches they have played so far.Cheetahs had a tough task as they had played Delhi Wizards on Monday night and then flew back to Chennai on Tuesday morning. In contrast, Marines were fortunate to have two rest days and that was one of the major reasons which helped them seal the match against the local favourites. Cheetahs and Marines have six points from four matches.Chennai Cheetahs skipper Brent Livermore said, \"Yes, it is very tough but we all are professional players and we have to deal with it. It is extremely difficult for us to play two back-to-back games without taking enough rest. But a tournament like WSH demands these things. So, no excuses.\"Pakistani international Imran Warsi, the hero of Chennai Cheetahs' success so far, had suffered a hamstring injury against Delhi on Monday and that made a huge difference to the Cheetahs' fortunes.Warsi drew first blood for the Cheetahs in the second minute converting a penalty corner but that was the only time he tormented the Marines. Mumbai quickly bounced back when Devinder Walmiki converted a penalty corner in the 13th minute. Adrian D'Souza's boys never looked back.Anup Anthony's reverse flick following a goalmouth melee made it 2-1 in the 29th minute while Ajmer Singh scored in the 42nd minute to give Mumbai a 3-1 lead and former India star Bimal Lakra made it 4-1 in the 51st minute. Sunil Yadav reduced the margin for Cheetahs by converting a penalty corner in the 67th minute. It was Mumbai's second win in four matches while Chennai tasted their second defeat.Lions scrape past CometsBANGALORE: Karnataka Lions overcame a spirited Chandigarh Comets 3-2 to record their first win of the WSH on Tuesday.Lions, who lost their first three matches, started well and jumped to a 3-0 lead. Comets tried hard to make a comeback and scored two goals, but that was not enough to prevent them from losing their third match of the event. Both teams are now with three points from four matches each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169323", "title": "Pak hackers break into BSNL website", "text": "VADODARA: The vulnerability of government websites surfaced yet again when the website of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) was hacked by some unscrupulous elements a couple of months ago. The hackers, who claimed to be from Pakistan, managed to break into dotsoft.bsnl.com that is meant for internal communication of BSNL officials. BSNL learnt about the incident when city police officials intimated them about it in January this year.The cops met BSNL officials twice and explained them about abusive language appearing on their website. The government telecom company swung into action later and debarred public access for the page altogether from its website.\"BSNL officials were left surprised when they were told about the hacking episode. They were told that some Pakistani hackers are playing mischief on their website. It took time for them to understand the seriousness of the episode,\" said a police official.\"It is very difficult to find out when the website was hacked but the hackers had access to all the communication that was done internally by BSNL. We learnt about the incident while surfing the BSNL website. The matter was reported to senior police officials too,\" the official added.Ethnical hacker Bhaumik Merchant, who helped the police in investigating the incident, said, \"Hackers can break into any website even if there is a slight security lapse. Similar thing happened with BSNL. The Pakistani hackers hacked into the dotsoft.bsnl that is meant for internal communication. They could have deleted, added or misused the data in the website.\"A senior BSNL official said, \"Some mischievous elements did break into our website, but no undue episode has been reported. We forwarded the complaint to senior officials and the page was removed from the website. As such, the dotsoft software will be redundant soon as BSNL has opted for a new software.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12169794", "title": "School tribute to British citizen in love with rural Odisha", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Close friends and relatives of a British citizen recently established a school at Nanpur village in his memory after he was cremated in the village last year according to his last wish. Prafulla Mohanty, a native of the village and close friend of Derrick Moore , inaugurated an art and culture school on Derrick's first death anniversary this month.\"We built a school in the memory of the man who loved rural Odisha and dedicated his life for the uplift of the villagers of Nanpur. My village was his second home,\" said Mohanty.Derrick, an ex-army man, was stationed in India during World War II. He worked as a lawyer in London and used to divide his time between his country and the Odisha village, 30 km from the district headquarter town. Derrick befriended Mohanty in London in 1964 and started visiting the village since, his love affair with Odisha growing by the year.Mohanty went to England in 1960 with an architecture degree from Bombay. In 1964 he earned a diploma in town planning at Leeds. He held his first solo exhibition of paintings In London the same year, which is when he met Derrick, leading to a close friendship between the two.\"Derrick told me that he wished to die in Odisha and so I brought him to the village last year after he started to keep unwell. He died at a private nursing home in Bhubaneswar on February 15 at the age of 84. His body was cremated near our house in Nanpur where he used to spend his time,\" Mohanty said.Mohanty came from London recently to open the school. \"Children will learn arts, paintings and dances in this school. I also provided four computers to the school as many children are interested in learning computers. We spent about Rs 10 lakh to build the school,\" he said.\"Derrick was interested in promoting the art and culture of Odisha. The school is a great tribute to him,\" said Santosh Mohanty, a Nanpur resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167863", "title": "6 acquitted in 2002 riots case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Poor investigation by the police in a 2002 riots-related case has led to acquittal of six persons. Two persons identified as Firoz and his mother Hamidabanu were burnt alive while they were on their way towards Rakhial Crossroads on April 21, 2002. The victims were on a motorcycle when the duo was intercepted by a mob near Parmanand's Chawl in Gomtipur area.Later, the rioters began looting shops belonging to minority community. Though the complaint was filed immediately by one of the shop owners, the accused came to be arrested in 2006. By then, one of the seven accused Madhukant had passed away.Six persons from the area, including one Vicki Christian, came to be arrested by the Bapunagar police four years after the incident. The chargesheet filed described how petrol was procured and the mother-son duo was torched on road in broad daylight. However, the police failed to get any eyewitness in the case.In the trial that commenced nine years later, eight witnesses were examined including the doctor that performed autopsy, two investigating officers, two persons including the complainant whose shops were damaged and three panch witnesses. One of the panch witnesses turned hostile. There was no eyewitness in this case, said defence lawyer Sandip Christie.After the trial, additional sessions judge M P Sheth on Tuesday acquitted all six accused on the ground that the prosecution could not prove its case beyond reasonable doubt against those arrested and charge-sheeted by police. Prosecutor U D Shekhawat said that the investigation in this case was not proper, as the accused came to be arrested very late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "12170040", "title": "Puri temple seeks high court nod to demolish neighbouring mutts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Tuesday asked the state government to constitute a three-member expert committee to assess the structural damage to Lion Gate, entrance of the Jagannath temple in Puri.It followed a recent petition by the Puri district administration alleging that two mutts - Badachhata and Chhauni - on both sides of the shrine entrance posed a threat to the Lion Gate and boundary wall. The administration had sought court's permission to demolish the structures, even as the mutts managed to obtain stay orders in the past.A division bench comprising Justice Pradeep Mohanty and Justice I Mohanty said the committee, including superintending archeologist of archeological survey of India (ASI), state endowment commissioner and deputy chief architect would submit their survey report to the court on March 13.The Puri district collector, Arvind Agarwal, in his report earlier had stated that the grand boundary wall (Meghanad Pachiri) of the temple has become unsafe due to pressure from the Badachhata mutt building as its roof slab rests on the wall of the temple.Temple's chief administrator P K Mohapatra contended that the two mutts need not stay there as they are weakening the Lion Gate. \"Old photographs of the temple showed that the two mutts came up in the recent past. Recently the shrine's technical committee found threat to the Lion Gate from the two mutts. We tried to remove the structures. But they obtained stay orders from court,\" Mohapatra told TOI. \"There are a few other small structures that too jeopardize the Lion Gate,\" Mohapatra said.Authorities of the two mutts on Tuesday told the High Court that their institutions did not pose any threat to the Jagannath temple's structure. \"The mutts are closely related with the rituals of Lord Jagannath. The government should not demolish the structures,\" said the mutts' functionaries.Meanwhile, the functioning of the archeological survey of India (ASI) came under scanner for allegedly turning a blind eye to the alleged unauthorized structures. \"How could the ASI permit the mutts to carry out construction close to the temple's boundary wall? If at all the mutts did not take permission from ASI then, why was the ASI silent after the structures came up recently,\" asked a temple official.\"We never sat silent on the issue. We had earlier drawn the attention of district administration about the unauthorized structures. The administration should have taken action earlier,\" an ASI officer said.ASI was left in the doghouse after a huge stone tumbled from the dome of a structure inside the shrine last November. While priests went at the ASI hammer and tongs, chief minister Naveen Patnaik drew the attention of the Union tourism and culture minister about the ASI's \"poor\" performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12168100", "title": "Gloom descends on Congress, BJP state offices after UP election results", "text": "Bhopal: ``The writing on the wall is clear. National parties in Uttar Pradesh will have to restart constructing basic structure from grassroots,'' said BJP state president Prabhat Jha.``Time has come to rethink and analyse why the regional parties have gained at the cost of national parties in Uttar Pradesh\". After Uttar Pradesh election results, a pall of gloom descended on both the Congress and BJP head offices here on Tuesday.The BJP and Congress, however, sighed with relief that there was no regional party in this state that could pose a challenge for them in the 2013 assembly elections.Speaking to TOI, Congress' MLA and leader of opposition in MP Assembly Ajay Singh explained the cause of his party's debacle: ``It is clear that despite the best efforts and hard work on the part of our leaders, including AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, we could not win enough seats. The number of seats may not have increased but Congress' vote percentage has certainly gone up\".The ruling BJP, however, did not miss a chance to get at the Congress on Tuesday. ``We are concerned about our loss in Uttar Pradesh. But the Congress must realise that defeat of the party in the assembly constituencies of Amethi and Rae Bareilly is just the trailor\", said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "12173357", "title": "IGP Murthy slashes constable's perks for harassing colleague", "text": "MADIKERI: The inspector general of police has slashed six months' increment of a circle inspector for misbehaving with a woman colleague.The action comes after Jyothi, (name changed ), attached to Shanivarsanthe police station, working at Somwarpet complained to IGP A S N Murthy against the harassment meted to her by Somwarpet circle inspector Krishnaiah.Last year Jyothi lodged a complaint with SP Kodagu Manjunath Annigeri against the circle inspector alleging that he would call her at night. On the night of April 4, 2011, she received 38 calls from Krishnaiah. He even sent her letters and chocolates. Annigeri ordered a probe. DYSP Jayaprakash who conducted the probe found Krishnaiah guilty and submitted a report. However, no action was taken against the circle inspector. Instead she was harassed further by asking to pay rent for the police quarters amounting to Rs 1,55,126. Jyothi then approached the IGP. Jyothi said she would fight till action is taken against the Inspector too.Circle inspector V Krishnaiah told TOI that he had issued memos to Jyothi for dereliction of duty. He denied allegations of sexual harassment and said that to cover up her faults she has fabricated the harassment charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168752", "title": "Bratya avoids media after meeting CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee gave a piece of her mind to education minister Bratya Basu for speaking out on the attendance of teachers during the trade union strike called on February 28. It became apparent when the education minister didn't respond to the media's questions after emerging from a one-on-one meeting in the CM's chamber on Tuesday.The education minister couldn't attend Monday's cabinet meeting because he was away in Delhi, meeting human resources development minister Kapil Sibal. A day before going to Delhi, Basu had made a comment upholding the rights of teachers to participate in or ignore the strike call. His statement was construed as an apparent discord to what the CM had said the other day. Several teachers were absent that day and the turnout of the higher education department was 70% - the lowest among all the 56 government departments. The education minister, however, ruled out any controversy in the cabinet on this issue.Basu was in the CM's chamber for more than an hour, but refused to comment or reiterate the views he recently expressed. On Sunday, he had said on the sidelines of the annual general conference of the All-Bengal State Government College Teachers' Association: \"In my view, if teachers have the right to come to college on the day of a strike, they may also exercise the right to be absent on a day of strike.\" The meeting was held at the Maulana Azad College.Apparently, the impromptu statement didn't find favour with Mamata. Sources in the government said she would have preferred not to have a member of the cabinet making statements that gave fillip to the trend of government employees opting for a French leave.In what seemed as the fallout of the CM's displeasure, Mamata set a precedence by questioning the school education department for placing the draft rules for the Right to Education (RTE) before the state cabinet without approval of the finance department. Until now, all major decisions - even those with huge financial implications - had been passed by the state cabinet skipping financial approval. The long list of such decisions included the compensation for landlosers in Sunderbans, development packages for Maoist-affected districts and the state's land policy.State education secretary Vikram Sen, who was there since the department minister was absent, tried saying that approval wasn't needed since the project would be funded by Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. But finance minister Amit Mitra contradicted him, saying that a portion of the funds would be contributed by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12169664", "title": "Symposium on herbal, traditional medicines at Saurashtra University", "text": "RAJKOT: The department of pharmaceutical sciences at Saurashtra University (SU) will organize a three-day international symposium on \"Herbal and Traditional Medicines\" beginning March 9.According to SU officials, scientists and researchers from across the globe will present total 350 research papers during the event.Dignitaries such as Dr Ravi Durvasula, chief of medicine and acting ACOS for research and director, Centre of Global Health, University of New Mexico , US; Dr D J Parkins, Laboratories of Tropical Diseases Centre of Global Health and director, Centre of Global Health, University of New Mexico, US; vice-chancellor of KLE University Dr C K Kokate; senior scientist of Indian Institute of Integrative Medicine, Jammu, Dr Johri; senior scientist of National Institute of Interdisciplinary Science and Technology, Trivandrum, Dr K G Raghu; a senior scientist in medicinal plant division of Indian Council of Medical Research Dr Niraj Tandon delivering special talks on the theme of the conference.During the event, scientists will discuss various subjects like \"Drug discovery from herbs - a case study, para transgenic strategies for control of vector-borne diseases, herbal bio-enhancer, traditional medicine: protection through IPR regime, traditional knowledge for development of modern medicine, DNA bar coding of the plants or formulation developments of plant medicines, drug discovery for severe malarial anemia and standardization of herbals among others.Former vice-chancellor of M S University Ramesh Goyal will deliver the keynote address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169344", "title": "Nine DDA flats burgled in Vasant Kunj", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unidentified persons burgled nine Delhi Development Authority (DDA) flats in south Delhi in the early hours of Tuesday and decamped with valuables worth lakhs. The incident took place around 2am on Tuesday at Pocket-2, C Block in south Delhi's Vasant Kunj colony. The owners of these flats were not present when the burglaries took place.\"One of the neighbours raised an alarm when he saw the lock of one of the flats broken. Other residents also gathered there and one of them made a PCR call around 4am. The cops reached the spot and a crime team was also called in to collect finger prints and other samples,\" said a resident.According to residents, a total of nine houses were burgled in the locality but cops denied this claim, stating that only two houses were burgled and they were still investigating the other complaints.\"A case regarding the incident has been registered while the loss is yet to be ascertained,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169348", "title": "BBA students clash on campus", "text": "VADODARA: An argument over a petty issue led to clash between two groups of students at M S University's Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA) programme building on Tuesday.Groups of students from within BBA and some from outside the campus came to blows at the BBA building premises. Three students also got injured due to the scuffle. Many in the campus are shocked by the filmy style scuffle between the groups of students as BBA is considered to be one of the prestigious and costliest course.According to sources, two groups of students of BBA had entered into heated argument over placing of a bag on a bench inside a classroom. The argument led to an open fight at around 12 noon. The matter was resolved after associate programme director of BBA Dr Pragnesh Shah intervened and sought a written apology from both the groups.But later in the afternoon, the situation turned murky as both the groups brought in outside elements to settle the scores. In fact, according to eyewitnesses, the groups resorted to violence by using nunchakus, hockey sticks, belts and even stones.As soon as BBA programme officials reached the spot to catch hold of outside elements, most of the outsiders (a group of around 40 youths) left the premises. The officials however caught hold of one student, who has been identified as an engineering student of a city-based private institute.By the time the programme officials called parents of the students responsible for the scuffle, police too rushed to the spot. MSU's syndicate members, dean of faculty of commerce professor Parimal Vyas and university proctor Dr S K Kushwaha also reached the BBA premises.Although no police complaint has been filed, a three-member committee comprising Kushwaha, syndicate member advocate Tushar Vyas and assistant programme director of BBA Dr Shyamal Pradhan has been formed to inquire into the violence and submit its report within a week.Rivalry between the two groups of BBA programme is going on since quite some time. In fact, even on Monday they had heated arguments during the general body meeting of BBA Students Association (BBASA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12173052", "title": "Sikh family receives death threats in US", "text": "NEW YORK: A Sikh family in America has received an anonymous letter that threatens to kill its members for being \"associates of the Taliban\", prompting authorities to launch a probe into it.The letter, addressed to the 'Turban Family', said the family is being closely watched and it should leave the US immediately.\"Our people in the neighborhood have been closely watching your activities and figured out you are a close associate of a secret Taliban movement on the US soil. We ask you to leave the country as soon as possible otherwise one of our people is going to shoot you dead. Don't attempt to relocate somewhere else in America as people are closely monitoring your day to day activities,\" the letter said.The identity of the family, which lives near Virginia, has not been released.Local authorities are working with the FBI to investigate the threats in the letter sent to the family last week.The Sikh American Legal Defence and Education Fund (SALDEF) said the Sikh family had previously been the target of similar hate crimes.In 2003, the family's home was vandalised with graffiti and it received two threatening letters. In 2005, they received two more death threats through mail.Inter-faith groups have spoken in support of the family, calling on the authorities to investigate the threats as a hate crime.\"Incidents like these are constant reminders of the challenges that Sikh Americans face as a result of our unique identity. In the absence of awareness about who we are and what we stand for, Sikh Americans continue to endure harassment, discrimination and threats which run counter to the American ideals,\" the SALDEF said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167834", "title": "Pushed to work, teen jumps into river", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year old girl from Amrawadi jumped off Nehru Bridge on Tuesday afternoon following an altercation with her father. The Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials are searching for her in the river.City police said that sisters Kavita, 17, and Karishma Chauhan, 19, (names changed), residents of Amraiwadi, had left home at 12 noon on Tuesday. The duo took the step after they were scolded by their father Govind. While the girls wanted to study further, Govind wanted them to start working like their mother, involved in the domestic chores, and bring in some money so that they can be married off.Hurt by the developments at home, Kavita, who is appearing in class XII exams, left the home in a jiffy. Karishma tried to talk to her and persuaded her to return home. However, Kavita told her to go back home as she was going to end life.\"Kavita took a bus and reached Lal Darwaja after which she walked up to Nehru Bridge. When she was standing on the bridge contemplating about whether to jump or not, Karishma followed her and caught her. The duo had a lengthy discussion and Karishma also told her that she will talk to their maternal uncle who will take care of her future. However, when the elder sister went make a call from a nearby shop, Kavita jumped off the bridge,\" said a police investigator.When the passersby saw Karishma peering out, they thought that she was also going to jump behind her and caught her. The people present there called up fire brigade and EMRI 108. While Karishma called up her parents, the AFES officials started search for Kavita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168496", "title": "\u2018Hit-and-run\u2019 ship changed route", "text": "CHENNAI: MV Prabhu Daya, the Singapore-flag vessel suspected to have collided with a fishing vessel off the Kerala coast last Thursday killing three fishermen, had made some unusual diversions near the accident location, electronic charts prepared by the Indian Coast Guard ( ICG) shows.A senior official of ICG's Maritime Rescue Coordination Centre said the voyage chart shows several deviations from the vessel's designated route. \"We are also analysing data from the voyage data recorder (VDR), global positioning systems (GPS) and automatic identification systems (AIS),\" he said.The officer confirmed that the vessel passed by the accident spot, strengthening suspicion about its involvement in the collision. While a few scrape marks were found on the hull of the ship, only an underwater study of the vessel by the Navy on Wednesday can give a conclusive report. \"We have taken paint samples of the vessel to compare it with that of the capsized boat,\" the officer said.A team of senior officials and technical experts from the directorate general of shipping and the coast guard conducted an investigation on board the vessel on Tuesday after it anchored off the Chennai coast late on Monday.Prabhu Daya became the prime suspect soon after the collision that happened 12 nautical miles off the Alappuzha coast in Kerala in the early hours of last Thursday. Two fishermen were found dead soon after the incident, and a third one's body was retrieved from the wreckage of the fishing boat on Monday. Two other fishermen are missing. After studying the routes of several ships that passed by the location at that time, the coast guard summoned Prabhu Daya to Chennai for an investigation.Curiously enough, when the vessel was off the Trincomalee coast on Sunday on its way to Chennai, a crew member fell into the sea. He was rescued by a fishing trawler and taken to a hospital in Sri Lanka. It remains unclear if it was an accident or a suicide attempt.Officers of the Kerala police who were on board Prabhu Daya during Tuesday's investigations wanted to arrest the crew members of Prabha Daya, but DG shipping officials objected to it. \"They can't be arrested till the digital records are studied and the preliminary investigation is completed,\" the official said.The investigation was led by mercantile marine department principal officer Captain L K Pande and nautical surveyor Santhosh Kumar Darokar. The team comprised ship engineers, radio experts and nautical surveyors. \"The Kochi office of the mercantile marine department will prepare the final report after studying the collected data, paint samples and underwater photographs to be taken by a Navy team on Wednesday morning,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169719", "title": "No escape from traffic chaos in diamond city", "text": "SURAT: Regulating traffic and creating proper infrastructure for it are big problems for any administration. Surat may have developed adequate infrastructure for about 18 lakh vehicles that ply on the city roads but there is no policy as yet for vehicle parking.In a city with a population of about 45 lakh people, there is no escape from traffic chaos and parking problems. This despite pay and park spots developed by Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) at many places. There is absolutely no parking space for a vehicle on Rajmarg from Station to Chowk. Same situation prevails from Chowk to the road going to Ved road.\"Roads have been developed at many places but the business area still remains congested,\" said an official from traffic department of SMC.\"We have developed a number of pay and park facilities even in old city area. But still many citizens don't follow rules and park their vehicles haphazardly on the roads,\" he added.Municipal commissioner Manoj Das told TOI, \"We are in the process of framing our own parking policy. We will study Ahmedabad model too. We have already developed a large number of parking spots in many parts of the city.\"SMC at present has parking slots in all the seven zones of the city. The parking slots under the over bridges have become very lucrative for the civic body.At least 20 spots have been developed across the city for pay and park facility for nearly 15,000 vehicles. SMC is earning about Rs 331.5 lakh on an annual basis from these parking slots which are located at Mandarwaja, Kamela Darwaja, Sardar Market, Sarthana and Athwa Chowpaty among other places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169742", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation yet to take concrete steps to ban plastic bags", "text": "SURAT: It is a year since Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011, framed by Union ministry of environment and forest, came into force but Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) is yet to take concrete steps to implement them. SMC's health department has so far been unsuccessful in implementing the ban on the use of plastic bags below 40 microns in the diamond city.This was evident on Monday when the health department seized about 400 kilograms of banned plastic bags from seven municipal zones and collected fines amounting to Rs 1.22 lakh.A one day campaign was launched in all the zones of the city, after more than four months, to curb the use of plastic bags with thickness less than 40 microns. The maximum seizure of the banned plastic bags weighing 145 kilograms was made from the posh Athwalines zone followed by 83 kilograms in Rander zone, 47 kilograms in Varachha, 44 kilograms in Central zone, 25 kilograms in Katargam zone, 37 kilograms in Udhana zone and 13 kilograms in Limbayat zone.Although the rules ban the use of plastic bags with thickness less than 40 microns, they continue to be ubiquitous in the diamond city. The rules also empower the municipal authorities to organize solid waste management systems in cities and perform associated functions such as safe collection, storage, segregation, transportation, processing and disposal of plastic waste.Official sources said that the city generates about 1100 tonnes of solid waste per day, which includes 138 tonnes of plastic waste. About 90 per cent of the plastic waste consists of the banned plastic bags with thickness less than 40 microns.The rules also empower municipal corporation to constructively engage agencies or groups working in the area of waste management. This would include rag pickers. However, the SMC is yet to take any initiative.Apart from choking drains and wastewater disposal outlets, plastic also causes digestive disorders in domestic animals, such as stray cows, which can even lead to their death.\"From now on, we have decided to conduct the campaign to strictly implement the ban every fortnight,\" said a senior officer with health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12168103", "title": "'Law &amp; order has improved'", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a time when several incidents of kidnappings are taking place, chief minister Tarun Gogoi claimed that law and order in the state has relatively improved.In his reply on Tuesday on the debate on the governor's speech in the budget session of the house, Gogoi said, \"Our focus was on improving law and order and we decided to do this through economic development.\" He added that there are still some militant outfits active in the state. He said the government will welcome any group willing to join the peace process.\"There are some outfits which are still active but the prevailing situation in the state is changing the mindset of rebels all these outfits and making them realize that no problem can be solved through violence. These few outfits may be active but they cannot be successful,\" said the chief minister.\"We have proved to the nation that despite being a state with so many militant outfits, the state has grown economically. The credit goes to the people of the state, particularly those living in the rural areas. Once the rural areas were the base of mass support of militant outfits. The rural population now no longer supports militants,\" Gogoi said.Starting his speech, Gogoi admitted a few lapses in governance and expressed his gratefulness to the opposition for pointing these flaws and drawing the attention of the government.\"It is a fact that char and tea garden areas are the most backward places in the state. It is only through education that we can change the situation in these two places. We need to remove this backwardness and also change the present system of education. The West focuses on vocational training but it is completely opposite in our country. We need to stress on vocational training and create skilled manpower to bring down the rate of unemployment and boost the rural economy,\" the CM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168367", "title": "UK arts trust taps city talent", "text": "BANGALORE: Artist Anoop Mathew Thomas, heritage conservationist Krupa Rajangam and playwright Swar Thounaojam have something in common. They're among many Bangaloreans who have travelled to England on a Charles Wallace India Trust (CWIT) grant.On Tuesday, to zero in on the next batch, were CWIT representatives - new chair Caroline Douglas and secretary Richard Alford. \"We met Suresh Jayaram and had a brilliant interaction,\" said Caroline. Alford, who has been running CWIT since 2004, and also lived in Delhi is well-acquainted with the Indian art scenario . \"CWIT is to support artists and writers in their early and mid-careers. Since its inception in 1981, 2,700 Indians and over 20 people in Bangalore have benefited by it,\" said.Have deserving candidates sometimes been sidelined for lack of recommendations? \"We are a small charity and cannot meet everyone's expectations,\" said Caroline, adding, \"We're hugely concerned about offering a quality experience to scholars.\"Swar pointed out, \"I come from a small town in the North-East and first networked with the Writer's Block. The networking grew from one organization to another, and, there I was with a scholarship which opened my eyes to a whole new world.\"Know About HimCharles Wallace was born in Calcutta in 1855 and established a company there. He died in 1916, leaving behind a fortune. Over time, his descendants died and the money was realized by the British Council Library on an agreement to give scholarships to artists in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170092", "title": "Poll result people's mandate, says Anna", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Tuesday said that the Congress could have fared better at the elections had it tabled a strong Lokpal bill in the parliament.Hazare said, \"The result is the people's mandate. We have nothing to do with the Congress' performance. The party has repeatedly cheated people on the issue of fighting against corruption. If Congress had brought a strong Lokpal bill, people would have supported it.\"Hazare was speaking to reporters at Pune's Lohegaon airport after he flew in from Delhi and was heading to his native place Ralegan Siddhi.\"Despite assurances given to us and to the people of the country, Congress got an ineffective Lokpal bill. This impacted the elections. The results are a reflection of people's feelings,\" said Hazare.Hazare's remarks come against the backdrop of his campaign for a strong Lokpal bill.Hazare and his team had planned to campaign during the assembly elections to raise the issue of a strong Lokpal bill to fight against corruption. However, Hazare was not able to tour the five states going to polls due to poor health. Despite Hazare's absence, Team Anna members campaigned in the assembly elections and appealed to people to continue their fight against corruption.After recovering, Hazare announced that he would continue the fight for a strong Lokpal bill to curb corruption. Hazare also said that the next target was to reach out to people with the agenda of anti-corruption ahead of the general elections and assembly elections scheduled in 2014.The Gandhian said that he would tour the country ahead of the general elections now that he was fit and feeling rejuvenated after ayurvedic treatment at a Bangalore hospital last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169251", "title": "Hospitals worried sick about current situation", "text": "COIMBATORE: The power shortage has debilitated the functioning of hospitals in the city, as doctors and hospital administrators have intensified their demand for uninterrupted power supply and subsidised diesel.Unlike other industries or shops, the functioning of hospitals cannot be curbed due to the outages. Hospitals have to function round the clock, irrespective of power supply, said L P Thangavelu, President Elect, Nursing Home Board of Indian Medical Association, Tamil Nadu.The smaller hospitals face the brunt of the shortage. Their very survival is threatened by the extended outages. Many of them operate on diesel, but this is expensive and cannot be a long term solution. If the situation continues it is likely that the hospital will have no other choice but to transfer the additional cost on to patients, he added.Few days ago, during an endoscopy procedure, the power was cut and when we operated the generator, the high voltage damaged the equipment, said Ravi Kumar, a Laproscopic surgeon at Mowthi's Nursing Home in Vadavalli.He said the fluctuation of power is a serious concern as most equipment in hospitals is sensitive to such fluctuations. And if the equipment is damaged, it becomes difficult to replace, as it is very expensive. Round the clock power supply is essential to store vaccines and other medication, Ravi said.Any small hospital would require at least 40 to 60 KV power generators, which would require at least three litres of diesel for an hour's usage. Operating the generator for nine hours on a daily basis is a very expensive ordeal, which small hospitals cannot afford.S Karthick, an Orthopedic surgeon at one of the private hospitals said that some of the bulbs used in the theatre cost from Rs 1000 to Rs 30,000. Any damage has to be incurred by the hospital. Pressure is mounting on hospitals to pass on the increased cost of operations to patients, said Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12172252", "title": "Punjab election results: Down from 19 to 12 but BJP leaders satisfied", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even though BJP's tally has come down from 19 to 12 and its alliance partner SAD has improved its performance but the party leaders felt satisfied on Tuesday to have achieved their \"expected target.\"Party insiders said that the party was hoping to get not more than 13-14 seats out of the total 23 it contested from and the number 12 looked comfortable to them given the factionalism the BJP was facing at the time of fielding candidates.\"Also, the corruption charges against its party leaders had weakened the prospects in polls and made BJP quite weak in Punjab,\" said a senior party leader.\"There was also a fear of anti-incumbency in the party and factionalism plus the corruption charges had further eroded hopes of a repeat of the performance of 2007 elections,\" said the leader.The party had also denied tickets to number of its sitting MLAs including Master Mohan Lal and Jagdish Sahni in a bid to check any anti-incumbency.According to political experts, the party was eventually saved and got a respectable score of 12 thanks to the dissidence in Congress.BJP candidates were helped by the rebel Congress candidates at a number of seats who ruined the prospects of other candidates.Corruption charges were leveled against a number of BJP leaders including Raj Khurana, who was arrested by the CBI in a graft case.Raj Khurana was given party ticket despite a lot of hue and cry and senior BJP leaders including Arun Jaitley had defended him and given him a clean chit but lost to Congress candidate by around 32,000 votes.Tikshan Sud, leader of the legislature party who had also faced charges of corruption and given ticket, also lost elections.Other senior party leaders like Satpal Gosain, Rajinder Bhandari also lost their seats and Manoranjan Kalia barely managed to pull it through with a margin of 1065 votes.According to Punjab BJP president Ashwani Sharma, who won from Pathankot constituency, \"The party's performance in Punjab has remained on the expected lines and we are satisfied with our score.\"According to BJP leader Vineet Joshi, the party kept its urban base intact.\"Largely we have repeated our performance in the urban belt which is quite satisfying. We won because of our development agenda,\" said Joshi.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12169137", "title": "HSSC examinations begin today", "text": "PANAJI: Close to 14,000 students from across Goa will answer the higher secondary school certificate (HSSC) examinations from March 7 onwards under the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education. The Goa board will assess students with grades as well as marks at this year's public exams.The exams for Class XII were pushed to early March from last year onwards to enable Goa's science stream students to prepare for national competitive entrance examinations to institutes like the IIT.The exams will begin with language papers for the students on Wednesday and resume on March 9 after a day's break in between. The exams will end on March 21 for students of the science stream and on March 27 for those from the other streams.The three-hour examination will begin at 10am and end at 1pm. \"The candidates must be present at the places of examination at 9.30am. Late arrival beyond 30 minutes after the commencement of examination in each subject shall disqualify the candidates from appearing at the said examination,\" a Goa board circular to schools has warned students.Exams will be conducted in 13 centres across Goa; 2 centres in Sanquelim and one each in Bicholim, Canacona, Cuncolim, Curchorem, Mapusa, Margao, Panaji , Pernem, Ponda, Vasco, Navelim and Porvorim. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12168329", "title": "Hero set to park next to GM in Halol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India's largest bike-maker Hero Motocorp Ltd (HMCL) is likely to park next to US car-maker General Motors in Halol. HMCL, formerly known as Hero Honda Motors Ltd, is likely to invest Rs 1,200 crore to set up its fourth manufacturing plant in the central Gujarat auto pocket, which never saw much activity after GM drove into the region in the mid-1990s.Also, this will be the first major two-wheeler maker to come to Gujarat, notwithstanding the presence of a couple of e-bike manufacturers here. An announcement is likely to be made this month. The company is learnt to have identified 300 acres of land near the GM car plant. HMCL will set up the factory in two phases. Once fully operational, it will have a capacity to roll out up to two million vehicles a year, say sources close to the development.HMCL plans to set up its fifth plant in Dharwad in Karnataka in over 500 acres of land. Analysts say the new manufacturing plants will help the company meet its export target of $1 billion by 2020, besides catering to the growing demand in the domestic twowheeler market.Gujarat government officials say the company had earlier expressed willingness to set up the facility in Sanand, which has emerged as the country's biggest auto hub, playing host to car-makers like Tata Motors, Ford India and Peugeot. A team of senior executives from HMCL had met chief minister Narendra Modi a few weeks ago where it was suggested that they move to Halol. \"The idea is to have a balanced growth evenly spread across the entire state,\" said an official in the chief minister's office.Besides being home to GM and a few component makers, Halol strategically falls in the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC). HMCL currently has manufacturing facilities in Dharuhea, Gurgaon and Haridwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12169496", "title": "Hridayakumari panel holds its first sitting", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Hridayakumari Committee, constituted to revamp the choice based credit and semester system (CBCSS) in colleges in the state, took note of views of various stakeholders in its first sitting held here on Tuesday.Various students' and teachers' organizations like All India Democratic Students' Organization, Students Islamic Organization, All Kerala Private College Teachers' Association and Parallel College Association expressed their views and opinions before the committee.\"Student organizations were of the opinion that the CBCSS system needs to be fully restructured. But teachers' organizations were of the view that the new system needs to be streamlined,\" convenor of the committee Lopez Mathew said.But conspicuous by their absence were students from different colleges in the district. \"This could be because the students are yet to have a full idea about the system as they have not completed their course in the new system,\" Lopez Mathew said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12170380", "title": "Border spats: India, China on same page", "text": "BEIJING: India and China on Tuesday agreed to call emergency meetings or hold video conferences whenever there are reports of disturbances on the border.Chinese foreign minister Yang Jeichi went a step ahead and said there was \"continued and sound growth\" in the relationship between the two countries.The decision was taken at the first meeting of the newly formed Working Mechanism for Consultation and Coordination on India-China Border Affairs in Beijing. Speaking at a press conference, Yang said both China and India needed to \"do the specifics well\" in implementing the agreements relating to border disputes.In the meeting attended by Gautam Bambawale, joint secretary (east Asia), it was also decided to explore additional routes for Indian pilgrims visiting Kailash Mansarovar.Another decision involved taking \"additional confidence-building measures\", the Indian embassy said in a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173167", "title": "Focus on RTE", "text": "The 12th Five-Year Plan will be focusing on the Right to Education (RTE) Act. Vatsala Shrangi reportsThe 12th Five-Year Plan, which has been delayed and likely to be released by April, is going to focus on the Right to Education (RTE) Act as its central theme. Apart from RTE, the other key areas will include higher education and the setting up of central universities.\"The 12th Five-Year Plan is still in its drafting stage. The two sectors - education and health - will be the focus this year. Under education, implementation of RTE, which had been allocated around rupees two lakh and thirty one thousand crore for the last five years, will be a priority. This means, approximately, around Rs 45-50,000 crore will be spent on its implementation every year, which is a big amount and has to be substantiated,\" says Mamta Verma, director, media, HRD, Press Information Bureau.ChallengesThe concern for RTE is understandable. According to the Annual Status of Education Report (Rural) 2011, private school enrolment is increasing in most states despite RTE. Since RTE came into force in 2010, the two major obstacles have been availability of teachers and setting up of neighbourhood schools. Presently, there is a shortage of nearly five lakh teachers while about three lakh teachers, teaching at the elementary level, are untrained.As per the RTE roadmap, neighbourhood schools are to be established and improved infrastructure to be ensured as per the pupil-teacher ratio (one teacher: 30 children) - both by March 2013. The provision for training untrained teachers is to be met by 2015.According to the annual report 2010-11 (MHRD), the provisions of RTE are being implemented through Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA). Accordingly, the SSA norms have been revised to align them with the requirement of the RTE Act. SSA is being implemented in partnership with state governments to cover the entire country and address the needs of 192 million children.Pending MattersAs to the other issues concerning higher education, Verma informs that the bill for setting up 15 more central universities in states like Rajasthan and Uttaranchal, passed three-four years ago, is being implemented now.As per the recent government decision to tone down its ambition to set up 14 Universities of Innovation, for which the HRD had moved a new Cabinet note without the numeric specification, she says, \"The government has withdrawn the numeric specification. This is because it doesn't have sufficient funds. It might finally end up setting up the universities, but the specification has been withdrawn for the time being.\"Besides, Verma concludes that the foreign university bill, which has been pending since 2009, is with the standing committee, which has made a few recommendations for it to go to the Cabinet. Then, it can be taken up in the Parliament for clearance, possibly this year itself.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "margao/panaji", "code": "12169253", "title": "Sudden death for Churchill, brother", "text": "MARGAO/PANAJI: The dream of the Alemao clan to hold sway over Goa's political scenario was shattered as all four candidates from the family lost to first-time contestants.PWD minister Churchill Alemao was defeated by BJP-backed independent Avertano Furtado in Navelim by 2,145 votes, while his brother urban development minister Joaquim Alemao was trounced by BJP's Subhash 'Rajan' Naik in Cuncolim by 1,313 votes. Churchill's daughter Valanka was defeated by Goa Vikas Party's Caetano Silva in Benaulim by 2,001 votes and Joaquim's son Yuri lost to BJP's Subhash Phaldessai by a slender margin of 438 votes.Asked what could be the possible reasons for his defeat, Churchill merely said, \"people know\". Asked if the family raj issue did him in, Churchill said, \"I don't think (so).\" Urban development minister Joaquim Alemao expressed bitterness over the people's verdict. \"After doing so much for the people ... development, employment, they didn't vote for me. I don't know why,\" Joaquim said.Yuri, however, said that the anti-Congress wave contributed to his defeat. Voters in North Goa have given a mixed response to Congress's family raj policy. The biggest loss for it is the defeat of its Ponda MLA and home minister Ravi Naik along with his son Ritesh in Marcaim constituency.In contrast, voters in Ponda taluka have opted for the family raj politics by electing the Dhavalikar brothers contesting on the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party ticket.The Madkaikar brothers - holding Congress tickets - saw mixed fortunes. Pandurang Madkaikar retained the Cumbharjua seat while Dhaku Madkaikar lost in Priol constituency. The Congress's gamble with family raj brought it some relief with the Monserrates and Ranes coming through. Outgoing speaker Pratapsingh Rane retained the Poriem seat for the 10th consecutive time and his son Vishwajit Rane held on to the Valpoi seat.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173309", "title": "Ajith in Race remake?", "text": "K-Town buzz says that the actor and director Venkat Prabhu may come together again for this flickIt looks like Kollywood is headed the Bollywood way as we hear rumours that the Hindi film Race will now be remade in Tamil. According to industry sources, Thala Ajith may be the front runner for the remake of this Saif Ali Khan-starrer.The buzz is that the actor has been keen on remaking this suspense thriller ever since it released in 2008. And since the rights to the film are held by a Mumbai-based production company, the whispers are that the company itself may produce it in Tamil as well.As for the director, there are several names being floated. However, post the success of Ajith's 50th film, Mankatha, Venkat Prabhu is hot in the movie market. And with Thala and Venkat Prabhu having met recently, there are rumours rife that the two will be working together again post Ajith's Vishuvardhan's project.In fact, Venkat Prabu also had posted on his social networking page that he'd like to work with the actor again. So will it be Ajith and Venkat in the race? We'll have to wait and watch!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12169500", "title": "Present tax collections perfect, fututre still tense", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana state's coffers are well-stacked for the time being. According to the finance department's annual economic survey, the total tax collection went up by a margin of 14.81% in the bygone financial year. The report, which compiles tax figures from the year 2010 until December 2011, also shows an overall increase in both value added tax (VAT) and central sales tax (CST) by 14.10% from the last year.The increased tax collection figures, being good economic indicators for growth, paint a relatively decent image of Haryana's financial status in a generally bleak scenario. VAT and CST collection in the report reached Rs 9356.48 crore in the year 2011, a significant improvement from the collection figures registered in 2010, which were around Rs 8,199 crore.According to officials of the finance department, the final target for the financial year 2011-2012 for VAT and CST collection is set as Rs 14,100 crore. Excise duty too accrued in the current financial year has gone up a notch from last year's reports. By December 2011, the excise collection had reached Rs 1971.69 crore, with the state expecting to reach Rs 2,600 crore by the end of the this financial year. Besides the taxes, this financial year's FDI inflow in Haryana has also been reasonably high at Rs 200 crore.Despite the numbers, state officials did acknowledge that the economic outlook remains uncertain. \"There is a general meltdown in the world economy and almost every country is facing an economic crisis, which is adversely affecting tax collection. Haryana being a surplus and exporting state, too, is severely affected by this phenomenon,\" said an official.Some new initiatives have also been announced this year, to alleviate the coming slow-down. \"In order to provide relief to the general public using Kerosene oil, VAT has been abolished on this commodity sold through the public distribution system,\" the official added. Besides, passenger tax on student bus passes has also been exempted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "12168388", "title": "CM launches work on Kanti power unit", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday launched the work on 195 MW capacity third unit of Kanti Bijli Utpadan Nigam (KBUN) by pushing a button to lift the boiler on the eastern side of the existing plant at Kanti. Addressing the local public on DAV School campus inside the restricted area, the CM announced that the sssfirst unit of Kanti power plant, which is presently under renovation, would be commissioned in April while the second unit would be operational from October next.The third unit on which work has been started on Tuesday would start generating power in next three years. The CM appealed to National Thermal Power Corporation CMD Arup Roy Chaudhary and Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) CMD B Prasad Rao, both of whom were present, to help the state to overcome its adversaries by extending full cooperation to complete all the new power projects on time.He made a fervent appeal to the NTPC CMD to start the work on the fourth unit also immediately. The CM assured the people that the state would not only be self-sufficient in power in next three to four years but it would also be in a position to supply power to other states after the commissioning of all the Kanti and Nabinagar power projects by that time.Reacting to a demand for 24-hour power supply by someone from the audience, Nitish said, \"Bijli ke liye bahut paapad belne parte hain.\" He said the state government had placed the demand for electrical equipment before BHEL in 2006 but it has been able to supply those machineries after six years. He said starting a new plant was not an easy task and narrated the problems being faced in Barh project.The CM said that originally the capacity of both the third and fourth units of Kanti, under its expansion plan, was 250 MW each. But the local Patahi airport authorities, working under Airport Authority of India, objected to the proposed height of the chimney. As a result, the height of the chimney had to be curtailed and then the capacity of the plant was also brought down to 195 MW.Earlier, the CMDs of both NTPC and BHEL, state's power minister, Bijendra Prasad Yadav and Kanti MLA, Ajit Kumar welcomed the CM on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168085", "title": "Nagpur Homoeopathy College students, teachers on strike", "text": "NAGPUR: Since the last 15 days, patients coming to Nagpur College of Homoeopathy (NCH) have been attended by undergraduate students. On Tuesday, the patients had to go back unattended as these students too joined their striking teachers who have not been paid salaries for the last eight months. Parents of students also gathered in the college to meet trustee GD Panpaliya, who has given them a written assurance of taking necessary action in next 15 days.The college lost its affiliation to Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) for current academic session owing to insufficient staff and infrastructure. The university has given Satchikitsa Prasarak Mandal Trust that runs the college a list of requirements that need to be fulfilled in order to regain affiliation. Students and parents say the management is not bothered to renew affiliation while the president of the trust Panpaliya says he is in talks with the university and the problems are being created by some staffers for maligning the college.\"Only 13% students of college have passed this year which was one of the reasons why MUHS disaffiliated it. The teachers have not been paid as there have been no admissions this year causing a financial loss to the tune of 2 crore. We offered to pay them half their salaries and pay the arrears later which they refused,\" clarified the trustee. Appointments are to be made by the principal, not by the management, he said. \"I have also spoken to MUHS officials about next year's affiliation process. Some teachers are doing all the mud-slinging for selfish reasons,\" he added.\"Several admissions had to be cancelled due to the loss of affiliation by MUHS last year. Now the future of over 200 of us already admitted too seems bleak. Our teachers have been considerate enough to finish our course before launching their strike. We wish that the matter gets sorted out and our studies resume soon,\" said a student of final year. A classmate of his added, \"we only learn 20% in theory. Most of what we learn is by observing our teachers in OPD. We had around 80 patients coming in everyday. Now only a few come, making it difficult for us to learn anything.\"Another student said the teachers were never treated with respect in the college by the management. \"Panpaliya would walk into the OPD or the classrooms and talk to the teachers in abusive language. He never speaks properly to us as well. In fact in the morning, he walked out of the meeting when our parents tried to talk to him,\" he said. The students then blocked his car not allowing him to leave without reaching a conclusion that he went back inside.\"We have paid annual fees of 45,000 to the college. It is the college's responsibility to conduct classes and provide teachers. The director, however, said he could do nothing,\" informed Vijay Singh Baghel, a parent. Another parent Archana Ajne said that Panpaliya had given a signed assurance that if there were no qualified teachers at all posts and the other discrepancies are not dealt with, he would resign.The striking medicos, too, have not been left alone. \"During the last fortnight, despite our peaceful protest, the director has tried provoking us many times. He has even lodged a police complaint against us and suspended some teachers and Class IV officials for supporting the strike,\" said a teacher Dr Abhilash Tripathi.Problems:College has been disaffiliated for current academic session due several shortcomings including insufficient staffSince 2000, staff members being sacked without any reasonNo teachers appointed for some yearsNo application for affiliation for next academic sessionInadequacies pointed out by MUHS:Insufficient teaching staffInsufficient hospital staffLess supply of medicinesAbsence of equipmentCollege has been disaffiliated for current session:Staff members being sacked without any reasonNo teachers appointed for some yearsInsufficient teaching and hospital staffDeficient supply of medicinesAbsence of required equipment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169275", "title": "Woman sacked for stealing chocolates, HC gives job back", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman employee of an Oberoi group flight catering firm, sacked for allegedly stealing a few chocolates meant for air passengers, has been restored her job by the Delhi high court.Over 11 years after she was sacked in July 2000, a bench of Justice P K Bhasin ordered the woman's reinstatement, setting aside the departmental inquiry findings of Oberoi Flight Services, which caters food and beverages to various airlines for their on-board passengers.While ordering restoration of the woman's job, the court also asked the firm to pay 40 per cent of her back wages for the period she was out of job.\"Since the alleged misconduct of the petitioner (woman) cannot be said to have been established by the respondent, management, this petition deserves to be allowed and is accordingly allowed. \"The labour court holding the petitioner guilty of committing theft of eleven chocolates and directing the management to award her appropriate punishment other than dismissal from service is also set aside,\" the court said. HC's judgment came on a plea by the woman, who worked as a cutlery packer with Oberoi Flight Services. She had sought quashing of the sacking order and setting aside of labour court findings.It was alleged that during a routine check up, the woman was caught taking away eleven chocolates (meant for British Airways passengers) while leaving the work premises on July 20, 2000. The woman's counsel told the court that \"a departmental inquiry, conducted against her, held her guilty of stealing chocolates and dismissed from her service on December 14, 2000, without hearing her.\"Her counsel said the chocolates were merely found in her possession, but it was never proved if they were stolen. \"The labour court was obliged to see if there was some evidence adduced in the inquiry to establish the real charge levelled against the woman and it could not wash its hands of the matter, the way it has done,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169574", "title": "Duplicate mobile battery making a countrywide racket", "text": "SURAT: Investigation in the duplicate mobile battery manufacturing racket unearthed in Vapi on Saturday has revealed that the unit operating was part of a countrywide racket.The accused had links with suppliers from all over the country and China as well. The batteries were first sold in Mumbai and then sent to different parts of the country, police said.During the raid police recovered mobile batteries worth Rs 2 crore, which were produced in the unit at Sarigam Industrial Estate near Vapi. The batteries were then pumped into the local market using names of various branded companies like Nokia and Sony Ericson . Ironically, the unit was operating with all the required government approvals needed for an industrial unit.The unit was registered in government records as a packaging unit and officials of factories department prior had even visited it before issuing approval. \"We are surprised that how the department of factories officials could not find out the difference between a packaging unit and a battery manufacturing unit. Further the excise officials also failed to identify it as a battery manufacturing unit,\" a police official in Vapi said.Police were also left puzzled when the operator of the manufacturing unit Manish Jain disclosed that he imported the parts of the battery from China and the unit in Sarigam was just an assembling unit. \"The police are investigating that how could the operators managed to keep it under cover even when imported raw material was used in the batteries. We will have to investigate in various directions to reach to the root of the entire network,\" superintendent of police in Valsad D B Vaghela said.\"Just one operation by police created havoc in the duplicate mobile product market in Mumbai. I believe that police cracked the main channel of the entire network as the grey market in Mumbai, which deals in duplicate products, remained closed for couple of days after the raids in Sarigam,\" Vaghela added.The accused has close ties in the Mumbai grey market as he was arrested in Bhiwandi in Thane district by Mumbai police in 2009 operating a similar unit. Due to increasing pressure in Maharashtra, he had shifted his base to south Gujarat, police believe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12170084", "title": "Power, gas crises put households in a fix", "text": "Mandakini B from Alwarpet started her day without her usual cup of coffee on Tuesday. Her refill gas cylinder hadn't arrived and there was no electricity in her area from 9am for the induction stove. With the LPG strike continuing, many people find themselves without gas. Even those who own microwaves or induction stoves are unable to use the appliances because of the power cuts.\"My landlady booked the gas cylinder a week ago but I haven't got it yet. Since there was no power, I couldn't use the induction stove that I bought to tide over such emergencies,\" says Mandakini, a 32-yearold working professional.Like her, scores of people who bought induction stoves and microwaves find that the appliances are of no use because of frequent power cuts. \"I use the cylinder provided by my landlady as I don't have proof of residence to get a gas connection in my name. The power cut wouldn't have been a problem if I had got my cylinder within two days as usual, but it has been delayed because of the strike,\" she says.The delay in LPG cylinder delivery has become severe in many parts of the city. Bindu V, a homemaker from Velachery, can book another cylinder only 10 days after a delivery has been made. Then it takes 20 days for the agency to deliver it. \"The gap between booking and delivery has been growing. In my house, one cylinder gets over in 25 days. So I got an induction stove despite having two cylinders,\" says the mother of two.As the LPG delivery situation has worsened, Poorna and her mother-in-law Shantha Ganesan have started planning better. \"As there was a scheduled power cut in Velachery today we finished cooking before 9am,\" says Ganesan. She uses the induction stove for cooking processes that take time, like boiling milk or vegetables. \"We monitor the usage carefully as gas cylinder delivery is unpredictable,\" says Ganesan.Parvathi Krishnan from Kotturpuram says, \"My gas refill has not arrived though I booked it 20 days ago. I am afraid to step out of the house as I don't want to miss the delivery guy. I usually go for a walk between 4pm and 6pm to avoid the power cut,\" she says.Bindu is already thinking about the next LPG delivery though she got one cylinder last week. \"There was delay in distribution before the strike started and I am sure that the next set of deliveries will be hit because of the problems now. With two small children in the house I can't plan everything,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169099", "title": "Pak tycoon woos business schools in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the city to woo business schools to take part in a student exchange programme with Pakistan, Syed Babar Ali, who founded the prestigious Lahore University of Management Sciences (Lums), on Tuesday hoped that barriers between the nations are permanently broken. \"We have been sending our students to Indian School of Business and IIM Ahmedabad and Bangalore for the last few years. But unfortunately no students from India have been coming to LUMS. We wish that barrier is broken,\" he said.The objective of this exchange programme, he believes, should not be restricted to students alone. The faculty from premier Indian institutions should also visit the neighbouring country. \"The student and faculty exchange programme will help shed the baggage of history. First-hand experience of Pakistan to Indians and vice versa would make a lot of difference in this direction.\"He met the ISB management on Tuesday and would be holding discussions with authorities of IIM Bangalore soon. The octogenarian Babar Ali is satisfied that the process of Pakistan granting India the status of Most Favoured Nation (MFN) has been completed. \"When China, the other big neighbour, can sell its goods in Pakistan why not India? India would have a fair opportunity to compete with the Chinese merchandise in Pakistan,\" he avers.Babar Ali, who has been involved in the Track Two diplomacy between India and Pakistan for better relations, says that the trade ties would go beyond selling goods and commodities. He believes that in the new era cross-border investments could become the norm. \"Removal of visa restrictions would open the gates, among other things, for 'religious tourism.' In India there are numerous shrines of saints and Sufis that are revered by the Pakistanis and in Pakistan there are places which are sacred to the Hindus and Sikhs,\" he says.For Babar Ali there have been two kings in India who stood up to British colonialists-one, Maharaja Ranjit Singh and the other Tipu Sultan. \"If there had been more such rulers, the history of India would have been different,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12170347", "title": "Dollar 15,000 plastic surgery for \u2018grumpy\u2019 dog", "text": "LONDON: An ailing bloodhound has got a new lease of life after his owners spent over \u00a310,000 ($15,797) to treat it and transform it from a \" grumpy old man\".Five-year-old Junior, who bears a striking resemblance to cartoon dog Droopy, has been transformed after having three operations and 39 stitches, his owners said.Junior, who has just added a tummy tuck to last year's facelift, has run up a surgeon's bill of more than \u00a310,000 in just two years, the Daily Mail reported.The dog suffers from a rare condition which causes excess skin to develop. The folds last year came close to blinding him, forcing his owner to opt for surgery. Now his owners, Denise and David Smart from Selby, North Yorkshire have have had to put Junior back under the knife to remove excess flaps dangling around his belly. Junior's facelift in 2010 cost \u00a31,200 while the latest surgery cost \u00a31,500. Further surgery and vet bills come to \u00a36,000, while medication tops \u00a31,000, the report said.But his owners say they had no reservations about getting the surgery. \"He must have felt awful for so long. He's like a child to us. It's taken years off him and he does look like a young man again,\" Denise said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169074", "title": "Thane corporator \u2018missing\u2019 no more", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday dismissed the habeas corpus petition for the production of Suhasini Lokhande after it was informed that the \"missing\" BJP corporator from Thane had been on a pilgrimage and had resurfaced.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode was hearing a petition filed on Monday by the president of BJP's Thane unit, Sandeep Lele, that sought Lokhande's production before the court. The petition said that Lokhande, her husband Sunil and son Saket were untraceable, and alleged the possible involvement of NCP in view of the Thane mayoral election.Additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia informed the court on Tuesday that Lokhande had returned. She pointed out that riots had broken out in Thane after news of Lokhande's supposed disappearance spread , because of which the entire police machinery had to be set in motion. She demanded that the perpetrators be made to pay the costs.Disposing of the petition, Justice Kanade quipped, \"She is loyal to the party. Why even doubt? You don't take proper care. Next time take proper care.\" Lele's counsel Ram Apte said, \"We were worried about her safety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169096", "title": "Pacts in Nashik, Aurangabad may be on the cards", "text": "MUMBAI: The newly-forged Shiv Sena-MNS partnership, as instanced by the Thane mayoral election on Tuesday, is bound to set alarm bells ringing in the ruling Congress-NCP alliance in Maharashtra, said political observers. Significantly, the Sena-MNS tango that took the wind out of the sails of the DF combine in Thane coincided with the Congress rout in the Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa assembly elections.Shiv Sena is expected to reciprocate Raj Thackeray's intervention in the lake city by backing his party in the Nashik mayoral election. The MNS has emerged as the single largest party in Nashik Municipal Corporation with 40 corporators, but, without the support of Sena and BJP's 35 corporators, it is unlikely to clinch the mayor's post.\"My support to the saffron allies in Thane is unconditional. I respect the fact that people's mandate is in favour of Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI. I will support them to ensure stability in the administration and for the city's planned development. I leave it to their (Sena leadership) conscience to decide on Nashik, where the mandate is heavily in my favour,\" Raj said at a press conference in Thane.In case the saffron combine does support the MNS in Nashik, it will be a major setback for public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal who is also the guardian minister of Nashik. Ever since the NMC poll results were declared, Bhujbal has been trying to keep the MNS away from power. He even tried to strike a deal with the Sena-RPI alliance by offering the mayor's post to an RPI corporator.A Sena-MNS tie-up will be seen in the Aurangabad zilla parishad as well, according to Chandrakant Khaire , the Sena MP from Aurangabad.Raj delivered the coup de grace to the NCP, which had pulled out all stops to wrest the Thane mayoralty from the Sena-BJP-RPI combine. By stating that he had backed the Sena unconditionally in order to fulfil Bal Thackeray's \"dream\" of putting Thane on the path of development, Raj struck a chord among the Shiv Sainiks.Although there was no official word from Matoshree on the Thane episode, Bal Thackeray and his son Uddhav are said to be \"amenable\" to the idea of a \"functional partnership\" with the MNS. \"It's fine by us if there is no reciprocal feeling from the Sena. We backed the Sena in Thane out of our deep respect for Balasaheb Thackeray\", said MNS functionary Avinash Abhyankar.The Sena-MNS jubilation in Thane following the poll victory indicated the upbeat mood among the grassroots workers of the two parties. State BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar welcomed the MNS' support, saying it \"will help accelerate Thane's development\".State NCP president Madhukar Pichad said he was not surprised by Raj's stand. \"Raj helped Uddhav in Badlapur and Kalyan municipal corporations. And now in Thane. I will not be surprised if Sena extends support to the MNS nominee in the Nashik mayoral election,'' Pichad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168710", "title": "Medical council disbanded, ad-hoc panel to review med complaints", "text": "KOLKATA: The virtually defunct West Bengal Medical Council has been disbanded and replaced by an ad-hoc committee that will now be in charge till 2015.Headed by Tridib Banerjee, the chairman of the task force on infant mortality who will be its president, the committee will have 10 members, including three government nominees. The medical council has not held its elections that were due in 2010. More than 300 cases of medical negligence are now pending before the council that has not been reviewing them for the last two years.\"Our first job will be to try and address these cases. We plan to begin as soon as possible,\" said Chatterjee. The first meeting of the committee will be held on March 12. Medics Nirmal Maji, Subroto Maitra, Sudipto Ray, Plaban Mukherjee and Rajib Gon Choudhury are the nominated members of the committee. The director of medical education, director of health services and assistant director of health services will be the ex-officio members.While the primary job of the medical council was to address medical negligence complaints, it has not been taking up cases ever since the last elections were cancelled in 2010. According to the health department, some members had continued to hold office even after their tenure expired. Six of them had resigned before the Assembly elections last year.\"The formation of the committee will at least ensure that the complaints are taken up. The last council had been non-functional, leading to a huge backlog of cases. It had left complainants with none to approach. Two years have been wasted and let's hope the new committee takes steps to ensure that the cases are disposed of fast,\" said P K Nemani, vice-president of the Indian Medical Council, West Bengal chapter.Elections for a new panel for the medical council will be held in due course, it was announced. \"The first priority is to have a functioning body. We shall conduct the elections in due course,\" said Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12168990", "title": "Protests over \u2018foreign\u2019 fest at district hotel", "text": "NASHIK: A number of organizations and individuals have voiced concern over the 'Tomatina Festival' being hosted at Hotel Shagun, Igatpuri, by an event management firm on Thursday. The festival involves crushing and throwing tomatoes at each other and the hotel is providing drinks and food for an entry fee.Organizations like Jeevan Utsav, Bharatiya Krushak Samaj and Shetkari Kamgar Paksha have voiced their dissent against a festival they say 'has no relevance with India's history and culture'. The Nirmalgram Nirman Kendra, Sarvodaya Samaj, Marathi Vidnyan Parishad and others said they had written to the CM and the home minister, calling the festival a crime against nature and humanity in a country where lakhs of people go hungry each day.\"Tomatoes are farm produce and considered a part of food and not industrial waste. Why should they misuse food for their so-called pleasure and link it with Holi,\" asked Ajit Takke, member, Marathi Vidnyan Parishad. The firm hosting the festival is headed by Pankaj Patil. Patil said his company had bought five tonnes of tomatoes from farmers at a good price, claiming that they had hence helped farmers. \"I have taken all the permissions and paid the taxes required,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169852", "title": "Assembly election 2012 results: Now, UPA faces greater uncertainty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh, by virtue of its monstrous size, has always been the mother of all state elections. But this time around, it was invested with even greater importance because of Rahul Gandhi's brave decision to stake his personal appeal on it.In the event, Congress's big bout before the 2014 Lok Sabha elections turned into a big rout on Tuesday as Mulayam Singh Yadav's Samajwadi Party crushed Mayawati's BSP and Rahul's aspirations for scripting his party's resurgence in UP. Congress also lost in Punjab - which it was tipped to win - and Goa, and fell short of the majority mark in Uttarakhand.Congress fared miserably, managing only 28 seats in UP - just six more than its disastrous score five years ago. The performance was, in fact, worse than the worst-case scenario drawn up by the party, raising a big question mark on the effectiveness of Rahul as a vote-catcher. Coming after the party's rout in Bihar two years ago, the UP debacle appeared to underline the limits of the appeal of the party's mascot.A win in tiny Manipur can hardly be a consolation for a party that was looking for a big bounce from what it thought would be a Super Tuesday. It was banking on a win in Punjab and Uttarakhand as well as a perceptible improvement in UP to bring some respite for the UPA government at the Centre, which has been hit by scams and is hamstrung by a growing perception of inaction.The results have put paid to any hopes of the UPA regaining an upper hand in decisionmaking, and in negotiations with assertive allies like Mamata Banerjee. Mulayam's victory means that Congress cannot hope to automatically get the SP to play the buffer against Didi's maverick ways.While the UPA can expect the support of the 22 BSP members in Lok Sabha since Mayawati won't want early elections, its space for manoeuvre will remain cramped not just in pushing through big-ticket economic reforms but also on contentious measures like the NCTC. The results may have also queered Congress's chances of getting its own nominee elected in the presidential elections in July.What it means for politics and policy:Presidential PollsThe Congress commands a little over 30% of the electoral votes; with allies this could be 40%. But allies like Trinamool and NCP may not rubber-stamp Congress choice. So, it must nominate a candidate who is accepted by regional parties and whom the BJP finds hard to oppose. This may see Cong hunting for a well respected minority or dalit figure.Balancing BudgetThe given wisdom is that presenting a hard Budget to check the fiscal deficit will now be difficult for Pranab Mukherjee . Populism is expected to be back on the agenda. But equally, the FM might pitch for measures to improve the economy and argue that this will pay greater political dividends than economically-crippling sops.Policy Paralysis?Supporting SP in UP in return for its support at Centre would have suited Congress best. Now, any deal will be one-sided. So, UPA stays dependent on Mamata, making key reforms tough. Even allies like NCP might flex muscles. Congress will have to heed suggestions of BJP and regional parties if crucial bills are to be passed.2014- Or Earlier?Number of parties who favour early polls has risen. Any LS race would be wide open due to Congress's decline and BJP's inability to make matching gains. Still, state bosses like Mamata, Nitish, Patnaik Jayalalithaa and Mulayam would root for an opportunity to cash in on their popularity. Even BJP has indicated it's ready to face polls. No clear national winner.But while Congress was a loser, the results did not throw up a national winner, highlighting once again the political fragmentation that has compelled patchwork coalitions at the Centre and prevented successive regimes from taking bold decisions even on issues that cry out for attention.The Congress's torment was caused by two father-son duos, Mulayam-Akhilesh in UP and Parkash-Sukhbir Badal in Punjab, as they moulded a winning formula of projecting change with continuity.SP's 224 seats is the biggest-ever for any one party in the last two decades. It surpassed BJP's tally in 1991, won on the back of a surcharged Ram temple movement (also Uttarakhand had not been formed then and the UP assembly's strength was 425). The victory was facilitated by the solid support of Muslims to the SP as well as the appeal of a sober Akhilesh among sections that have historically been opposed to SP and on whom Rahul had banked.Even as SP more than doubled its tally by 128 from 96, and BSP crashed to 80 from 206, Congress and BJP (which slipped to 47 from 50) were reduced to the status of 'alsorans' in a state where both must do well if they wish to lead a coalition at the Centre in two years' time. The success of Akhilesh along with those of B C Khanduri in Uttarakhand and Manohar Parrikar in Goa disprove those who consider moderation and sobriety a handicap in politics.Congress's defeat in Punjab was a shocker, even if not on the scale of UP. The Badals defied the entrenched revolving-door pattern in Punjab where power has changed hands every five years. The Badal &amp; Badal show helped ally BJP to show up as retaining power in Punjab and cover up the magnitude of its failure in UP.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170046", "title": "Cotton scarves offer best protection from Sun", "text": "VARANASI: The comfortable Sun of the spring season has started causing blisters. It has reset the trend of wearing scarves and gloves. From past few years, the trend of covering Sun-exposed skin with gloves and scarves to prevent ultra violet (UV) radiations that cause sunburn, sun tanning and pigmentations has increased. Not only girls but even boys, especially college-goers, prefer to cover their hands and face while venturing out in the Sun.However, experts say care should be taken while choosing the right material to cover the face and exposed skin. While talking to buyers at various shops in the city, it was realised that not many girls are aware of the right quality of gloves and scarves that prevent the penetration of harmful UV rays.According to a Dimple Kumar, a shopkeeper at Dalmandi market, synthetic material, especially printed silk scarves, are more in fashion and in demand as compared to cotton. But, it is a wrong trend. \"There are Sun protection clothes available as well that are treated with a particular chemical so that they can reflect and avoid the absorption of UV rays. However, due to a wide range of fancy coverings available in the market, people do not buy them, therefore we have not been keeping a stock anymore,\" informed Fahran, another shopekeeper at Godowlia Market.\"People generally overlook this fact but the piles of designer synthetic scarves and stoles protect from pigmentations but at the same time do not absorb the sweat and also give rise to various infections as the skin finally suffocates,\" informed Shalini, a skin care expert at a beauty clinic in the city.\"While choosing scarf and gloves, I mainly look for colour and good prints,\" admitted Shreya, a class XII student. \"Stylish scarves and skin coloured gloves go well with any clothing and have become an affordable way to accessorise yourself and stay with the trends,\" claimed Srishti Shukla a management executive in the city.While some girls believe that wearing gloves and scarfs make them look trendy, girls who drive two wheelers are rather more aware about chosing the right material. According to Monika Patel, student of Banaras Hindu University (BHU), wearing scarves and gloves does not alone protects from sun burns and sun tanning, it saves skin from dust. \"While buying a glove and scarf, I prefer to chose cotton material rather than printed synthetic fabric, I am amazed how some people still prefer thin scarf of silk,\" she added. \"A dark coloured cloth is always better than a light coloured cloth, moreover, wearing a scarf is just a mental satisfaction that if we are walking in Sun we are protected as Sun burns and Sun tanning can happen even in less scorching Sun,\" said Akanksha Gupta, a research scholar at Banaras Hindu University. \"I personally do not believe in such coverings and apply sunscreen and use a cotton 'dupatta' or cap to cover my head to avoid heat stroke,\" said Saba Haider a student of a private college.According to a dermatologist, Dr Arvind Singh, ultra violet A (UVA) and ultra violet B (UVB) rays radiated from Sun can burn and age the skin. \"While UVA radiations are more dangerous as compared to UVB rays, which is more dominant during the early hours specially 8 am to 10 am and 2 pm to 4 pm, so one needs to protect the skin during these hours, which are mistakenly considered less harmful,\" informed Arvind.\"Covering the skin in the first place reduces the risk of tanning to a great extent, however it should be made clear that while silk and synthetic clothes ability to protect the skin is scaled between 20-30%, cotton clothes offer greater protection. With every layer of cotton cloth, the protection from UV rays increases exponentially,\" he said. According to him, a number of people have the habit of keeping their gloves in their vehicle itself, which is not good from hygiene point of view as it may lead to infections. These clothes should never be reused after one day.According to Skin Cancer Foundation, dark clothes protect against the UV rays better than light coloured clothes, fabrics used for this purpose are treated with special chemical. If there are no such clothes available in the market, then bleached cotton clothes provide a better option to cope with sunburns and skin tanning.\"The best way to avoid tanning and sun burns is to use an umbrella. At the same time, a good sunscreen with Sun Protection Factor (SPF) as per the climate of Varanasi ranging from SPF 20 to SPF 30 should be applied at least half and hour before venturing out in the Sun,\" informed Dr Arvind.It is noteworthy that with the increasing mercury, the sale of scarves, gloves and sunglasses has gone up. According to Goldie, an optician at Dalmandi Market, sun glasses ranging from Rs 100 to Rs 4,000 are available in the market and the maximum purchasers are boys who end up buying low cost sunglasses.According to Dr Arvind, not many local sun glasses are UV protected. In fact these glasses are more harmful, because after wearing them, people walk in the Sun without umbrella or shade thinking they are UV protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170142", "title": "Girls in 9 districts can now have menstrual hygiene", "text": "PUNE: A union government scheme that offers sanitary napkins at highly subsidized rates to adolescents in nine districts of Maharashtra will roll out in the next few days. It will promote menstrual hygiene and safety from disease among girls in the 10 to 19 age group.The Rs 150-crore scheme will be launched in 150 districts across the country in the first phase. Experts and health activists said the initiative was a good one, coinciding with Women's Day on Thursday. Menstrual hygiene is important from the health, social and human rights angle. Adolescent girls constitute 11% of the state's population.\"The selected districts in Maharashtra are Dhule, Nandurbar, Akola, Buldhana, Amaravati, Latur, Beed, Satara and Osmanabad. Adolescent girls between 10 and 19 years living in rural parts are entitled to get a pack of sanitary napkins at highly subsidised rates every month,\" state's deputy secretary R S Jadhav stated in the state government's resolution (GR) issued on Tuesday.Uddhav Gavande, additional director, state family welfare bureau said the packs will be made available at primary health centres (PHCs) in these districts in the next few days. Women health activists, under Asha (Accredited Social Health Activist) banner, will have to deliver them to the adolescents girls in their area for Rs 6 per pack every month. As an incentive, Asha will get Re 1 per pack delivered.There will be emphasis on awareness about exercising hygiene during menstruation and proper disposal of napkins, Gawande said.According to India Sanitation Portal, an open web-based platform for sharing sanitation knowledge among practitioners and general public , hygiene-related practices of women during menstruation are of considerable importance, as it may increase vulnerability to Reproductive Tract Infections (RTIs). Poor menstrual hygiene is one of the major reasons for high prevalence of RTIs in the country and contributes significantly to female morbidity. Most adolescent girls in villages use cloth during menstruation, increasing susceptibility to RTI.Senior health activist Anant Phadke said, \"Poor menstrual hygiene in developing countries has been an insufficiently acknowledged problem. The step is definitely welcome. However, the cost charged has the scope to get further curtailed as the actual production cost involved in manufacturing sanitary napkins is less than Rs 6.\"The scheme hopes to cover the country's 1.5-crore girls between 10 and 19 years every month. \"In Maharashtra, the scheme will cover the remaining districts during the next phase of implementation,\" Gawande said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12170009", "title": "Tana Bhagats organize 'havan' to root out corruption", "text": "GUMLA: Tana Bhagats on Friday organized a 'havan' on the court premises here to remove corruption. They barricaded the place with bamboos and put up their flags and banners around it.Altogether 50 Tana Bhagats, including women from Gumla, Ghaghra and Sisai blocks, clad in traditional white clothes started their anti-graft agitation in their own style and circulated handbills, which contained three demands, including conveyance for their campaign, eradication of corruption from blocks and recruitment of teachers in schools.Sukhdeo Tana Bhagat said people face a lot of problems at the block office in getting their work done. They will continue their havan till their demands are met. \"Tana Bhagats have taken a pledge to root out corruption prevailing in the country,\" he added.\"We also want block officials and other staff members to take pledge against corruption,\" said Gandura Tana Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168454", "title": "Manipal rowdy palmed off baking soda as cocaine", "text": "BANGALORE: He was a cheat and rowdy-sheeter from Manipal in Udupi district. But Suresh Pujari alias Golden Suresh, 32, broke the code of the underworld and paid dearly for it.Suresh showed cocaine samples to win clients' trust and then palmed off baking soda while selling the narcotic in large quantities. That landed him in police custody on Monday. The Central Crime Branch arrested Suresh and recovered 10gm of cocaine, a Maruti Swift car, 850gm gold jewellery, a couple of mobile phones as well as debit and credit cards.\"Suresh would offer cocaine samples obtained from Manipal to customers. The impressed customers would place orders for large quantities - in the range of 1kg to 2kg. Suresh delivered baking soda instead of cocaine to unsuspecting customers and collected money from them,\" police said.Suresh allegedly collected Rs 15 lakh to Rs 25 lakh for 1kg of cocaine but instead delivered baking soda that costRs 80 per kg. The customers would then realize they'd been taken for a ride. They wouldn't complain to police as they too would have been arrested for buying narcotics.Tipped off by a victim, CCB sleuths laid a trap for Suresh and fixed a deal with him. He was arrested when he came to deliver a consignment of fake cocaine to undercover sleuths. He was remanded to judicial custody and sent to Parappana Agrahara Central Jail.Crime FileSuresh is involved in at least 12 criminal cases, including two for attempt to murder, eight for life threat and criminal intimidation and one for rioting in Kundapura, Udupi and Kota police stations. Bangalore police expect Udupi district cops to seek his custody as he has been evading several summons and warrants from district courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169327", "title": "Now, high-rise buildings to adhere strictly to fire safety guidelines", "text": "JAIPUR: The fire department has included stringent provisions in the state fire Act in order to put pressure on builders of high-rise buildings to comply with fire safety guidelines.As per the proposed draft of fire Act, builders have to adhere to fire safety guidelines mentioned in the National Building Code of India to obtain No Objection Certificate (NOC), from the fire department. The defaulters will be imposed a penalty of Rs 50,000 and their buildings could also be seized. Jail term for three months for the defaulters has also been proposed. Chief fire officer, Ishwar Lal Jat said, \"Some big builders could easily escape by paying the penalty. We have planned to keep the provision for penalty so that maximum builders will follow the new system.\"It will be necessary for all high-rise buildings including schools, hospitals, and hotels , commercial buildings higher than 15 metres to obtain an NOC. The divisional fire officer, chief fire officer and director general fire will have the authority to seize the building after issuing a notice in absence of fire safety guidelines. \"It has been proposed that the NOC fees will vary according to the category of the building. It will be a source of revenue earning and department can be updated with new equipment.\"The fire department has also proposed that the high-rise building should construct a corridor of 25 feet on each side of the building, so that big fire tenders such as snorkel ladder can move easily in case of an emergency. Jat said, \"According to the existing by-laws the corridor of three-and-a-half metres along the building is constructed. This was for small fire tenders. The provision is been included looking at the present situation.\"According to the officials, once the Act comes into force the department will also issue notices to the existing buildings. Jat said \"There are around 550 high rises in the city and 90% of the high-rise buildings, residential and commercial, are not complying with the safety guidelines of Jaipur Municipal Corporation.\"Also most owners of the high-rise buildings have never tried to obtain the NOC as obtaining such a certificate makes it necessary for them to have proper firefighting measures. These measures are automatic sprinklers, hose reels, fire detection system and hydrants, which are mandatory in high-rise buildings, and have also been mentioned in the National Building Code of India.The draft has been prepared by the committee under the chairmanship of the additional director general and had conducted a comprehensive survey of the fire services in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12170062", "title": "Private engineering colleges to cut down on IT seats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Around 4,000 undergraduate private engineering seats, mainly in information technology and computer science disciplines, will be abolished in the state from the coming academic year, the entrance examination for which is scheduled on May 6, sources said. At the same time, many colleges are increasing seats in the core disciplines of mechanical, electrical and civil.Confirming the development, Odisha Private Engineering College Association (OPECA) honorary secretary Binod Dash said around 60 colleges will shut down certain streams or reduce the intake capacity, trimming down the seats by 4,000. \"The colleges wanting to close the courses for past two years got no objection certificates (NOC) from the state recently,\" Dash said.Synergy group, promoted by Dash, closed down its IT stream officially from this year, for which it had stopped admission for the past two years. \"The group will increase seats for mechanical and electrical seats at its Dhenkanal college besides mechanical stream in its Bhubaneswar college by 30 each,\" Dash said.Seats in IT, computer science and applied electronics &amp; instrumentation are largely vacant over the years while demands for the core streams have gone up among students. \"Given a chance most students prefer to join a core sector job. That is why demands for IT and computer science have severely gone down, said Amiya Rath, principal of DRIEMS, a private engineering college.Rath said though they have not closed down their IT stream, it is increasingly becoming difficult to sustain. \"We have kept it still hoping of a change in the market situation,\" he said. When contacted, promoters of five other institutions, which are closing down their IT streams in the state, preferred not to be named as \"talk of closing down sends negative sentiments for the entire institute in the market.\"Apex Group director Sangram Mudali said it was a natural course correction for the engineering colleges as too many undergraduate seats were created for IT compared to the core subjects. \"Now that there is more demand for civil and mechanical. It is natural for institutes to change them accordingly,\" he said. Mudali, however, said that several institutes, including Apex were not downsizing IT stream. \"All our IT seats are getting filled. Those institutes lacking quality are facing problems,\" he added.Of the 37,800 engineering seats in 110 technical institutes of the state over 24,000 seats remained vacant in 2011-12. Around 18,000 seats were vacant a year before in 2010. Dash said there would not be much difference in the total number of engineering seats available next year because of the increase in seats of core disciplines.Educationists said the increasing demand for core sector is promoting the colleges to divert their infrastructure by cutting down courses less in demand. \"Demands for IT and computer science have gone down because of fluctuation in the market while boom in construction and power infrastructure has propelled demands for civil, mechanical and to some extent electrical wings. The colleges are consolidating their infrastructure accordingly,\" said B K Nanda, vice-chancellor of Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology, Burla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12172074", "title": "UP Polls: Muslims prefer Mulayam over Congress's Muslim quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 2012 UP elections saw a keen among political parties to win over Muslims who can tilt balance in 140 out of total 403 assembly constituencies in the state. While The Congress played the quota card, SP announced to work for constitutional amendment to provide 18% separate reservation for the Muslims and BSP gave tickets to 85 Muslims, maximum in comparison to others. However, Muslims largely voted for the SP helping it to win the elections with majority. In fact, SP won 224 seats, which is maximum won by any party in last three decades.There are around 140 constituencies in UP where Muslims are above 30% of the population. While in 73 assembly seats the community is between 20-29% of the population, its population is over 30% in 67 constituencies. The results of these 140 constituencies show that SP won 72, which is more than half. BSP also got Muslim votes and it won 27 seats, whereas Congress won only 11 despite its Muslim quota card. In fact, Congress leaders cross swords with the Election Commission for promising midway during elections that the quota will be doubled if Muslims will vote for the party. The Congress also tried to cash on Batla house encounter in which two youth of Azamgarh suspected to be terrorists were killed. However, it failed to click. Congress's ally RLD won two Muslim dominated seats. Similarly, the Peace Party of India, a Muslim based party which was expected to spoil the prospects of big players, could win only three. Quami Ekta Dal won and Itehadi-Millet-Council one seat each.The results also show that BJP 25 Muslim dominated seats, which means the party was able to polarise votes on communal lines on the issue of Muslim quota. In fact, BJP had brought Uma Bharti from Madhya Pradesh to UP to campaign for the party with a strong hindutava appeal. Uma succeeded upto some extent. She won elections from Charkhari in Bundelkhad and helped party win two more seats from Bundelkhand. Besides her hectic campaign against Muslim quota, particularly in constituencies dominated by backward classes led to polarisation of votes. BJP also used sacked BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha to campaign against Muslim quota. The party described Muslim quota as unconstitutional. It also tried to convince most backward classes that Muslim quota will eat into their share of reservation provided under other backward classes.There is 27% reservation in government jobs and educational institutions for other backward classes. However, the benefit of the reservation has been availed mostly by the dominant backward classes like Yadav and Kurmis. The most backward classes are not able to avail the quota because of poverty and lack of education. Uma and Kushwaha belong to most backward classes. Hence, BJP used them for polarisation of votes. Political analysts said that because of Uma, BJP was able to retain its tally to 50, otherwise its performance would have been pathetic.Also, over 55 Muslims candidates won elections this time. The figure can increase as results of some constituencies is yet to be declared. SP had fielded 75 Muslims candidates this time, of which 32 won, which is all time high for the party. The BSP had put up 85 Muslim candidates, of which 12 won. Only one Congress Muslim candidate won. In comparison, two Muslim candidates each of the Peace Party and Qaumi Ekta Dal won in their respective constituencies.In 2007, Sp had fielded 58 Muslim candidates, of which 21 won. The BSP had put up 61 Muslim candidates, of which 29 won. The Congress had given tickets to 49 Muslim candidates but none of them won. The RLD had put up three Muslims and all of them won. Three won as independents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168973", "title": "Taj Banjara lake STP work stalled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bowing to the demands of residents and activists who have been crying foul over the construction of a Sewerage Treatment Plant (STP) right in the middle of the Taj Banjara lake, government authorities have now stalled all work at the site. During a recent inspection of the lake, Chandana Khan, principal secretary, tourism, directed the municipal staffers to immediately vacate the area and stop construction of the aeration tank that was, according to residents, being built on the full tank level (FTL) of the water body thus damaging it further.Khan also proposed the setting up of a special committee to study the STP project and decide if it was required to be built on the lake. The committee, chaired by Navin Mittal, special commissioner, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), is expected to submit its report in a month's time.\"We have not received any formal communication regarding this as yet. However, the principal secretary, tourism, is on the job and a decision will be taken soon,\" said Mittal. He added, \"The committee will address various issues such as the requirement of the STP, its location and whether it is permissible under law or not.\"\"There were a lot of complaints from residents about the lake. So I held a meeting there and decided to form a committee to look into the matter. The details of the committee will be known in the next two-three days,\" Chandana Khan said.Social activists, who are part of this committee, said that the body would in all likeliness comprise members from various government bodies apart from residents of the area. \"It is learnt that GHMC officials, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), Water Board, state tourism department, GVK (also a partner in the project), civil society representatives and independent water experts will be roped in for the job,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convenor of Save Our Urban Lakes (Soul), that has been fighting for the protection of the lake for several years. While Jairath feels that an STP is unnecessary considering that a pipeline has already been laid to drain the sewerage water out of the lake, she said that a final decision will be taken once the committee prepares its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12169048", "title": "Mixed reponse to Cong's family raj politics in North Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Voters in North Goa have given a mixed response to Congress' family raj policy. The biggest loss for it is the defeat of its Ponda MLA and home minister Ravi Naik along with his son Ritesh Naik in Marcaim constituency.Ravi Naik lost to MGP's Lavoo Mamledar by 3,190 votes.In contrast, voters in Ponda taluka instead have opted for the family raj politics by the Dhavalikar brothers contesting on the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party. Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar retained the Marcaim seat beating Ritesh Naik by 7,230 votes, while Pandurang 'Dipak' Dhavalikar won the Priol seat beating independent candidate Govind Gaude by 2,100 votes. The Madkaikar brothers - holding Congress tickets - saw mixed fortunes. Pandurang Madkaikar retained the Cumbharjua seat beating Nirmala Sawant by 1,575 votes, while Dhaku Madkaikar lost in Priol constituency managing a third place finish.The Congress' gamble with family raj though brought it some relief in Tiswadi and Sattari with the Monserrates and Ranes coming through at the poll hustings. Pratapsingh Rane retained the Poriem seat beating Vishwajit Krishnarao Rane by 2547 votes, while his son Vishwajit Rane held on to the Valpoi seat beating Satyavijay Naik by 2939 votes.Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate survived a scare in a tough battle against MGP's Dinar Tarcar and Rudolf Fernandes, independent candidate and son of St Cruz MLA Victoria Fernandes. Monserrate beat Fernandes by 2,336 votes to emerge victorious in St Cruz constituency. Monserrate's move of stepping into St Cruz paid off as wife Jennifer Monserrate held fort in the Taleigao constituency, which was represented by her husband since 2002. Jennifer beat BJP's Dattaprasad Naik by 1,151 votes.TOI asked Goa Pradesh Congress Committee spokesperson Mauvin Godinho whether family raj politics has proved to be the Congress' undoing in Goa, to which he replied, \"The results are there for anyone to see. I don't think that there is anything left to say.\"Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12168802", "title": "Kidnapped forest officers released near highway in Karbi Anglong dist", "text": "GUWAHATI: After some 60 tense hours, Karbi Anglong chief conservator of forest Abhijit Rabha and biodiversity range officer Ranjan Barua, who were allegedly abducted by Karbi Peoples' Liberation Tigers (KPLT) militants on March 3, were released near a highway at Bokolia area in Karbi Anglong district on Tuesday.A police patrol group on Tuesday morning saw the officers coming down a hilly range in the area at around 6am. They were immediately taken to Diphu for health check-ups. Rabha, who has been suffering from diabetes , and Barua were later reported to be fit by doctors.On Monday, the state government confirmed that the forest officers were abducted by the KPLT. Though the outfit and other Karbi militant groups denied kidnapping the duo, police on Tuesday once again reconfirmed that the abductors were KPLT rebels.\"They were released last night near Bokolia area in the district. Policemen saw them walking down the hills. We are sure that they were kidnapped by KPLT militants. Both of them are now doing fine healthwise,\" said Karbi Anglong SP D B Chetry.\"We were shifted to several locations after we were kidnapped. The kidnappers communicated in some local language. Though they did not tell us the name of their organization, we are sure that it was a local outfit,\" said Barua after his medical check-up.Earlier, sources had said that the abductors had demanded a ransom of Rs 1 crore for the release of the officials. However, it was unclear whether they were released after payment of the ransom. \"We have no information on this. Besides our search operation, the militant group has been facing a tremendous pressure from various local groups to release the officers and being a local group themselves, they are bound to listen to the public. They released the kidnapped officials under this pressure,\" added the SP.The state forest department, wildlife groups and other environmentalists groups working in the region expressed their happiness at the officials' release.The two officers were kidnapped on Saturday at around 1.30 pm when they were returning from the Sinhasan hills in the district where they had gone with a 60-member delegation, including two Japanese botanists, to conduct a forest department survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12168213", "title": "Google replaces Android Market with Play", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google on Tuesday brought in a few sweeping changes to the way it distributes content on its Android platform, which powers millions of smartphones in the world. It replaced several Google services, including Android Market, with Google Play, a virtual store that will not only offer apps to smartphone users but also ebooks, videos and music.Introducing the new virtual store, Jamie Rosenberg, director of digital content, at Google wrote that the Play is \"entirely cloud-based so all your music, movies, books and apps are stored online, always available to you, and you never have to worry about losing them or moving them again\".\"On your Android phone or tablet, we'll be upgrading the Android Market app to the Google Play over the coming days. Your videos, books and music apps (in countries where they are available) will also be upgraded to Google Play Movies, Google Play Books and Google Play Music apps,\" wrote Rosenberg. In India, videos, books and music is not available through Google store at the moment.Rosenberg added that to celebrate Play, \"Google will be offering a different album, book, video rental and Android app at a special price each day for the next week in 7 Days to Play sale.\" In India, only the apps will be available for the special price of around 49 cents (Rs 24.27).Some of the popular apps that were part of the special sale on the first included SwiftKey X, World of Goo, Shadowgun, Dead Space, Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit and Business Calendar.Google's decision to unify all its content offerings in place is the company's attempt to take on Apple's iTunes and Amazon. Over the years, Apple has made iTunes a cornerstone of its market strategy and uses it to serve content on iPhone , iPad and Mac conputers. Amazon, meanwhile, is using its digital store to sell content to consumers directly as well as through its Fire tablet.Google, which is planning to introduce its own tablet this year, is hoping that by unifying the content in one place, it will be able to serve and retain its customers more successfully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168016", "title": "City UPites welcome Mayawati\u2019s ouster", "text": "NAGPUR: Uttar Pradesh maybe far away but people living in city who have migrated from Northern India long back and settled down in the city are happy to see Mayawati defeated in elections there. Overall though, the assembly elections of UP have evoked mixed reactions.Some welcomed the mandate. Reacting to BSP's debacle and Congress poor performance, trader Rajesh Mishra pointed out that Congress had looted taxpayer's money in Centre while Mayawati ruined UP. Both parties deserve the punishment they got, he added.If the Congress wanted to retain UPA government at the centre, it's time for it to perform. \"If this budget doesn't give any direction to the economy, Congress is likely to find itself in a mess in 2014, because next year's budget would be too late to do anything,\" he added.Science teacher with Vincent Palloti School Meena Singh was happy that Mayawati is not getting second innings. She said that like Lalu Prasad Yadav, who ruined Bihar, Mayawati had damaged UP. According to her it was a wake up call for the Congress for 2014 elections. \"The poor showing also signals that people are frustrated by delay in reforms, price rise and corruption. Against this backdrop, there is a risk that the government might opt for a more populist budget and rethink decision to trim subsidies which might hurt its support base,\" she said.Endorsing Singh, senior BJP corporator Dayashankar Tiwari said that UP people were angry against Mayawati and Samajwadi Party managed to encash the sentiment. Even though BJP failed to fare well, Tiwari is happy Congress also performed poorly.\"Congress has never been in a worse position than now. It has lost hold over North India. Rahul Gandhi can never surpass the massive one-time mandate gained by his father Rajiv Gandhi. Rahul's debacle is particularly glaring as party has failed in its pocket boroughs of Rae Bareli and Amethi,\" he added. Despite UPA's two term in Centre, Congress could not get along with its allies, he said.President of Uttar Bharatiya Sabha (Vidarbha) Umakant Agnihotri felt that ouster of BSP was the result of what Mayawati did in the state. He, however, was happy with Congress performance. He said the party fared well and increased its tally from 21 seats last time. Congress is out of power in UP for 22 years and it would improve definitely in 2017 elections, he claimed.Everyone was of the opinion that whoever ruled the state must pay attention to law and order and overall development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmadabad", "code": "12167734", "title": "Uttar Pradesh voters elect IIM Ahmedabad ex-professor, reject gangster jailed in city", "text": "AHMADABAD: Not many in the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) were surprised when their former faculty member Abhishek Mishra won the Lucknow North seat by 4,000 votes in the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections on Tuesday. In recent years, there has been growing interest in politics and governance at IIM-A. Mishra, who is the son of former bureaucrat IAS J S Mishra, quit his job of teaching business policy at IIM-A to join the Samajwadi Party .IIM-A graduate from 2005 batch Sarath Babu contested as an independent candidate from the South Chennai constituency during the 2009 Lok Sabha Elections. Babu contested again in the 2011 Tamil Nadu assembly elections as well but lost in both. Another 1978 batch graduate from IIM-A, PD Rai, is the Member of Parliament representing Sikkim.Senior faculty at IIM-A, Anil Gupta said, \"I have already sent my congratulations to him. I hope that he will set a new trend of accountability and efficiency. With the kind of credentials that he has, I have high hopes from him that he will bring the needful change.\"While four students chose to intern with APJ Abdul Kalam in 2010, the number increased to six in 2011. An official from Kalam's office, who was part of the recruitment said, \"During the last recruitment for summer internship, we saw that an increasing number of IIM-A students are taking interest in social sector. We think that this is a very good sign.\"There has also been an increase in the number of students choosing to intern with city-based organization, National Innovation Foundation (NIF), which focuses in supporting grassroots innovations. While four IIM-A students chose to intern with the organization in 2010, in 2011, eleven students went to intern with the organization.The increase in students' interest in the area of policy making and politics is also reflected in elective courses like 'public policy' which has received 60 percent more students last year. While the course was introduced in 2010 with around 50 students opting for the course, in 2011 the number of students opting for the course increased to around 80 students.Assembly elections news 2102UP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170170", "title": "No water in some parts of city on Friday", "text": "PUNE: There will be no water in western parts of the city on Friday, due to repair work being carried out to repair a valve on the pipeline near Netajinagar.The areas affected will include Netajinagar, Wanowrie, Azadwadi, Tatya Tope Society, NIBM Road, Kondhwa Khurd, Raheja Garden, Parmar Nagar, Shanti Nagar and Salunke Vihar. Water supply will be restored on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169449", "title": "Haryana not in a hurry for a CBI probe in forest scams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Tuesday indicated that it was not too eager or in a hurry to execute Union government's recent missive asking the state for a CBI probe into allegations levelled by Sanjeev Chaturvedi, an IFS officer, into forest scams.In a statement presented before the house during the Vidhan Sabha session, the Haryana environment and forest minister Ajay Singh said the communication from the Central government had come in the wake of the two-member inquiry committee of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) which has been termed ultra vires.Even as the Ambala Cant MLA and leader of the BJP legislative party Anil Vijh made an attempt to refer to the two communications by Union ministers Jai Ram Ramesh and Jayanti Natarajan, who had expressed dissatisfaction with the reply given by the Haryana government in response to a communication last year, Ajay Singh went on to say, \"This inquiry committee has been held to be ultra vires by the department of personnel &amp; training (DoPT) at the centre, which was asked by the Prime Minister's office (PMO) as to whether the MoEF is competent to institute an inquiry into charges levelled by an all India service officer serving under a state government.''Quoting the PMO communication that termed the inquiry by MoEF as devoid of any legal authority, Ajay Singh added, \"The communication/action based on this inquiry committee report is without jurisdiction.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12168912", "title": "Tweeters give Rahul Gandhi, Congress a thumbs-down", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even on Twitter India's top trends list, Rahul Gandhi and Akhilesh Yadav jostled for the top slot for much of Tuesday as the results of 2012 assembly polls rolled out. All but one top ten trends on the microblogging website were assembly polls-related, with #Elections2012 dominating the top spot.Comments, conjectures and reactions came in thick and fast from all quarters. Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi received most brickbats - snide and otherwise. \"Breaking: Rahul Gandhi will visit his own house and have dinner with Digvijaya Singh tonight,\" tweeted news satire website 'Faking News'.Predictably enough, comparisons between Rahul and Akhilesh occupied much mindspace. There were enough comparisons likening the two political heirs to second generation Bollywood heirs such as Harman Baweja and Ranbir Kapoor . No prizes for guessing who was compared to whom. \"Clearly it has come to light that UP is Congress' Akhilesh heel,\" tweeted @catasp247.Few punsters could resist the temptation of wordplay once Shiromani Akali Dal had noched up a definite lead in the state of Punjab. \"Congress is SAD but SAD is Happy #Punjab #ElectionResults2012\" tweeted @ishansharmaa. The irony of Congress' clean sweep in Manipur even as its performance remained dismal in other states wasn't lost on many. The Gandhi scion was in for a fair amount of jibes here as well. \"That crushing moment when Rahul Gandhi realizes he should have campaigned in Manipur instead. #Elections2012 #AE12,\" tweeted @TH14Vinayak.Digvijaya Singh's parody account attempted to pre-empt the senior Congress leader's reaction to the Congress' loss in UP. \"EVMs are RSS agents!! Grrrrr... #AE12,\" tweeted @diggyleaks. Mayawati and even her elephants and handbags came in for criticism. \"Turns out, building parks and statues won't get you votes... #BSP #UP #Elections2012,\" tweeted @ankitank.As the day progressed and the poll picture became clearer, @rameshsrivats offered a neat roundup of the state of affairs in UP. \"#UP - Cycle: Riding to victory. Elephant: Lumbering out. Lotus: Getting nipped in the bud. Hand: Er ... doing what a hand does.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169695", "title": "Lt Gen Bikram Singh meets AK Antony as charges, counter-charges fly", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief-designate Lt General Bikram Singh called on defence minister A K Antony on Tuesday amid a worsening civil-military divide and a factional feud within Army ranks with a retired three-star general now even threatening to sue General VK Singh.Lt Gen Bikram Singh, the Eastern Army commander who will succeed Gen VK Singh on May 31, also met junior minister M M Pallam Raju and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma in what were described as \"courtesy calls\".But the ongoing controversies dogging the 1.13 million strong force - ranging from allegations of misuse of listening devices and 'off-the-air interceptors' to unprecedented delays in promotion boards and operational \"hollowness\" in critical fighting equipment - are sure to have figured in the discussions.The meetings also came on the day that Lt Gen Tejinder Singh, who retired as Defence Intelligence Agency chief in July 2010, virtually declared he would drag Gen VK Singh to court for \"ridiculous allegations'' made against him. \"I will take all steps, permissible to a citizen under the laws of the land, to defend my name,'' he said.The Army HQ on Monday had directly accused Lt Gen Tejinder Singh and some unnamed serving and retired officers of \"fabricating the fiction'' that officers loyal to Gen VK Singh had spied on defence ministry officials and others during the chief's festering date of birth controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12170444", "title": "In matters of heart, city women have it tough", "text": "MUMBAI: While women have taken major strides in every sphere of life, they continue to face challenges thrown by their own health. On the eve of the International Women's Day, it may be noted that heart diseases and heart attacks, for instance, have claimed more than 11,000 women in the city in recent times. Cancer killed 2,775 women-more than the men it claimed (See: 'Health Scare' ). According to the death certificates issued by the BMC, there was more than a 20% rise in heart ailments amongst women in 2010 compared with 2009.A BMC official, who did not wish to be identified, said that the numbers only increase with each passing year, sending out worrying signals for 2011 and 2012 as well. Among the other top killers was tuberculosis which claimed 3,085 Mumbai women while chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD) killed 2,025. These apart, diabetes, HIV AIDS, accidental burns and maternal mortality were among the other reasons for death among the women. \"The problem is heart diseases among women below the age of 55 years,\" said Dr Sudhir Vaishnav , interventional cardiologist at Lilavati Hospital.According to an article published in The Journal of the American Medical Association , there has been an approximate 300% rise in coronary artery diseases amongst women across the world in the past five years. The study also says that women have a 28% increased risk of dying in comparison to men within the first year of a heart attack. The rate of sudden cardiac death in women in their 30s and 40s has also increased.\"Younger women suffer from a more aggressive form of heart disease. About 70% of them may not experience classical chest pain. Not only do they not recover as well as men after a bypass surgery, even aspirin does not work well to prevent a heart trouble because of their hormones,\" said Dr Vaishnav. With the recent extremely drug resistant tuberculosis (XDR TB) scare, it is no surprise that TB is the second deadliest disease for the city. But experts blame lower immunity and improper nutrition for not only the deadly disease, but also high mortality due to other problems such as diabetes and COPD. \"Studies show that women who have to use biomass fuel for cooking purposes are more prone to COPD ,\" said Dr Rohini Chowghule, director at the Indian Institute of Environmental Medicine (IIEM). Meanwhile, according to the BMC, in 2010, 206 maternal deaths were reported in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168258", "title": "Office being renovated for new mayor", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started the renovating mayor's office at the cost of around 1 lakh for new First Citizen Anil Sole who will assume charge on March 12. NMC has also completed the formality of publication of Sole's name as mayor in the gazette and also put up his nameplate.NMC usually renovates mayor's office when a new one is elected. The renovation work commenced from Tuesday. The main chamber is being painted pink. Three other rooms attached to mayor's office including meeting hall are also being done up. The wiring and glass tops are being replaced. On Tuesday, Sole and deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav went to Smruti Bhavan at Reshimbagh and garlanded the statue of Dr KB Hedgewar, founder of RSS. Later, both went to Deekshabhoomi and garlanded the statue of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar.Meanwhile, municipal secretary Harish Dube has issued the agenda for the election of chairman of standing committee. The election process will commence at 10.30 pm with accepting the nomination forms till 11 am followed by scrutiny. Then, 15 minutes will be given for withdrawal of forms, followed by declaration of final candidates in fray. If required, 16 members will vote for chairman's post.Nagpur Vikas Aghadi's candidate and senior BJP corporator Dayashankar Tiwari is likely to get elected as the chairman. NVA is having nine members in the house of 16 against Congress' four and one each of Shiv Sena, BSP and NCP. Besides Tiwari, other members in the standing committee are Praful Gudadhe, Parinay Fuke, Satish Holey, Sujata Kombade, Bhagyashri Kantode, Saroj Bahadure, Anita Wankhede, Ravindra Dolas, Aslam Khan, Raju Lokhande, Purushottam Hazare, Raju Thool, Pragati Patil, Harshala Jaiswal, and Alka Dalal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168914", "title": "Schools to have lessons on sports, culture", "text": "HYDERABAD: Starting next academic year, students of state schools will have compulsory lessons on physical education and culture. The State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT) has almost completed the printing of textbooks on the new subjects. The textbooks will be available in schools from June this year.Though sports and work experience (term used for cultural studies) have been part of state, they have never been part of formal syllabus, according to SCERT officials. The new textbooks will be introduced in classes III, IV, V, VI and VII in the coming academic year. There is also a plan to revise the curriculum for classes VIII and IX in the next academic year.Mostly, the time allotted for such extracurricular activities have been used by schools for teaching main academic subjects. By introducing a specified syllabus, it will become mandatory for schools to take the new subjects seriously. The textbooks will have detailed physical activities to be taken up for the fitness of students, officials said. The content is devised in such a way that it raises interests of students in outdoor activities. The culture section will have lessons on dance, music and other related activities. \"We aim to teach students the basics of culture and sports. We hope to make children healthy by exposing them to extracurricular activities in the classroom,\" said N Raghu from SCERT. Officials have decided to earmark some time for physical education and culture from the next academic year.The state government's move to introduce new lessons has been welcomed by schools. \"Physical education and work experience programmes varied from school to school till the last year because there was no fixed curriculum. While some schools adhered to extracurricular activities, others used the time allotted for this to focus on completing regular syllabus. A new curriculum and textbook for the same will make the training uniform and this will benefit students,\" said S Srinivas Reddy from AP Recognised Schools' Management's Association.Some school managements, however, considered the new curriculum an ill-timed exercise. \"There are no playgrounds or open space for outdoor activity in most city schools. Moreover, there are just a handful of qualified and experienced PE teachers. Introducing a curriculum under such circumstances will not help students,\" said the teacher of a secondary school at Tarnaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12168952", "title": "Cong faces near-rout in bastion", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nothing could have been a greater embarrassment for the Congress' first family than the near-rout the party's candidates faced in the Gandhi pocket boroughs of Rae Bareli and Amethi. The first indication of the electorate there, who have remained loyal to the Gandhis, have turned away this time came when Amita Singh started trailing Samajwadi Party's Gayatri Prasad, and eventually lost to him, from Amethi. Only one Congress candidate, Radhey Shyam, won from one of the five Assembly seats of Amethi. He bagged Jagdishpur, but by a narrow margin of 6000 votes. In Salon, Shivbalak Pasi (Congress) lost by more than 20,000 votes to SP's Asha Kishore; in Gauriganj, Congress' Mohd. Nayeem lost to Rakesh Pratap Singh of SP and in Tiloi, Dr. Mohd. Muslim lost to SP's Mayankeshwar Sharan Singh.Rae Bareli was a bigger disappointment--the Congress couldn't win even one of the five seats here. At Bachhrawan, Congress candidate Raja Ram Tyagi came a poor third after SP and Rashtriya Swabhimaan Party. At Sareni, Congress candidate Ashok Kumar Singh also came third and polled 48,663 votes, much less than the SP winner Devendra Pratap Singh who polled 61,666 votes. At Harchandpur, the Congress' Shiv Ganesh Lodhi lost to Surendra Vikram Singh of SP.At Unchahar, Ajay Pal Singh came a poor third after Manoj Kumar Pandey of SP and Utrikst Maurya of BSP. Singh, from Arkha, an estate in Rae Bareli, had defeated Swami Prasad Maurya, state president of BSP, in the last elections. In Rae Bareli seat, Awadhesh Bahadur Singh of Congress lost to Peace Party candidate Akhilesh Kumar Singh. The humiliating defeats here must be rankling the Gandhis much more than the upsets in the rest of the state. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12167980", "title": "Two die in road accidents in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Two people were killed in separate road accidents in the last 24 hours in the city. In the first accident, Ankita Yadav, 22, daughter of Ramkishore Yadav and resident of Vijay Nagar, was killed when a bus (MP09 NT 5462) knocked her down near Kamla Nehru Zoo. According to police, the bus knocked her two-wheeler (MP09 HG 9371) killing the MBA student on the spot. The drive of the bus fled the spot.In another incident, a youth died near Malwa Mill crossing when he hit a tractor trolley on Monday night.The deceased was identified as Basant Lalawat, son of Ramchandra Lalawat. He was a resident of Nehru Nagar and was to get married next month. He was returning home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170017", "title": "Intach helps rejuvenate 'tambat' art", "text": "PUNE: A range of contemporary copper products were launched to develop a market base that would ensure a sustained source of livelihood for Tambats (coppersmiths) in the city on Tuesday.An Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) initiative, the step seeks to rejuvenate the craftsmanship of the coppersmiths - a fading art - by putting inputs in marketing and infusing a seed capital for production to reach a wider client to make this art sustainable in the long run.Tambat is a traditional art which has been passed from generation to generation for almost 400 years.Kishore Karde, spokesperson of the coppersmith community, said, \"The intervention of Intach has helped us to learn the needs of a dynamic market. Over the last 14 years, we have been closely working with Intach in producing better quality products. Now, we have a much better understanding of the customers' needs. Intach has shaped us as better individuals and as craftsmen.\"Sanjay Vadke, a craftsman, was excited about the future prospects of the art. He said that commercial participation will help in sustaining his passion. He said, \"The support from Intach has been a blessing. Copper work as an art, was dying a slow death, but their association has helped us to market our goods.\"Addressing the gathering, Rashmi Ranade, designer of the contemporary range and executive member of Intach said, \"The designs that we have developed today are good options for corporate gifting and takeaways for tourists and locals alike. Having worked with them closely, the biggest challenge for me was to encourage them to sell their art, not merely their labour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12170102", "title": "No LPG for weeks if today\u2019s talks fail", "text": "On Tuesday, the log books of many LPG distribution units in the city recorded four digit numbers like '7002', '5890' and '4569' on their booking column. If you are a consumer of LPG, then you must take these numbers seriously, as they indicate the number of people on the waiting list.Almost all the LPG distribution units in the city have been running out of stock since Monday due to the ongoing strike called by the Southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Owners Association last Thursday, demanding fresh transportation contract and induction of new 500 bullet tankers by the oil companies.If the situation continues, a consumer has to wait for at least 40 days to get a refill. So the talk between the oil company executives and Southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Owners Association to be held on Wednesday will be crucial.There are four bottling plants in Chennai, two run by Indian Oil Corporation and one each by Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Bharat Petroleum Corporation. According to A Ramachandran, president of All-India Indane Distributors Association, more than 90% of the bottling plants have gone dry.Indian Oil Tanking Limited (IOTL), Manali, the only refinery in Chennai, is also the only unit which is not affected by the strike because it has a pipeline facility to the nearby Chennai Petroleum Chemicals Limited (CPCL).But production from the unit is not enough to meet the demand of about 26 lakh consumers in Chennai and its suburbs. \"With the pipeline facility from CPCL, IOTL can produce only 80 loads per day. On a normal day, the bottling plants including IOTL can produce 350 truck loads a day (each truck carries 300 domestic cylinders). Barring the 80 loads, the bottling units depend mostly on bullet tankers from other refineries in Mangalore, Visakhapatnam and Kochi for the remaining 270 loads.\"If the strike continues, the waiting period for refill may go up to 40 days because of the backlog,\" said Ramachandran.On an average, 300 to 400 refill bookings take place in each distribution unit every day in Chennai. N R Karthik, secretary of the Southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Owners Association, said the organization will hold talks with the oil companies on Wednesday. \"We hope the issue will be resolved soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12169118", "title": "On victory lap, they chant development", "text": "NOIDA: The urban-rural divide greatly influenced the electoral results in Gautam Budh Nagar district making it a tale of two cities. On one hand, the urban population in Noida aggressively voted for the BJP, on the other the primarily rural population in Dadri and Jewar constituencies chose the BSP.Noida: Voters of the debutant assembly seat elected BJP candidate Mahesh Sharma, who won with a resounding margin of 27,676 votes to defeat his nearest rival, BSP candidate Om Dutt Sharma.Sharma, who received 77,319 votes in all, said his victory was due to his connect with the people of Noida and their needs. \"I want to bridge the divide between the rural and the urban voters. For the urban areas, I want to ensure that residents are given an equal voice by the Noida Authority while making decisions related to infrastructure and development,\" Sharma said.The winning candidate also assured rural voters that if the BJP was brought to power in the state, the party would put an end to forcible acquisition of land and selling it to off private developers. Earlier, Sharma had contested as the BJP candidate in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls from Gautam Budh Nagar and lost to Surender Singh Nagar of BSP by a small margin.Om Dutt Sharma, who was Sharma's closest rival and got 49,643 votes, refused to comment in detail but said, \"The people made their decision and we need to go back to the drawing board and understand where we went wrong.\"Dadri: Mayawati's home constituency, a primarily rural area that is fast developing and emerging as a new industrial hub of western UP, saw Satveer Singh Gujjar returning to power with 81,137 votes. Of all the candidates in Gautam Budh Nagar, this is the highest number of votes received by anyone. \"BSP won because of the development work done by the party. Dadri is becoming one of the most important sites for industrial development and the common man hasn't forgotten that. Compensation and developed plots due to farmers would be immediately disbursed.\"Nawab Singh Naagar, who came closest to usurping the undisputed BSP dominance with 37,297 votes, has been a two-time MLA from Dadri. He has also served as the state irrigation minister. Naagar refused to comment on his defeat, but said, \"I will continue to work for the welfare of the people. I want to work towards resolving abadi disputes in the villages of Dadri and also boost industrial development in the area.\"Jewar: Surprising everyone, Jewar, the constituency that had served as the epicentre for farmer unrest after Rahul Gandhi sounded his poll bugle from Bhatta and Parsaul villages, was won by the BSP. The battle for this seat proved to be the closest in the district with a difference of mere 9,500 votes separating the victorious Vedram Bhati (BSP) and his closest rival Dhirendra Singh (Congress).Bhati, who also served as a cabinet minister (home guards) in Mayawati's government, won after getting 67,524 votes. \"In spite of Rahul Gandhi's antics, BSP has proved that at the end of the day, the development work done by the party in the area has paid dividends. People have remained faithful to Behenji,\" he said.Dhirendra Singh, who came close to winning the key assembly seat, blamed the loss on caste factors. \"Caste equations were misused by other parties to get votes and that hurt us significantly,\" said the Thakur candidate who was contesting his first election. He received 58,024 votes.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169053", "title": "Transformers power sales too!", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'Business before safety' seems to the motto of hawkers in the bustling market of Pathergatti. In what could be a hazard waiting to happen, hawkers have thrown safety regulations prescribed by the electricity department to the winds and continue to conduct their business using transformers as stands to display their wares dangerously close to live electricity cables.Traders and shoppers have blown a fuse and complain that the callous usage of three transformers of 150 KVA, 500 KVA and 315 KVA capacities along Pathergatti road by hawkers could threaten the entire area. With the summers approaching, residents, shoppers and traders fear that the hawkers' obtuse attitudes can precipitate a major fire. They have also complained of the hawker's unauthorised connections being drawn from transformers. Shailendra Kumar from Hyderabad Perfumers in Pathergatti has blown a fuse and says, \"We are sitting on a ball of fire. The transformers break down frequently with a loud bang. With the hawkers using them, a disaster could happen anytime. The situation during Ramzan gets worse because of the additional power the market uses. The electricity department had promised to lay underground cables in view of safety of the traders and residents but nothing has been done so far.\"The 500 KVA transformer is only a few feet from a Standard fireworks shop in Pathergatti. Hawkers themselves admit that using transformers to display their wares near this shop could be dangerous but continue because they have nowhere else to go. Fifty-year-old Maqsood Ahmed is a hawker who sells clothes near Shahran Hotel. \"Hanging trousers and shirts on this transformer is the only way I can display my wares and attract customers. After all, I have to feed a family of six,\" he says. Maqsood says that sometimes officials from GHMC and the electricity board ask him and other hawkers to stop using the electricity transformer as display units for his wares, but after a day or two they return to their places of business.A hawker was injured after a short circuit in a transformer in the area only two years ago. But this too doesn't seem to wake them up. They say that they have got used to such incidents.Assistant engineer, APSEB, KV Naidu says, \"We tried to move the hawkers away from the transformers many times but our efforts are undermined by political pressure. They invariably approach a corporator or an MLA or an MP who puts an end to our drive. We even threatened to cut power supply to their makeshift shops but this has had no effect on them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169538", "title": "Cycle of troughs and crest", "text": "LUCKNOW: Their turnaround began in 2009. Samajwadi bahu Dimple's drubbing in the 'safe' Firozabad seat was no mere coincidence. And there was a lesson to be learnt, both for the Samajwadi Party, and husband Akhilesh.Hard introspection and a clean-up act followed, where systematic effort was put in to first nail, and then to exorcise the villain (in this case, Amar Singh), within. It was when Akhilesh rose to prominence, finally moving out of his father's shadow and as a party back-bencher, to be elevated to state presidentship of the party in June 2009. It was 'Uncle' Amar Singh's departure in January 2010, though, that saw SP beginning to cut its losses. Samajwadi's socialist principles had given way to Bollywood bigwigs and glamour and the party came to be closely associated with corporate personal and their jet-setting CEOs under the influence of Amar Singh. The Azam Khans reappearing at the party's national convention in June 2011 was a sign that things were falling in place. And with Akhilesh as the key rider, the Samajwadi cycle was finally headed in the right direction.It helped that the party switched to poll gear as early as June 2011, focusing its energies on developing a 'positive' campaign agenda. If poor law and order led to the SP's drubbing in 2007, Akhilesh was now at pains to apologise to the masses, even reassuring them that a reformed SP would provide good governance. Ticket distribution started early too, with Akhilesh once again promising to keep the goons under control. Anyone breaking the law, \"even SP workers\", he promised, would be punished.Even the Luddite image of the party was shed under Akhilesh's leadership. When Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi attacked the junior Yadav on the issue of SP's opposition to English language and computers, Akhilesh was polite, but quick to say he was neither averse to learning English, nor to using computers. Development of the country, though, he said could only occur when the mother tongue was given due importance. Japan and Germany, he said, were cases in point.Technologically savvy himself, Akhilesh, the progressive face of SP, promised to give laptops to all students passing class 12 and tablets to all who clear class 10. At an election campaign, when Rahul promoted communication czar Sam Pitroda as the poster boy of progress--\"he rose from being a backward class (carpenter) because he was well educated,\" said Rahul-Akhilesh's response was succinct: carpenters first need work to earn their livelihood.Allegations and counter allegations, though, was not the way SP approached election 2012. If UP was did not take to Rahul's aggression as the angry young man, Akhilesh's 'sanskar' and his image as the respectful 'good son' helped him connect with the old and young alike.The party's 'soft' stand on anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare despite his caustic remarks on politicians could be another factor that impacted the poll outcome this time. With corruption becoming a major issue both at the national and state levels, the SP only had to defend itself for its past track record on the law and order front. That the electorate's sympathies were clearly with the SP became clear when Congress repeatedly faced protests and black flags at its rallies.In hindsight, Akhilesh also turned out to be a better media manager than most others. Despite professing to make a clean break from its past association with criminals and goons, the SP in fact fielded more candidates with criminal records. But even so, the more prominent ones like West UP dons DP Yadav and Amarmani Tripathi were kept at bay.In the end, though, the basic principles of Samajwad seem to have rescued the party. With party leaders addressing grass roots issues like non-availability of fertilisers, lack of cold storages and black marketing of seeds, the SP connected with the masses where Mayawati had left a gaping void. Angry with Mayawati for not making basic farm inputs easily accessible and with the Congress for the rising diesel prices, the masses, it appears, turned en masse to the 'Ummeed ki Cycle'. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169771", "title": "I-T raids on leading jewellery showroom", "text": "SURAT: The investigation wing of Surat Income Tax (IT) department conducted search and seizure operations on the leading jewellery showroom in the city on Tuesday.Official sources said the I-T sleuths swooped down on the plush showroom of D. Khushalbhai Jewellers located in the Athwalines area on Tuesday. The operation is going on and that the officials have seized some documents.Sources said the showroom owners had shot to limelight in January when their new facility was inaugurated by chief minister Narendra Modi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12168173", "title": "Music conservationist releases album", "text": "GUWAHATI: Music conservationist Bijon Dutta released his music album on Tuesday here in the city. The album Bakular Ba, a compilation of 12 Assamese modern songs was released by noted singer and musician Khagen Mahanta.Dutta, a former lecturer at Tinsukia College and a music aficionado, also holds an M Phil degree in ethnic and indigenous tribal music for his contribution in conserving hundreds of songs from various ethnic and tea tribe communities. However, his album is not based on tribal music. It is a romantic album on which he has been working for the past two and a half years.Dutta's book 'Tribal Folk Music of Upper Assam' published by the Tribal Research Centre of Assam in 2000 was a result of a decade-long research. \"It was a long and arduous task but it was very satisfying as I am very serious about ethnic music and songs. It is very important to save such music and songs because it is fast vanishing as people now-a-days tend to forget mostly about the rare aspects of our culture and heritage, and our ethnic tribe and communities are an essential part of our identity,\" said Bijon Dutta. \"I have worked extensively amongst the ethnic tribe and indigenous communities in Moran, Sonoawal, Deuri, Kacharis, Mising and amongst the Oriya and Bhumis tea tribe communities,\" added Dutta.\"I know Dutta as an avid fan of different genres of music, but when he was young, he used to sing songs written by Bishnu Rabha and Jyoti Prasad Agarwala,\" said Kahgen Mahanta. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12170532", "title": "India walks fine line on Iran to evade US censure", "text": "WASHINGTON: Smarting under charges that it continues to cozy up to Tehran in the face of US-led sanctions, an angry India on Tuesday accused the pro-Israeli lobby in America of presenting a \"distorted picture of foreign policy objectives and energy security needs\" by selective use of data about India's imports from Iran.\"India's relationship with Iran is neither inconsistent with non-proliferation objectives, nor do we seek to contradict the relationships we have with our friends in west Asia or with the US and Europe,\" the Indian embassy in Washington DC said.In a sentiment that sought to echo Obama's cautionary advise on Monday, that \"as a responsible member of the international community, India...firmly believes that the situation concerning Iran should not be allowed to escalate into a conflict, the disastrous consequences of which will be in nobody's interest\".The ostensible reason for the New Delhi authorized statement were reports in the US media that India had actually stepped up its oil imports from Iran despite its close ties with the US and Israel.The statement, which did not directly name the lobby, maintained that \"allusions in the media that India's overall oil imports from Iran are increasing just because its monthly uptake reportedly increased in January this year are based on selective use of information, misrepresenting the fact that in aggregate terms, crude imports from Iran constitute a declining share of India's oil imports.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170140", "title": "State election commissioner: EVMs cannot be tampered with", "text": "PUNE: State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan on Tuesday refuted charges made by the opposition parties in the state that the electronic voting machines (EVM) used in the recently concluded elections were tampered with.While addressing the election management colloquium at the Bharati Vidyapeeth's IMED College, she assured the accuracy of the EVMs.\"We have received 3,300 election-related complaints. It is impossible to tamper with the EVMs or operate it through a Wi-Fi network. The machines used in Maharashtra are manufactured by a Government of India company, which also makes defence equipment. Moreover, various committees comprising heads of the IIT and CDAC have submitted a report about the accuracy and guarantee of these machines,\" she added.Satyanarayan's statement comes against the backdrop of opposition parties, including the Bharatiya Janata Party , alleging that EVMs were tampered with during the zilla parishad and civic elections held last month.She also said, \"The right to reject is inappropriate in the Indian electoral system since the voting percentage is very less and online voting is unsafe because of inadequate security.\" She also expressed concern over malpractices during the elections.Satyanarayan further said that the process of elections is one of the greatest management experiences and experiments. She shared an exhaustive data on the various aspects of elections and introduced students to various challenges and issues regarding it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12169511", "title": "Technical glitch doubles farmers' land in Pardi!", "text": "VAPI: After living several years in the USA, when N K Patel, a farmer returned to his native Pardi in Valsad district, he got a pleasant surprise. Instead of eight hectares of agriculture land that he possessed many years ago, revenue records showed that he actually owned 18 hectares. However, his joy was short-lived when he got to know that a serious glitch in the e-dhara project had actually resulted in large number of farmers being shown as owning much more land than actual.None of these farmers had even registered any fresh land details in the e-dhara kendra at Pardi. But, records showed they had much more.In fact, the Pardi taluka, which actually has 37,000 hectares land, was shown in the records of sprawling over 12 lakh hectares. The problem has also resulted in some litigations, officials said.\"First I thought that government might have allotted some land in a new farmers' policy. But another farmer alerted me that I would have to follow a lengthy procedure to make corrections in revenue records,\" Patel said.K Thaisya, sub-divisional magistrate of Pardi said, he was also surprised when he verified the original land area census to current of Pardi taluka. \"In our preliminary investigation, the increase in land area reveals that mistakes had been done during computerization programme of updating revenue data from the manual records since from 2001. Instead of square feet or acres, the operators had updated land area figures with units of square metre or hectares,\" he added.N Patel, collector, Valsad also confirmed the glitch and said that he plans to appoint a special team of revenue officers to correct all the data of land records of 81 villages of Pardi taluka.According to guidelines issued by the state revenue department, every correction entry requires a minimum 30 days to certify it after completing the procedure of asking no-objection from all those concerned.\"It is a very difficult task to make corrections in 1.5 lakh land accounts of Pardi following this procedure,\" said Mahesh Desai, a farmer of the taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169943", "title": "People forget Holi for Assembly results", "text": "KANPUR: The empty roads of the city till afternoon on Tuesday, even when Holi is round the corner, indicated that the people were more interested in the results of the Assembly elections.\"We remained glued to the television screen and cancelled all our work for the first half of the day,\" said Abhigyan, a Parade resident. The counting process began in the morning and people kept pace with the it.The elders were busy in discussing the election trends with family members, friends and neighbours. The first time voters seemed to be more interested in knowing whether their candidate had won. Ankita, a student, said: \"Watching the electoral process is a very interesting thing to do. You realize that you are associated with it, especially when you have cast your vote.\"People could be seen at paan shops and tea kiosks, busy in discussing the election results. There seemed to be no interest for the final cricket match between Sri Lanka and Australia. \"Nobody was interested in the cricket match or any other programme on television. The Holi preparations were put on hold. Cross-checking the data on different TV channels and listening to views of the people and debating were the only activities on Tuesday morning,\" said Kavya, a student. According to Mahima, a housewife, all the household chores and preparations for Holi were sidestepped and the entire family watched television to know the results.During Holi, the roads remain choked with traffic several days before the festival. However, shops at Naveen market, Shivala, Somdutt Plaza, Kidwai Nagar, Mall road and many other prominent markets remained deserted during the first half of the day. Vishal, a vendor of Holi articles at a makeshift shop on Gumti crossing, there was not even a single customer till afternoon. The stores of clothes, shoes, sprinklers and sweets wore a dull look as there were hardly any customers. \"Not only Uttar Pradesh but the future of as many as four other states was to be decided. Watching the fluctuating winning trends of different parties in Uttarakhand was like watching a 20-20 cricket match between two major political parties,\" said Vineet, an medical aspirant.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170386", "title": "Akhilesh: From Tipu to Sultan of politics", "text": "LUCKNOW: Friends and family call him 'Tipu' but on Tuesday, Akhilesh Yadav emerged as the Sultan of UP politics. The SP's stunning victory not only marks the high point of his political career so far, it has clearly established him as a young neta with a big future. Sometimes, the seeds of victory are sown in the midst of bitter defeat. That has certainly been the case for Akhilesh. In 2009, his wife Dimple was defeated by rival Congress candidate Raj Babbar in the Yadav pocketborough of Firozabad.Akhilesh, by all accounts, took the defeat very personally and blamed Rahul Gandhi for engineering the humiliation. In a rare show of anger, he declared that in future, the battle for UP would be between him and the Gandhi scion.Political watchers snickered at the time. After all, Samajwadi's fortunes seemed to be in a state of decline while the Congress appeared resurgent. But it's now the 38-year-old Akhilesh turn to be laughing. He has, quite literally, provided the pedal power for the SP's historic win, in an election that finally saw him come into his own.Though he has been a Lok Sabha MP for almost 11 years (he first won the Kannauj seat in the 2000 by-elections), it was only in these assembly polls that he finally emerged from his father's shadow.With Mulayam clearly ailing, Akhilesh donned the mantle of the SP's star campaigner, covering 8,000km on board his revamped 'Kranti rath' - a customised 8-seater bus fitted with a modular kitchen, TV set and a tiny washroom - and nearly 250km on bicycle.Just as importantly, he also had a say in the distribution of tickets. His vetoing of tickets for tainted bigwigs like D P Yadav and Amar Mani Tripathi lent credibility to his assertion that the SP would clean up its act.But that's not to say he was inactive all this while. His first major assignment came when Janeshwar Mishra, a senior Brahmin face in the SP, urged him to consolidate the party's youth wings - Lohia Vahini, Mulayam Singh Youth Brigade, Chhatra Sabha and Yuvjan Sabha.\"It was a long process where Akhileshji worked very hard. However, his chance to implement the ideas came when he was appointed state president of SP,'' said Anand Bhadauria, president, Lohia Vahini.Shifting the focus from the party's anti-English, anti-computer stand, Yadav Jr emerged as the new iPhone-toting, progressive face of the party. He was instrumental in giving the SP a technological upgrade, apart from being the brain behind the party's whacky ad campaigns (including the one where a bicycle overtakes an elephant). Interestingly, his own bicycle is a highend, imported one that set him back by over Rs 1 lakh. The latest iPhone and Blackberry apart, there's always an iPad at hand. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12169514", "title": "'Akhilesh Yadav spoke in Kannada in Mysore'", "text": "MYSORE: Idli, vada and dosa are what the new youth icon of politics Akhilesh Yadav prefers over chicken tikka, aloo parathas and kababs. He'd ordering for them in chaste Kannada at an eatery on the busy Kalidasa road in Mysore during his college days.Interestingly, Akhilesh, who studied at the Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering, did not forget how to speak Kannada even after going back home. A year ago, when cricketer Javagal Srinath ran into him at a cricket match in Lucknow, Akhilesh reportedly chatted with him in Kannada about college days, SJCE principal B G Sangameshwar, quoting Srinath told TOI.Over piping hot idlis or dosas, Akhilesh's conversations with his friends did not indicate any inclination to join politics. His mentor at SJCE Syed Shakeeb Ur Rahman vouches the fact that not even once Akilesh speak about politics or said he was the son of the Uttar Pradesh chief minister. \"He never discussed politics with his peers or teachers,'' Rahman added.The mentor said: \"If Akilesh had any intention of joining politics, he would have talked about it to me or friends in the college with whom he was closely associated. He was serious about becoming an engineer which is why wanted to go to Australia for MS in engineering. However, we were convinced that engineering was not his cup of tea when he contested the Lok Sabha elections. The college faculty is happy that a boy from here has emerged as a strong man on India's political map.'' Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167701", "title": "High court lashes out at state government", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court rapped the state government on Tuesday for its alleged failure to protect human rights of citizens and for not following orders issued by the court as well as the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). The court expressed displeasure after the chief secretary and the district collector did not file affidavits as directed and the government even failed to furnish details about the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC). Very reluctantly the bench of Justices V M Sahai and A J Desai granted time to the government to explain things, but that too after the advocate general Kamal Trivedi appeared in the case and assured the court, \"I will make sure that the house is put in order, else I am ready to go to gallows.\"The state government found itself in the dock for not appointing full quorum in the SHRC, and for not providing details to HC in this regard.In this case, a Catholic church in Vatva complained before all authorities against illegal digging on a graveyard in Vinzol. When nothing happened, the All India Christian Council (AICC) moved NHRC, which summoned district collector. The official did not pay any heed to summons, and NHRC transferred the case to SHRC last year. AICC moved HC against transfer of the matter. On February 29, the bench took up the case and sought details from the government whether the SHRC was not validly constituted or is non-functional from 2001, or it is in such a state after March 2011.The government was expected to reply along with affidavits from chief secretary and district collector on Tuesday, but it did not happen. This annoyed the court, and when AG sought a day's adjournment to follow court directions, Justice Sahai lashed out asking how the government disregards court orders, particularly when human rights are violated. The court also derided the present collector's expression of ignorance about the issue. \"This was expected,\" Justice Sahai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173407", "title": "Resul Pookutty: A \u2018law\u2019gical choice", "text": "Think Resul Pookutty is only a sound engineer? Well, he recently became a lawyer too!Yes, the Oscar-winning sound designer fulfilled his father's wish by writing a pending exam in his law course and officially becoming a lawyer. Resul also got inducted into the prestigious Bar Council of Kerala.\"It was my dad's wish that I study law and become a lawyer,\" recalls Resul, who is currently working on 3, \"But before I could finish my exams in the course, cinema beckoned and I took to it. Today, though I've got international acclaim, I've always felt that I haven't fulfilled my dad's wish yet. So, I spoke to the University again and started studying for the exams, mostly in flights and on off days!\"Resul recently wrote the exam and passed in flying colours. \"My parents, who are no more, would have been proud,\" he says, \"Actually, I felt jealous of Rahman during the Oscar ceremony as he had his mother with him and I didn't. But this day (becoming a lawyer) is special to me, as special as the day when I won the Oscars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12169534", "title": "Bodies to be brought back home from Oman today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The bodies of five Keralites, who died in a tragic motor vehicle accident in Oman, are expected to be brought to their native place by Wednesday night. The Omani authorities have identified the bodies of most of the victims and have expressed willingness to release them.It is learned that the bodies will be repatriated in a flight scheduled to depart Oman at 5.30 pm on Wednesday. The flight is expected to reach Thiruvananthapuram by Wednesday night or early Thursday morning.According to sources in Oman, the police there have identified three of the five accident victims. The bodies of Anil Kumar and Vishnu have been charred beyond recognition.The five had died of burns after the pick-up van they were travelling in collided with another van and caught fire. Police conducted an inquest and the bodies are at present kept at a hospital there. Two other persons, Das, a resident of Marthandam in Tamil Nadu, and an Omani national also died in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169347", "title": "Poor show by Rashtriya Lok Dal", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP elections 2012 turned out to be grimmer than expected for the Ajit Singh-led Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD). Having entered into an alliance with the Congress, the party saw its tally down by one seat in comparison to 2007 assembly elections when it had won 10 seats.But for Ajit Singh's son, Jayant Chaudhary, who contested from Mant constituency of Mathura, most of the party senior leaders, including its state president Baba Hardev Singh, who was seeking elections from Etmadpur and Haji Yakub Qureshi who contested from Sardana in Meerut, failed to emerge victorious. In fact, many of its candidates were way behind the winning candidates.However, RLD's card of fielding Jayant Chaudhary, who is also a sitting MP from Mathura, paid off. The 32-years old MP managed to break the bastion of Shyam Sunder Sharma who has won the seat for six times. Having contested on different party tickets, Sharma, this time was the candidate of Trinamool Congress.The move to field turncoats, too, did not pay off. Yashpal Singh, who had won from Seohara on the BSP ticket in the last assembly election, was RLD candidate from Noorpur this time. Singh came fifth, losing the seat to Lokendra Singh of BJP.Likewise, Shahnawaz Rana, the last time winner from Bijnor on the BSP ticket, was RLD candidate from the same constituency. He too came at the fifth position even as the seat was won by Kunwar Bharatendra of the BJP.Another RLD candidate Jagram Singh, who had contested on the SP ticket from Gangeshwari in the last assembly election and stood second, went down to the third position, while the seat went to Maikal Chandra of Samajwadi Party.RLD's 86-year-old candidate Swami Omvesh was repeated from Chandpur. Omvesh, who came at third position in the last assembly elections, went further down to fifth this time, losing to the BSP candidate Iqbal by a margin of 40,000 votes.Other winners from the party included Kartar Singh Bhadana (Khatauli), Veerpal Rathi (Chaprauli), Sudesh Sharma (Modinagar), Bhagwati Prasad Suryavanshi (Khair), Thakur Dalvir Singh (Baroli), Triloki Ram Diwakar (Iglas), Thakur Tejpal Singh (Chata) and Puran Prakash (Baldev).Party spokesperson Anil Dubey said that the party performance has not been as per the expectation. \"We will assess what went wrong,'' he added. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170422", "title": "Mulayam gets the \u2018M\u2019 equation right", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 2012 UP elections saw a keen fight among all political parties to win over the substantial Muslim votebank, a bloc that can tilt the balance in 140 out of the total 403 assembly constituencies in the state. While the Congress played the quota card, the Samajwadi Party announced it would work for a Constitutional amendment to provide 18% separate reservation for Muslims. The BSP, in turn, gave tickets to 85 Muslims, the maximum in comparison to others. But from all indications, Muslims largely voted for the SP helping it swing the elections in its favour.There are around 140 constituencies in UP where Muslims constitute more than 30% of the population. While in 73 assembly seats the community is between 20-29% of the population, it is over 30% in 67 constituencies. Results of these 140 constituencies show that the SP won 72 seats, more than half in contention. BSP, too, garnered some of the Muslim votes, winning 27 seats. The Congress won only 11 despite its Muslim quota card.Congress leaders had, in fact, crossed swords with the Election Commission for announcing midway during polls that quota for the community would be doubled if its members voted for the party. The Congress also tried to cash on the Batla House encounter in which two men from Azamgarh, suspected to be terrorists, were killed. It failed to click. Congress's ally RLD won two Muslim-dominated seats.Similarly, the Peace Party of India, a Muslim-based outfit which was expected to spoil the prospects of the big players, could win only three. Quami Ekta Dal and Itehadi-Millet-Council won one seat each. The results also show that the BJP was able to polarise votes in some constituencies on communal lines, especially on the issue of Muslim quota. The BJP had brought Uma Bharti, with her brand of Hindutva politics, from Madhya Pradesh precisely or this. She succeeded to an extent, winning from Charkhari in Bundelkhad and helped the party win two more seats from the region. But that was all.Over 55 Muslims candidates won elections this time. The Samajwadi Party had fielded 75 Muslims candidates of which 32 won, an all-time high for the party. The BSP had put up 85 Muslim candidates of which 12 won. Only one Congress Muslim candidate won. In 2007, the SP had fielded 58 Muslim candidates of which 21 won. The BSP had put up 61 Muslim candidates of which 29 won, and the Congress had given tickets to 49 Muslim candidates with none winning. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169121", "title": "City takes a bicycle ride", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two surprises sum up the results of the five urban seats in the state capital. The first is that the Samajwadi Party was able to open its account on the purely urban seats of the city for the first time since 1992 when the party was born. In fact, after a long gap of around a decade, the results of urban seats of the state capital in particular reflect the overall voting trends of the state in general.Former IIM Ahmedabad professor Abhishek Misra, who is the son of senior bureaucrat Jai Shanker Misra, debuted from the newly-carved out Lucknow North assembly seat (after delimitation) as a Samajwadi Party candidate, winning the seat by a defeating his nearest Congress rival Neeraj Vohra by 2219 votes. Surprisingly, BJP MP Lalji Tandon's son Ashutosh Tandon 'Gopalji' came a poor third in this constituency.Similarly, SP's Ravidas Mehrotra won the Lucknow Central seat trouncing his nearest BJP rival and Lucknow East's sitting MLA Vidya Sagar Gupta. Lucknow West has also gone to the Samajwadi Party whose candidate Mohd Rehaan won by a respectable margin of 14,082 votes over his nearest rival and BJP's sitting MLA from Lucknow Central Suresh Kumar Srivastava who had been representing that constituency since 1996.The second surprise is the BJP suffering its worst defeat in urban seats after 1991 when it swept through the urban areas on the crest of the 'Ram Mandir' wave. Ever since, the BJP's tally has never gone below four in the urban seats of the state capital. In fact, in 1991 and 1996, the semi-urban seat of Mahona which ceased to exist this time post-delimitation, was bagged by the BJP.Out of five urban seats, the BJP could retain only Lucknow East. The only solace for the party came from veteran leader Kalraj Mishra who faced the people's mandate for the first time from this seat. Kalraj defeated his nearest SP rival Juhie Singh, daughter of former chief secretary AP Singh, by 20,218 votes.By giving such a mandate in the state capital, voters here have stumped all--the parties, the politicians and pundits alike. More than displaying anti-incumbency, the electorate have, say political pundits, preferred to vote for stability.The results of the last three elections-the 2007 Assembly polls, the 2009 Lok Sabha polls and the just concluded elections--clearly indicate that stability is a motivating factor for voters. What made their choice easier were the organizational problems that beset the two national parties (Congress and BJP), thus ruling them out as serious contendors, and the anti-incumbency factor against the BSP. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168618", "title": "It's almost a clean-sweep for BJP in Bardez", "text": "PANAJI: In a shrewd election strategy that has borne results, the BJP has captured Bardez taluka winning six out of seven constituencies. The only constituency which the BJP didn't win - Porvorim, was won by independent candidate Rohan Khaunte, known for his close ties with the party.The BJP retained its seats in Mapusa, Siolim and Saligao, while winning new seats of Aldona, Tivim, and Calangute.In Mapusa, BJP MLA Francis D'Souza beat NCP's Ashish Shirodkar by 10,169 votes, while Dayanand Mandrekar and Dilip Parulekar retained their constituencies of Siolim and Saligao.In Siolim, Mandrekar beat Congress candidate Uday Paliemkar - backed by Vishwajit Rane- by 2,171 votes. The BJP were able to get Parulekar through in Saligao as six out of the 10 poll candidates were Catholics, which saw a split in the community's votes. Parulekar beat independent candidate Tulio D'Souza by 5,808 votes.Both Aldona and Calangute are predominantly Catholic constituencies, and the BJP drew up its strategy focusing on the prevalent political situation, rather than on its ideology.In Aldona, the BJP rode largely on anti-incumbency against Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar and put up a Catholic face, Glen Souza Ticlo, as its poll candidate. The move paid off with Ticlo beating Narvekar by 3,476 votes. In Calangute, the BJP capitalized on different camps against incumbent Congress MLA Agnelo Fernandes and consolidated them under its banner.BJP candidate Michael Lobo gained support from Fernandes' friend-turned-foe and Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira and Calangute zilla panchayat member Anthony Menezes. Lobo beat Fernandes by around 1,869 votes, adding another seat to the BJP's kitty.In Tivim, BJP candidate Kiran Kandolkar defeated NCP MLA and tourism minister Nilkanth Halarnkar by 1,112 votes. Sources say that a deal had been worked out between the BJP and Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar, who also has considerable influence in Tivim constituency, having represented it before. The deal was that Narvekar would help the BJP in Tivim and Porvorim constituencies in return for help in Aldona.In Porvorim constituency, Narvekar's aid was still not sufficient to help the BJP win the seat and make a clean sweep of Bardez taluka. Independent candidate Rohan Khaunte beat BJP candidate Govind Parvatkar by 901 votes. Political analysts were aware that Khaunte was forerunner for the BJP ticket and was receiving proxy support during campaigning. His close proximity to Manohar Parrikar is also known in political and social circles.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12170709", "title": "Uttarakhand: Congress set to form the government", "text": "DEHRADUN: It couldn't have got tighter than this. The Congress, expected to romp home in Uttarakhand riding the anti-incumbency wave against the ruling BJP, got into a photofinish on Tuesday, emerging as the single largest party with 32 seats. It beat a surprisingly robust BJP by just one seat, although the saffron party, too, had to suffer the ignominy of its incumbent chief minister B C Khanduri losing in Kotdwar by 4,632 votes.The Congress still needs four more seats to reach the half-way mark of 36 in the 70-member House . Harish Rawat expects to get support of three Independents, Mantri Prasad Naithani, Harish Chand Durga Pal and Dinesh Dhanai.Rawat and Congress's Uttarakhand in-charge Virendra Chaudhary said that since these three Independent candidates had broken away from the party on being denied tickets, they have expressed their desire to return to the fold. While Naithani won Devprayag, Durga Pal and Dhanai were declared elected from Lalkuna and Tehri seats.Khanduri lost to Congress' Surendra Singh Negi. His defeat was described as unexpected and beyond imagination by party seniors. It also left the party cadre demoralized, which had otherwise put up a spirited resistance and very nearly bucked the anti-incumbency trend.The BSP won three seats and three independents emerged successful, positioning themselves as possible kingmakers. Uttarakhand Kranti Dal-Panwar (UKD-P) won one seat. Congress' Indira Hridayesh wrested Haldwani from BJP by defeating Renu Adhikari by a margin 23,800 votes. State BJP president Bishan Singh Chufal won from Didihaat constituency. PCC chief Yashpal Arya won from Baajpur seat and leader of the opposition Harak Singh Rawat led in Rudraprayag seat.These senior Congress leaders said that since UKD(P) chief Trivendra Singh Pawar had promised support to the Congress, its candidate Preetam Singh Pawar, declared elected from Yamnotri, too, will also support the party.The Congress will hold a meeting of its MLAs to elect their legislature party leader a day after holi. Senior party leaders will also meet Governor Margaret Alva, requesting her to invite the Congress to form the government.Meanwhile, Harish Rawat has emerged as the frontrunner to lead the Congress government in Uttarakhand.Rawat is learnt to have got the nod from the Congress leadership after the party secured one seat more than BJP. An invite from Raj Bhawan is likely to act as a magnet for Independents towards Congress.The Union minister is known to wield influence over some independents which also include Congress rebels. It could also help him forge ahead of other claimants for the top post.If Rawat finally becomes the CM, it would be a belated gift after being tripped the last time. He was considered the top candidate for chief ministers's post in 2002 but N D Tiwari pipped him to the post.Elections 2012 NewsUttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169749", "title": "Sukhbir storm blows Manpreet's Punjab spring dream away", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For someone who began his campaign in Vancouver, Akali rebel Manpreet Badal found the realities closer home too hard to digest. On Tuesday, while his own brethren were creating history in Punjab, Manpreet watched his fledgling party get decimated and with it, probably his own political ambitions. While he himself lost both the seats he contested, including Gidderbaha which he has won four times, his People's Party of Punjab was washed away, with not one of the 117 candidates it had fielded even making it to the second position.The rebel, who had set out to bring an Arab-spring like movement in Punjab when he rebelled against his 'tayaji' Parkash Singh Badal and cousin Sukhbir Badal, was singed by the unexpected surge by the Akalis.As results began pouring in, Manpreet did not venture out of his home in Badal village, cancelling a press conference, which he had announced two days before the results. His aides too began avoiding calls.Right from the beginning - when he broke out of the Badal family fold in October 2010 - his political journey was fraught with problems.Many of those who joined him began deserting PPP, with two of his key men leaving him within the first week itself. He lost another two key members towards the beginning of the election process.His teaming up with the Left and a breakaway Akali faction of SAD (Longowal) hardly helped, seen as a rag tag coalition and a comprise by Manpreet on his agenda to a young, idealistic party.And, by roping in the Left, Manpreet created a dent in the Congress vote bank, in turn strengthening the hands of SAD-BJP, an alliance he had himself vowed to defeat. Left votes, which cold have gone the Congress way, got divided.On Monday, on the eve of counting, Manpreet's party reiterated that they had caught the imagination of the young and the intellectual, a segment that traditionally refrains from voting. Whether this segment voted or not this time, it did not help him create even a blip on the electoral radar of Punjab. This will make allegations of his alienation from the rural masses stronger.The only silver lining is that he did manage to still take away five per cent of vote share, which pundits consider an achievement for a party that is just a year old.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12169765", "title": "Burglar alarm stops bank robbery in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A robbery attempt on a nationalised bank was thwarted as the burglar alarm came on in time here on Tuesday morning. The thieves struck the extension branch of Canara Bank situated in a private college premises at Thiruvedagam in Sholavandan police limits in the early hours of Tuesday. When they attempted to break open the iron safe where the cash was kept, the burglar alarm went off, alerting the public nearby. They found the front doors were open and alerted Sholavandan station immediately. Police rushed to the spot and held an inquiry. Fingerprint experts were called to the place and a sniffer dog was deployed. Police are investigating further.Police sources said the miscreants gained entry into the bank after breaking the locks of the grill gate and the front door. After entering the office, they identified the safety locker room and broke open the locks of the room as well. They found a cupboard and an iron safe in the room. They broke open the cupboard and found that it contained only documents; hence they went for the iron safe. When they tried to break the iron safe, the burglar alarm attached to it sounded. Panicked, they left the place, the police said.The manager was called and he confirmed that no valuables from the bank were lost. Besides, the branch only acted as an extension centre for college activities and was not dealing with any jewels. Around Rs 2 lakh was kept in the iron safe but the burglar alarm saved the situation, they said. Police said the miscreants appeared to be professional robbers who managed to get into the bank without attracting notice. The robbers should have struck between 5.30 am and 6 am, yet successfully entering the bank, they said.The robbery attempt comes in the wake of two bank robberies in daylight at Chennai and the subsequent encounter of the robbers. In Madurai district, a robbery was attempted in a city bank on February 23, with miscreants taking away hard discs of the bank's computers.City police and district police have been convening meetings with all banks, stressing the importance of fortifying banks with security personnel, CCTVs and burglar alarms. The police have insisted that banks install these safety features in the branches. Their advice has further been reinforced with the burglar alarm proving to have helped create an alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169791", "title": "Civic body issues notification on fire safety", "text": "SURAT: With a view to prevent fire mishaps in the city, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) on Tuesday issued a notification seeking installation of fire safety and prevention system in high rise buildings, multiplexes, hospitals, shopping malls, auditoriums, CNG and LPG dispensing stations, petrol pumps, big and small industrial units etc.As per the notification, high rise buildings, commercial properties, petrol, CNG and LPG pumps, factories and industrial units etc. have to strictly comply with the order within 15 days or else the civic body may take action by severing their drainage and water connections for the violation.The notification has also asked owners, management and individual users to obtain no-objection certification (NOC) from the chief fire officer (CFO) of the fire and emergency services and that it should be renewed every year.Meanwhile, the fire and emergency service department issued notices to about 46 hospitals in central zone for lack of fire safety and prevention system. The hospitals authorities have been asked to comply with the installation of fire safety equipment within a stipulated time frame.Pankaj Patel , CFO, told TOI, \"Most of the high rise buildings, hospitals, shopping malls, petrol pumps, CNG and LPG pumps etc. are not following the fire safety and prevention rule effectively. After the notification, we are going to take strict action against the violators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169419", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation goes on offensive to collect pending taxes", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has gone on an offensive to collect pending property taxes from property owners in the city. With the financial year at its fag end, the civic body is out to ensure that all pending taxes are paid up.The civic body has started a drive to seal non-residential properties and severe water connections of residential properties to collect property tax. Over 300 non-residential properties were sealed by the civic body since Saturday even as water connections of over 130 residential properties were severed by the civic body.The aggressive drive to collect property tax began after instructions in this regard by VMC commissioner. On Tuesday, the civic body severed water connections of 61 properties and sealed 108 properties in the city. On Monday, it had severed water connections of 36 properties and sealed 114 properties.Officials in the VMC's revenue department said a majority of those whose properties were targeted during the drive had started paying up the amount due to VMC. Besides sealing properties and severing water connections, the civic body also started issuing warrants to defaulters since Monday. Around 1,500 warrants have been issued by the civic body so far.Senior officers on Tuesday held a meeting to take an overview of the recovery drive. Officials have been instructed to ensure that the recovery of pending taxes is on a higher side and they are not carried to the next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169459", "title": "Congress threatens agitation over Sursagar", "text": "VADODARA: The city unit of Congress party has threatened to conduct an agitation if Sursagar was not cleaned at the earliest. The party said the pond with sewage did not augur well for the fact that it had a Shiva Idol at its centre.City Congress unit president Narendra Ravat said even BJP MLA Yogesh Patel had expressed concern over sewage flowing into Sursagar. He said Patel had to ask VMC to seal drainage connections recently.Ravat said the water needed to be purified. He added that if needed, dirty water from Sursagar should be pumped out and fresh water should be added to the pond.Patel has been at the forefront in demanding a clean Sursagar. The Satyam Shivam Sundaram Samiti headed by Patel had put up the large Shiva idol in the reservoir. It also organizes Ganeshotsava and Mahashivratri festival programmes on the banks of the reservoir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12170401", "title": "Adarsh case: Former legislator held for bribing CBI counsel", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani and his son Kailash were among four people arrested on Tuesday by the CBI for bribing a public servant in an attempt to get favours in the Adarsh case.The arrests mark another low point for the Colaba society in a scam that has already led to a chief minister and a human rights commission member stepping down and an information commissioner being suspended. Kanhaiyalal-one of the 14 politicians , bureaucrats and retired army officers charged in the scam-and Kailash have been accused of paying tax consultant and lawyer J K Jagiasi Rs 1.25 crore, of which Rs 25 lakh was given to senior CBI counsel Mandar Goswami.Kanhaiyalal allegedly wanted Goswami to keep him updated on the probe. He also wanted the CBI charges against him diluted. All four were remanded till March 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12169799", "title": "Natarajan and associates get bail in land-grab case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has granted bail to M Natarajan, husband of Sasikalaa, estranged aide of Tamil Nadu chief minster Jayalalithaa, and other accused who were arrested in connection with a land-grab case registered by the district crime branch police, Thanjavur.On February 19, district crime branch police, Thanjavur, arrested Natarajan in connection with a land-grab case. On the basis of a complaint by S Ramalingam of Vilar, alleging that Natarajan and his brother Saminathan directed the other accused to grab 15,000 sq ft of land belonging to him for the construction of a monument in memory of Sri Lankan Tamils who lost their lives in Mullivaikkal in Sri Lanka in 2009, police arrested them.Natarajan was founder-trustee of the World Tamil Federation, which is constructing the monument in Vilar village of Thanjavur taluk. Last week, Natarajan and the other arrested accused Chinniah alias Venketesh and Kubendran filed bail petitions while Natarajan's brother Saminathan, Suresh and Ilavlagan filed petitions seeking anticipatory bail. When the matter came up for hearing before Justice T Sudanthiram, an affidavit was filed by Natarajan and other accused stating they were in no way connected with the above trust. It was submitted that the lease deed was entered into between the Ulaga Tamilar Peramiappu Trust and one Mahadevan dated August 26, 2011, regarding the disputed property. In his affidavit, Natarajan said, \"I am in no way connected with the above trust. I am not claiming any right over the disputed property and I will not get into the disputed property\".Granting bail to Natarajan, Venketesh and Kubendran, the judge directed them to deposit a sum of Rs 10,000 each. He also granted anticipatory bail to Saminathan, Suresh and Ilavlagan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169410", "title": "Not game for colours? shut yourself out or party indoors", "text": "NEW DELHI: When most of her friends celebrate Holi at a farm this Thursday, advertising professional Aditi Sharma will enjoy a day of solitary luxury - getting up late, breakfast in bed, maybe a spa visit in the evening. Usually the one to jump at any opportunity to spend time with her friends, she says Holi is one day she'd rather stay indoors.\"I don't play Holi and usually it's very boring because there's nowhere to go during the day. But this year I decided to utilize the day to the fullest. On other holidays I end up doing so many errands that the day simply passes by,\" she says.She's not alone in her indifference to the festival of colours. Many in the city refuse to venture outside their homes on Holi. \"You can't step outside the house because people don't keep their colours to themselves,\" says Preeti Kaur, an event planner. For her, the day is all about spending time with her younger brother.\"Since my work hours are odd, I don't meet my brother too often. On Holi, we're both at home. We usually play chess and eat mom's home-made pasta,\" she says.But just because they're cooped indoors doesn't mean they don't have their own celebrations. Every year, Jaya Singh invites her friends over - only those who don't play \"dirty\" Holi - to her home for a small party.They smear a little herbal colour on each other and spend the afternoon gorging on sweets and bhang.\"There are about 10-15 of us and I always make sure none of them are carrying toxic colours,\" says the 26-year-old environment activist.Those who do dare to step out make sure they go to \"safer\" places. Yudi Kapur (22) says he will go to a friend's farm for a day of cricket and barbecue. \"We'll leave early morning before the madness begins. On the farm we won't have to worry about strangers bombarding us with colour,\" he says.With Holi falling on a Thursday this year, some have also taken Friday off to go out of town for an extended weekend.Vivek Nanda, a banker, will spend four days in Shimla with his family. \"None of us really play Holi, so this year we thought we'd make a trip out of it. Usually we are just stuck at home and this will be a nice change from the heat here,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12169735", "title": "CBI court sends Garhwa MLA to jail in bitumen scam", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court on Tuesday remanded sitting MLA of Garhwa Satyendra Nath Tiwary in judicial custody for 14 days in a case of multi-crore bitumen scam.The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) legislator appeared in the court of special judge A K Gupta on the directive of the Supreme Court before being sent to jail.Sources in the CBI said the MLA, who is also the director of Kalawati Constructions, is one of the accused in the multi-crore bitumen scam. The total worth of the scam is around Rs 100 crore and 22 FIRs have been lodged by the agency. Besides businessmen, around 30 engineers are also involved in the scam that rocked the state road construction department between 2002 and 2008.CBI advocate Rakesh Prasad said the case (RC/14) was registered against Kalawati Constructions in 2009. Chargesheet was filed in the case in December 2010. He was accused of withdrawing around Rs 1.24 crore by producing 61 fake invoices to show procurement of bitumen for construction of around 30 km long road in Daltonganj division in 2004.\"Since the time the case was lodged, the MLA was trying get bail from different courts. On February 12, the Supreme Court turned down his anticipatory bail petition and ordered him to surrender before the trial court within four weeks. Today, he surrendered in the court and was forwarded to 14-day judicial custody,\" said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12166573", "title": "Elephant trampled", "text": "This is as decisive as it can get. The pundits had gone to town predicting a hung assembly for UP, with dark mutterings from certain quarters about the necessity of President`s rule. Instead, in a verdict that will reverberate nationally, the state`s supposedly fragmented electorate has powered the Samajwadi Party (SP) into staging a stunning upset, pulling the plug on the ruling Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). Just like the BSP last time the SP now is in a position to form a government on its own, without depending on coalition allies.UP`s decisive electoral shift underlines sweeping disaffection against the Mayawati government, as well as the SP`s capacity to leverage this. Squeezed out by regional players, the two national parties, the Congress and the BJP, have both taken sharp knocks. In particular, the verdict ought to set alarm bells ringing in Congress party headquarters. Not only did it finish fourth in UP despite tying up with the RLD, not to mention Rahul Gandhi`s high-voltage campaign, it has fared poorly in other states with the sole exception of Manipur. The Congress needs to wake up and smell the anti-incumbency that`s rising nationally against the UPA government, fuelled by rising prices, poor economic management and corruption.The BSP`s multiple governance failures too have come home to roost. Extravagant and showy political symbolism cannot take the place of responsive governance that stresses development and people`s livelihoods - including of dalits, Mayawati`s primary constituency. Mayawati`s aloof mode of governance that centralised sweeping powers in the chief minister`s office, her interference in transfers and appointments of bureaucrats, or the crippling failure to deliver basic services like health - none of these have helped matters. The UP verdict confirms a recent healthy trend, seen in voting patterns across India. If politicians don`t perform, the electorate is watching and will punish them at the hustings.Mayawati`s losses have transformed into SP`s unprecedented gains. But the man stealing the poll show is Akhilesh Yadav, the architect of the SP`s image makeover. The 39-year-old SP leader had successfully used modern communication strategies, as well as grassroots organisational network, to reach out to voters. He has also worked to distance the party from toughs and corrupt leaders who had sullied its image during its last tenure in power. This time Mulayam and Akhilesh can`t afford to squander their huge mandate. They need to deliver on the SP`s image makeover by providing the clean, efficient, responsive and modern governance that the electorate yearns for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168811", "title": "Beware of \u2018bug\u2019 in frozen food in power cut season", "text": "CHENNAI: Indira Premkumar, who runs the Aavin outlet on Chamiers Road, missed the announcement about Tuesday's day-long power shut down in the area. She is stuck with three days' supply of ice cream and yoghurt and is hoping that her order for a vast amount of dry ice will keep things cold.\"I can manage when electricity goes out for a couple of hours because my freezer keeps everything cool. When the power goes off all day, I have to make other arrangements,\" says Premkumar, who ordered 4kg of dry ice on Monday as back-up. She has the electricity board number on speed dial because she calls them regularly regarding power cuts.With the irregular power supply in the city, doctors are warning patients about the dangers of eating frozen foods that may have got defrosted because of long periods without power.\"When a frozen food item thaws, there are chances of it getting contaminated with bacteria. When you refreeze that item, the bacteria may be killed but toxins can be released and this can result in food poisoning. I tell my patients to be careful with frozen meat or ice cream that contains milk. If you find that it has thawed, the safest thing to do is to throw it away,\" says Vellore-based paediatrician Dr Gita Mathai.Chennai-based paediatrician Dr Benny Benjamin also advises limiting the number of times the refrigerator is opened when there is no electricity. \"By opening the door frequently, it keeps altering the temperature inside the refrigerator and this can cause food to spoil faster,\" he says.Bellaria, a fresh ice cream store, is also struggling with the erratic power situation. They've just announced on their website that they will open their outlet one hour later than usual every day due to the power cuts. \"Since we make our ice creams fresh and on the spot, the power shutdown is not a cause for worry in terms of food going bad,\" says Avanthi Krishnan, who owns the store. \"But we do have to plan so that business is not affected,\" she adds.Dietician Dr Dharini Krishnan says, \"Ice creams contain milk fat, sugar and water, three things that attract bacteria. Every time a food item thaws, the bacteria multiples, and when it is refrozen it becomes unsafe for consumption. So frequent power cuts are dangerous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12170098", "title": "Captain plays his last innings", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Just before plunging into the heat and dust of Punjab polls, Captain Amarinder Singh penned a book on Maharaja Ranjit Singh and named it 'The Last Sunset.' Probably, he didn't know, two years down the line, he would be riding into his own sunset.\"This is probably my last election. I will be 70 next week and next five years would mean I would be 75. That's time one should hang up one's boots,\" the Punjab Congress chief told TOI, putting up a brave front while accepting defeat on Tuesday.Being graceful in his defeat, Captain took the responsibility for the defeat, saying that he was \"given a free hand by the Congress high command in choosing candidates and then running the campaign\".The man who met the Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil barely 24 hours before counting began for a \"chit chat\" (read a discussion on a possible hung House scenario) on the political situation in the state, cut a sorry figure on Tuesday when his party managed just 46 seats, way short of the claims of 70 + seats he had made repeatedly. This tally being two up from his 2007 figures hardly came its own and 12 of alliance BJP.He had gone to the polls backed by a strong history of anti-incumbency and a huge leg-up he got when Rahul Gandhi anointed him the CM-designate in a rally.The swagger and spring in his steps in the run-up to the polls - he was heard to have already drawn up his Cabinet and also finalized names of bureaucrats - was all gone by Tuesday afternoon. Another blow came in the form of his son, Raninder losing from Samana while his own win in Patiala (urban) hardly put a smile on his face.Captain was thrust on the scene quite late, being made the Punjab Pradesh Congress president just a year-and-a-half before the elections after keeping the party rudderless for almost three years.This had allowed infighting to strike roots in the state unit of the party and hand him over a poor organizational set-up. When he did take up the reigns, he detractors in the party kept snipping at his heels, with former CM Rajinder KaurBhattal kept challenging his claim to the CM's chair till the last day even after Rahul's declaration.His detractors say Captain may have also been done in by two major factors -complacency arising out of Punjab's anti-incumbency trend and not matching up to SAD's organizational skills.He managed a faint explanation: \"There was no development on the ground. But, the hype created around the issue and the money spent on advertisements did tilt the scales.\"Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169358", "title": "Residents fear slip road may be deathtrap", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a glaring example of bad planning, public works department is planning to open a slip road connecting the Barapullah elevated road to Lala Lajpat Rai Marg that would create further traffic woes rather than solving them.The slip road above Kushak Nullah, acting as an exit for traffic on the elevated road coming from east Delhi, is expected to be opened to public by mid-March. The fast-moving traffic descending from the slip road will merge into the vehicles zipping down from the Oberoi flyover.The traffic police had earlier pointed out the problems with the current design of the slip road and asked for the installation of speed-reducing measures at the end of the slip road.The fast-moving traffic on the elevated road will be at danger of colliding with straight-moving traffic on the Lala Lajpat Rai Marg turning into the Jangpura colony, which houses over 15,000 residents.Despite the traffic police recommendations, the PWD has constructed no such safety features yet. \"We had written to the PWD on the safety concerns before they open the slip road to public. If these are not taken into consideration, there could be serious accidents,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.In a letter to PWD in December last year, the traffic police had said the slip road \"needs to be audited for safety because it is a sharp left turn on a downward slope.... Appropriate informatory signs and speed calming devices need to be installed.\"Traffic police had also noted that \"the exit on to Lala Lajpat Rai Marg is very close to the exit-entry to residential colony, Jangpura. This spot would in future become a black spot in terms of pedestrian-vehicle and vehicle-vehicle accidents. Corrective steps need to be thought of and implemented on the ground before making the exit road operational.\"Meanwhile, the Jangpura residents have fiercely opposed the construction of the slip road and have decided to go to court regarding the matter. While the residents filed a PIL on Tuesday demanding a foot over-bridge at the junction, they are planning to file a writ petition to demand a review of the construction of the slip road.On Tuesday, residents of Jangpura protested at the construction site demanding that PWD stop the work. Local police had to be deployed at the site to allow the civic agency to continue their work. \"The PWD has closed one of the two entry and exit points of the colony for the construction of the slip road. We were given no intimation that our entry gate will be blocked like this,\" said RWA president Monu Chaddha.\"Even worse, the only entry and exit gate available now is right next to the end of the slip road, which means that the junction will become a death trap as vehicles may collide. PWD has no permission to close down one entry point like this,\" said Chaddha.PWD officials said they had requisite permissions to carry on the work. \"We have all the necessary permission. Work will be completed as per schedule,\" said a senior PWD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169559", "title": "City soon to get direct flights to Goa, Delhi", "text": "SURAT: Surtis may not have to go all the way to Mumbai for flying to Goa. A private airline carrier Yamuna Airways has announced the beginning of its air services from Surat to Goa and Delhi by August 15.Essentially working on the feeder route and small crafts, the company plans to park two of its aircrafts, which are being acquired, on Surat airport.Talking to TOI, Jagdish Kotecha of Skylink Aviation Services said, \"We will declare our plans officially in the air show being held in Bangalore on March 14, 15 and 16.\"According to the plan, company is in the process of acquiring Embraer type (Brazilian) and ATR Type (Presently used by King Fisher) 50 to 70 seat crafts.The plan is to run a Surat-Delhi-Chandigadh flight in the morning. This flight will return to Surat by night and run a Surat-Mumbai-Goa flight in the morning. This flight will return to Surat by night and will be parked here.Airport controller at Surat airport A S Shendre said, \"The team visited the airport on Monday and gathered some technical information.\"Kotecha even said that he has got the approval letter from Ras-al-Khaima (Rak) Airways of Dubai to operate on seven different cities of India, namely Surat, Indore, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Goa and Mangalore. If Surat airport gets equipped for international traffic and sets up an immigration office, direct flight to Dubai from the city will become a reality by May.\"For feeder route operators, parking an aircraft in a big international airport is unaffordable. They will have to look at smaller airports for the parking and Surat is one place which could serve a purpose for many small operators if authorities start giving permission to them,\" company's chief operations officer M V Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169533", "title": "SMC seals 34 premises of property tax evaders", "text": "SURAT: Continuing its campaign against property tax evaders in the city, the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) on Monday sealed 34 premises in north zone.Sources said property tax department officials collected Rs 6.81 lakh as outstanding tax on the spot from the owners of the premises in different areas of the north zone. Among the properties sealed were 11 shops, 17 weaving units, four embroidery units and two godowns. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12172698", "title": "Poll results may result in slower reforms, populist budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: The verdict of state elections could further stymie any hope of speeding up reforms, fear economists and market analysts. They apprehend a heavy dose of populism in the 2012-13 budget and economic policy geared to winning votes in the run-up to the general elections in 2014.\"It is early days yet, but it could pose challenges to get every one on board to be able to fast track some long pending reforms,\" said Shubhada Rao, chief economist, Yes Bank.\"The situation is such that there is a need to correct the fiscal situation. However, it will be unrealistic to expect a sharp cut in fiscal deficit,\" she added. Rao feels that the next year's budget will be crucial and watched keenly in the context of the General Elections.\"As for the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy stance, the central bank has anyway signalled a reversal of its policy stance through a reduction of cash reserve requirements or CRR for banks. \"The issue is whether it will be only a CRR cut or it will be a combination of repo rate cut as well,\" said Rao. The growth forecast for the economy has already scaled down to 7%, a far cry from the over 9% growth before the financing crisis of 2008.Other economic parameters, such as fiscal deficit, industrial output and exports too, do not indicate a healthy trend. As a result most economists say policy measures to revive investment and growth is the ideal policy option. But at the same time getting political consensus could be challenging for the government.With Uttar Pradesh alone accounting for 80 of the 500 odd seats in the lower house of the Parliament, \"the results will play an important role in shaping policy decisions,\" said Rohini Malkani of Citigroup. Reforms on the back burner due to opposition from some of the allies are FDI in retail, pensions and fertiliser subsidies.There are others who are still optimistic. They believe that nothing has changed in the context of politics at the centre. \"As long as there is no political realignment, its not going to change the policy momentum as such.\" said Rajesh Cheruvu, head of investment strategy, RBS.\"We don't expect the current state elections to be great game changers from policy perspective.\"\"Markets are going to see how this government balances its agenda of inclusive growth and maintains growth by managing inflation. When you are doing all this, can you also manage the fiscal deficit. If we see a lot of populism schemes, without similar avenues for raising money on the other hand-that could be taken very negatively.\"This is a penultimate budget of this government leading many to expect the government to initiate concrete steps as the 2013 budget is expected to populist.\"As a result expectations are building up that you could see some policy intent coming into the budget this year. So directionally the Union budget this month will be very critical,\" said Prateek Pant, Head, wealth solutions-RBS.Global ratings firm Standard and Poor's has indicated that India's sovereign debt rating could be downgraded if the government does not improve on its finances.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168679", "title": "Indian Chamber of Commerce felicitates Ganesh Pyne", "text": "KOLKATA: In acknowledgement of his illustrious painting career, spanning over a period of four decades, legendary painter Ganesh Pyne was conferred the lifetime achievement award by the Indian Chamber of Commerce this year.Eminent theatre personality Rudraprasad Sengupta dwelled on his association with the 75-year-old artist. recalled how Pyne virtually began shunning the shows of Sengupta's Nandikar theatre group in recent years to avoid being called on stage. \"So I have promised I will henceforth allow him his own private space and not call to the stage from the audience seat. But please don't stop attending our drama shows, you are a theatre patron, we need your guidance and vision,\" the noted theatre personality fondly said.\"You have that impregnable approach, you cannot be touched, you are one of those man of few words whose works speak for themselves,\" Sengupta commented as Pyne looked on after acknowledging the honour from the ICC President Srivardhan Goenka.The award was presented by ICC president Srivardhan Goenka and a visibly moved Pyne in a brief speech said he felt humbled by all the accoladesand was receiving the honour with all humility.Later to a question Pyne told PTI it was in the fitness of things that such honours should come at a later stage of his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172130", "title": "Drama unfolds at Padduram's book aunch", "text": "Debutant director Ajay Moga earlier wanted Laloo Prasad Yadav for the music launch of his film Padduram which revolves around a kid who has a flatulence problem. While that didn't quite happen, a guest paid a surprise visit during the book launch of the character Padduram and how.During the event that was held at the 20th World Book Fair at Pragati Maidan, Delhi, a member of the audience, who later admitted to having a flatulence problem himself, went up to the podium, uninvited, only to announce that there is nothing wrong with farting publicly.That's not all. The event was headed for some more theatrics.Rachit Sidana, the child actor who essays the lead role of Padduram, threw a tantrum all of his own. He insisted on launching the book since he is the lead actor of the film and actually threatened to walk out. It was only when Moga stepped in and coaxed him into staying put that he refrained from further creating a scene.Finally, Chief Guest and Big Boss 5 winner Juhi Parmar , along with Rachit, did the honours.The film Padduram tries to tell the world that there is nothing to feel shy about having a flatulence problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170161", "title": "'Youth votes swung results in SP favour'", "text": "VARANASI: The youths wanted change and most of them were fed up with the BSP government. The verdict thus clearly reflected the mindset of youth who turned up in large numbers to bring about a change, opined Vipulendra Pratap Singh, a research scholar of the Faculty of Social Science, Banaras Hindu University, after the results of UP assembly elections started to pour in and a wave of change became apparent as the day progressed.While a number of young students remained glued to the TV sets to keep track of latest update on the election results at the Raja Ram Mohan Roy Hostel under the faculty, the satisfaction of casting votes was also visible on their faces. Youths were definitely the decisive factors and most of them were vying for a change. As it was a matter of calculation which way their votes swung, it was clearly apparent that they were rearing for change. It was also a reflection of the fact that those political parties that failed to cash on their urge paid the price, said Anil Kumar, a student of MA (political science) on the occasion.The BHU campus was buzzing with speculations and expectations and faculty and students were keeping an eye on the results till late afternoon. It was a big change from the past assembly elections that not only witnessed BHU registering one of the lowest turnout in the elections, but also remained indifferent to the election results. It may be mentioned here that BHU had witnessed a sharp rise of voter turnout, more than double of what it registered in 2007. The voter turnout at BHU was over 42% this year, a sharp rise from 17% registered in 2007.However, the scene outside the BHU campus was jubilant, as people started to celebrate victory of SP as the results started to pour in. The traditional SP supporters from nearby villages including Seer Gowardhanpur thronged the Lanka Crossing to cheer the victory of SP that registered landslide victory in the assembly elections. \"It is a mandate against corrupt government and the youths have identified themselves with young face of SP represented by Akhilesh Yadav. Now, the election results have shown that they are not carried away by big promises but want development at grassroot level in the area,\" said Shyamji, a youth from Seer village.In other areas of the city including Madanpura and Rewaritalab, predominantly Muslim areas in the city, discussions and debates over the election results were also visible at crossings with young faces also joining the discussions to speak their minds. The voters were divided in their opinion when it came to casting votes. However, one thing was common that they wanted a change of BSP-led government, said Asfaqullah, a young Muslim voter who had cast his vote for the first time in the assembly elections this year.The hint of change was also visible amongst young female voters, who were hardly surprised by the landslide victory of SP in the elections. The Mayawati government had lost trust of people and was riddled with corruption and misrule. Though, the party was ruled by a woman, female voters desperately wanted change. \"The SP capitalised in the elections and we hope that it fulfills the promise of providing unemployment allowance and laptops,\" added Shikha Srivastava, a BA (II) student from Agrasen PG college in the city.\"The Rahul factor which was making waves before the elections also subsided as the results poured. Rahul Gandhi definitely represents the young face of the Congress and attracted crowds in the election rallies. But, it did not make a difference in the choice of youths, who considered SP a better and formidable alternative for BSP-government. They also ensured that state is not pushed towards hung assembly and they deserve accolades,\" said Ashutosh Pandey, an MCA student of BHU.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169483", "title": "New scheme to keep JDA land encroachment-free", "text": "JAIPUR: In order to save huge chunks of land from encroachment in outer city area and earn revenue from it, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has come up with an idea to launch farmhouse scheme on such land.To start with, the authorities have planned to identify and launch the farmhouse scheme falling under the ecological zone according to Master Plan 2025. According to official sources, JDA has already identified 612 bighas in zone 13 for the same and soon the plane table (PT) survey will be started. However, the final decision to launch the farmhouse scheme will be taken only after the JDA secretary's approval.An official said it is very difficult to protect these lands from encroachments. Also, putting a wire around the area or constructing a boundary wall is an expensive affair. The residents of Harikrishan Pura and Meeno Ki Baad have started growing vegetables on the government land. According to the officials, the ecological area is divided into three categories. In G1 and G2 areas no development will be allowed whereas in G3 land holders will be permitted to run resorts and restaurants. However, some percentage of construction is allowed in G2. According to the town planning department 10 per cent construction can be done on farmhouses, so it can be considered in G2 areas.Meanwhile, the authorities have also directed the zone commissioner to suggest how a huge chunk of land which is not falling under the ecological zone can be protected. The JDA in its periphery has huge chucks of land and is struggling hard to protect it from encroachment. In 2011, the enforcement team of JDA had made around 952 bighas encroachment-free. Similarly, in 2010 around 912 bighas and 1300 bighas in 2009 was made encroachment-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12168712", "title": "Losers steal South Goa's show", "text": "MARGAO: 8am. It seemed like business as usual in the state's commercial capital. For the fish vendors sipping tea on their bus journey to the market, the heated discussion was the lack of mackerels in the day's catch. Moving into the city, however, the electoral epicentre was burning with election fever.G R Kare law college and Damodar college, adjacent venues for the South Goa counting were set to make history. Hundreds of supporters took the day off to witness what will be remembered as an election that has shown the first signs of public dissent against 'family raj'.The air was thick with suspense and Goan summer humidity. Pair that with a ground full of supporters boiling with loyalty to their various parties and you have a recipe for disaster. Armed CRPF personnel were prepared for just that, ready to block those who tried to cross the fence. Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco was the first of the aspirants to make an appearance. But Fatorda constituency was the buzz word early in the day and Lourenco passed by unnoticed.Vijai Sardesai's supporters were however ruling the roost with their joyous slogan-chanting, horn-blowing and dancing, while they waited for the rebel Congress leader. They were confident of his victory. So confident, they garlanded him and celebrated his win even before the results were announced!Temperatures soared as the day progressed. \"We should have stayed at home and watched the results on TV,\" said a supporter, covereing her head with the day's newspaper and sipping from a bottle of water a CRPF guard gave her. \"Anyway, TV audiences seem to be getting this information first,\" she added. The announcements then started, announcing one anti-Congress victory after another. The main concern for most on this South Goa ground was knowing who had lost rather than who had won.With announcements being declared in their favour, BJP supporters started making their presence felt with slogans like ful'lem re ful'lem, kamal ful'lem and kabar re kabar, family raj kabar (the lotus has bloomed and end to the 'family raj'). \"I used to support the Congress, but they seem to have taken advantage of our confidence,\" said a new BJP supporter. The few victorious Congress candidates received joyous but restricted shouts of praise.The excitement soared when supporters brought in reinforcements of streamers, colour, vuvuzela-like horns and a base drum. Dancing in the heat, they literally raised dust. Earlier, groups were formed around individuals who seemed to have more information than others. Rumours about an Alemao downfall were being predicted way before the results were out.Drama ruled the day. Supporters appeared to have a newfound confidence, and jeering politicians gained flair. Yuri Alemao bore all with a smile even as the dejected Alemao clan-Churchill, Joaquim, Valanka and Yuri-left to a booing crowd.Celebrating her uncle's victory proved costly for Melissa Simoes (Matanhy Saldanha's niece) as she was punched in the eye by a rival party supporter. A mild lathicharge soon followed.Dark horse Avertano Furtado, who defeated Churchill was received with roaring shouts of joy. Incumbent CM Digambar Kamat bravely crossed the railway tracks to enter BJP territory and was greeted only by his loyal supporters even as he trudged almost unnoticed past Furtado's parade.With every triumphant candidate carried like blushing Jewish bridegrooms one only hopes they bring about the change they have promised.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12168917", "title": "What went wrong with the Congress?", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than the poor tally, it is the total loss of face that will continue to haunt the Congress for a long time to come. A mere 27 out of the UP Assembly's 403 seats is definitely not the magic number Rahul Gandhi had in mind when he launched 'Mission- 2012' three years ago or when, during his pre-poll pep talks with party cadres, he sold Congress as the would-be-kingmaker in UP.Most prominent candidates put up by the party lost: Louise Khurshid, wife of law minister Salman Khrushid , MP Jagdambika Pal's son Abhishek , Rakesh Verma (son of union minister Beni Prasad Verma), Amethi's former MLA and party MP Sanjay Singh's wife Amita Singh, Ajay Naresh, the son of Madhya Pradesh governor Ram Naresh Yadav and veteran Ammar Rizvi. But the biggest shocker has been the debacle in Gandhi pocket boroughs of Rae Bareli and Sultanpur where Congress failed to win a single seat despite a high voltage campaign by Priyanka Gandhi. In Amethi, another Gandhi stronghold, it could bag only two seats.But most Congressmen are in no mood to blame the Yuvraaj'. \"He did whatever he could, holding more than 250 meetings and rallies. Rahul practically lived out of his suitcase for over four months. It is the local leadership which failed to encash the goodwill he generated,\" a party leader told TOI, summing up the mood within the state party unit. However, voices against Rahul's error of judgment like trusting turncoats like Rashid Masood and Beni Prasad Verma are becoming louder.Beni, touted as the backward face of the party, played a crucial role in distribution of tickets in at least a dozen constituencies including Barabanki, Faizabad, Siddhrthnagar, Bahraich, Shrawasti, Gonda, Lakhimpurkhiri , Balrampur, Kushinagar and Sitapur. Not only did the party get a historic drubbing in the belt, Beni's son Rakesh lost from Barabanki Daryapur seat. Angry party workers are now openly questioning the wisdom of handing over the task of awarding tickets in more than a 100 constituencies to the former SP leader (Beni) who only obliged his former loyalists and associates in the bargain. Party workers feel it is time for a purge within the party's state unit.Playing the Muslim card-the promise for a job quota for the community--also boomeranged on the party. The quota pitch, feel many, came too late in the day. The electorate trashed it as a mere pre poll sop and Mulyam promptly stole the thunder by a counter offer of 18 percent reservation.The party's ambivalence on Right to Education (RTE) tilted All India Muslim Personal Law Board towards the SP. The Batla house encounter ghost resurrected unnecessarily during the election campaign in eastern UP contributed to the party's defeat with the last nail being Salman Khurshid's public declaration-and a prompt denial by another Congress leader--of Sonia Gandhi shedding tears after hearing accounts of the encounter.Lack of grass roots workers and other organizational weaknesses, and the Congress' inability to project a Chief Ministerial candidate, also went against the party. Thus, Akhilesh Yadav's taunt that the Congress was an army with borrowed commanders struck a cord with the masses.Rahul's assertion that the Congress would have no truck with the SP also came when the polling was already underway and people had already made up their minds. Finally, infighting and arrogance of Congress leaders put off the voters. Lack of trust among the top three functionaries--UPCC in charge Digvijay Singh, UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi and CLP leader Pramod Tiwari-was public knowledge. Flashes of Beni Prasad Verma calling Punia \"an inconsequential outsider from Punjab\", or Sripakash Jaiswal , Digvijay Singh and Beni's pitch for President's rule if Congress failed to garner majority antagonized the masses. Apart from projecting the Congress in unflattering light, it also sent the message that it was jittery about its performance. And the SP gained from all this.Elections 2012 News Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12170509", "title": "AI lines up all-women crew", "text": "MUMBAI: Air India will operate all-women crew flights to Newark , London and Singapore on Thursday to commemorate International Women's Day. An airline spokesperson said that the idea was to operate one flight each to three continents. Air India Express, a wholly owned subsidiary of Air India, will also operate an all-women crew flight to Bahrain and Doha on the occasion.Air France-KLM will celebrate Women's Day with gifts. \"Women travelling on both Air France and KLM on Thursday will receive a nice gift when they check in at Mumbai, Delhi or Bangalore airports,\" said an Air France spokesperson. Jet Airways has launched an initiative wherein every group with at least one woman traveller that makes an online booking at the airline's website this month will get a discount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168189", "title": "State Information Commission questions blocking of thoroughfare", "text": "PATNA: The State Information Commission (SIC) on Monday asked the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) to explain how and under whose authority it has blocked a thoroughfare that passed through its complex. \"Nobody has the power to deny use of road, water and power supplies without valid reasons, to the people.Such an act amounts not only to violation of fundamental rights, but also amounts to gross violation of human rights,\" ruled information commissioner Farzand Ahmed. Dealing with a petition, under RTI Act, of a group of citizens led by one Rajendra Kumar of Ashiananagar area, he asked the public information officer (PIO) to appear before his court with all documentary evidence as well as copy of the government notification authorizing it to build a wall blocking the thoroughfare and deploy armed security to protect it.The information seekers pointed out that the road connecting Bailey Road to various colonies on the other side had been in public use since 1908. The road had been shown as the part of the public land in the land survey of 1916 as well as in the land records. The information seekers quoted a government order dated May 18, 1982, that referred to government notification no. 344 of January 15, 1969, under which no individual or institution could usurp or get settled any piece of gair-mazarua land which already had been under the use of public.The SIC's direction to the IGIMS director's office followed after the PIO of Patna Regional Development Authority ( PRDA) and Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) appeared and pleaded that the PMC has no role in the decision to block or merge the road with IGIMS complex. Giving the background, the petition pointed out that in the nights of August 24, and November 11, 2009, the IGIMS deployed JCB machines to dig the road in a bid to construct a wall. When the Institute failed in its efforts in the face of public resistance, the IGIMS administration with the support of the district administration on the night of November 30, 2009, deployed police force in large number backed by water cannon and anti-riot Vajra vehicle to convert the road into a strong concrete wall.The petition said that after the people were terrorized by the IGIMS, the administration deployed armed police force to keep round-the-clock vigil of the wall till March, 2010, to ensure that the public could not demolish it. Thus, under the shadow of the guns, a wall came up on the road and was handed over to the institution, it said. Drawing attention of the municipal commissioner towards the letter no. 2709 of the additional secretary of urban development and housing department along with public complains, the petitioners wanted to know as to what action has been taken in this regard so far. The case has been hanging fire since December 11, 2010. The SIC has fixed next hearing on April 10 and the PIO of the IGIMS has been directed to appear with related information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12168772", "title": "Pleasant weather to return soon", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Regional Meteorological Centre (RMC) has predicted a reduction of dusty winds in and around the city by the next two to three days. The wind had made it inconvenient for travellers to pass the city streets during the last few days.Meteorologist of RMC, Guwahati, Sunit Das, said pleasant weather will return in the two to three days as the surface wind speed will reduce in and around the city. This will also help reduce the dusty winds.\"The reason for the dusty wind in the city is the shallow high pressure seen over the west Assam and adjoining areas. Though we are expecting that the weather will be pleasant in the next few days, there is also a possibility of light rainfall occurring in and around Guwahati,\" Das said.It is time for the government agencies to take necessary steps to prevent flash floods and water logging in the city as the meteorologist has forecasted that thunderstorms accompanied by rainfall, squall and hail may occur in Guwahati and its adjoining areas from March 15. \"Climatologically, the peak thunderstorm season starts from April 15 to May 31 in the northeast,\" Das said.He added that in the last 24 hours, rainfall has occurred in many places in east Arunachal Pradesh , Tinsukia and Dibrugarh districts of Assam and in parts of Nagaland and Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168878", "title": "Visa norms a bitter pill to medical tourism", "text": "CHENNAI: Some 40 policemen landed up at the Apollo Hospitals on Greams Road recently to check whether their 100-odd foreign patients undergoing treatment at the hospital had valid visas. While some patients were uncomfortable and embarrassed, the hospital management was upset.On Tuesday, hospital chairman Dr Prathap C Reddy, who is also the CII chairman of the public health council, said India has been receiving patients from across the. \"But despite our capabilities, we have not been able to be on the top because of inadequate support from the government,\" he told reporters. Since the 26/11 terror attack in Mumbai, the cost of medical visa has gone up by three times for citizens of some countries, he said. The processing procedures have also become cumbersome and tedious. Also, policemen visit the hospital to check on the patients and their attenders.\"If you ask me why, I have no answers,\" said Dr Reddy. \"We have made several representations to the external affairs ministry and the Union health ministry. Sometimes, even if we think the patient may not be fit to travel, we discharge them because the visa process for extension is complicated.\"Countries like the UK and the US have supported medical tourism for several decades now. However, in many Asian countries like Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and India, the concept is new and rapidly growing. Market estimates value medical tourism in India at US$ 40 billion with annual growth of 20%. CII estimates that 1,50,000 medical tourists came to India in 2005, based on feedback from the organization's member hospitals. The number grew to 2,00,000 (33%) by 2008. Experts expect that by 2015, India will receive more than half a million medical tourists annually.Chennai-based MIOT Hospitals managing director Mallika Mohandoss said their hospitals had lost patients from several countries because of the delays in visa processing. \"People choose India because the cost of treatment and stay are cheap. In countries like Thailand, medical visas are issued in 24 hours. Some patients seeking treatment in India are made to wait for weeks,\" she said.But some doctor's like Delhi-based Dr Naresh Trehan, who heads the Medanta Hospitals, said they did not mind the delay or police checks on patients. \"We send requests to embassies requesting them to expedite the application process. I believe security cannot be compromised,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12168926", "title": "Life term for 2 who killed woman upheld", "text": "MADURAI: Condemning the murder of a woman in front of her children, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court upheld the life sentence imposed on two convicts.On January 4, 2005, at about 9pm, when the deceased Muthulakshmi's husband was away, one R Murugan came to their house seeking a chit amount. He was chided away by her.At midnight, R Murugan, S Murugan and Dinesh Kumar broke into the house. They threatened the children with a billhook and later killed their mother. On August 8, 2008, the principal sessions judge, Ramanathapuram convicted the trio and sentenced them to undergo life sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12162515", "title": "The mystery girl of 'Hate Story' revealed", "text": "The mystery girl, who grabbed the nation's eye balls in the brand new bold poster of Vikram Bhatt's next 'Hate Story' directed by Vivek Agnihotri is Paoli Dam.The poster, which created a buzz in the industry with only her tattooed bare back and a gun, with the makers keeping mum on the identity of this unknown woman for a long time belongs to the Bengali bombshell.Paoli is all set to take Bollywood by storm in Hate Story, which has been penned and produced by him Vikram Bhatt. Directed by Vivek Agnihotri, the movie is based on a woman's vengeance and how she uses her sexuality as a lethal weapon. The film also stars Nikhil Dwivedi and Gulshan Devaiah.Paoli is an Indian Bengali actor, who made her debut with the Bengali film Agnipariksha in 2006. She came into limelight in 2009 when she won several accolades for her Bengali film - Kaalbela, directed by notable Director Gautam Ghose. She also shared screen space with Bipasha Basu in Shob Charitro Kalponik directed by Rituparno Ghosh .Paoli was recently in the news for her nude scene in the movie titled Chhatrak, which was premiered at the Cannes and Toronto Film Festivals. The sultry actor raised a lot of eyebrows for this explicit scene containing full frontal nudity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168346", "title": "Sweet shops gutted in blaze near Patna Museum", "text": "PATNA: A major fire engulfed three sweet shops opposite the Patna Museum on Tuesday evening reduced them to ashes even as 14 fire tenders struggled to douse the leaping flames. The shops manufactured khaja and other sweets. A grocery shop-owner Surendra Pathak said he heard deafening sounds as if several gas cylinders were exploding at around 6.30 pm.\"As I came out of the shop, I saw fire breaking out at Sawan Misthan Bhandar where the LPG cylinders had exploded,\" he said adding that soon the flames engulfed the entire shop and its godown in the rear. People ran helter-skelter as panic prevailed in the entire locality.Another eyewitness said he feared that as many as seven gas cylinders exploded and the blaze soon caught three other shops in the vicinity even as the owners and employees fled for safety. While two shops belonged to Anil Kumar, one is owned by Bholaji, said a local. Most of the owners of the adjoining shops downed their shutter fearing that the fire might also engulf their shops.A large crowd had assembled and police had a tough time in controlling the situation. All the link roads to Patna Museum were closed for traffic for some time because of the blaze. Police personnel from Police Control Room and Patna Police Lines were also deployed to control the situation. DSP (law &amp; order) LM Sharma and Kotwali SHO Aman Kumar were on the spot during the fire fighting operation.The local police removed gas cylinder from a godown fearing that the fire might spread to the godown which would have made it extremely difficult to control the situation. DM Sanjay Kumar Singh and SSP Alok Kumar also reached the spot to assess the situation. Some firemen climbed the roof of the shops to douse the flames that had engulfed the godown.It took the firemen about two hours to bring the blaze under control. Property worth lakhs of rupees were reduced to ashes in the blaze. The SSP said altogether eight gas cylinders had exploded, six in Sawan Misthan Bhandar and two in adjoining shops. It seems that the incident took place when some sweets were being prepared and there was some leakage in the LPG cylinder that led to the explosions, he said.The SSP said a godown storing LPG cylinders located about 50 metres from the spot was immediately vacated and a truck laden with gas cylinder was also removed from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12172911", "title": "Mundera Mandi turns into a fortress", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It was a hectic day for security personnel who on Tuesday turned Mundera Mandi, where the counting of votes for 12 assembly constituencies of Allahabad including City North, City South, City West, Phaphamau, Soraon, Koraon, Pratappur, Handia, Karchana, Phulpur, Meja and Bara was taken up, into a fortress.A total of 1,200 jawans from civil police and Central Para-Military forces were deployed to maintain law and order. The police had divided the counting area into three parts -- Isolation cordon, Inner cordon and Outer cordon. While personnel of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) were deployed at Isolation cordon, jawans of Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) and civil police were deployed at inner cordon and outer cordon respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12171879", "title": "Priyanka prays for dad at Ajmer Sharif", "text": "She has always been her daddy's girl. Standing by her father even when he was dogged by vicious controversy. And now, Mirror has learnt, Priyanka Chopra is flying down to Ajmer Sharif to offer a special prayer for the ailing Dr Ashok Chopra.A source close to Priyanka revealed, \"Dr Chopra was diagonsed with cancer in 2009. After prolonged treatment, he was quite alright. But it seems the problems have resurfaced.\"A concerned Priyanka has been spending as much time with him as possible. The family has been together, with her mother Dr Madhu Chopra and her younger brother, by her father's side almost all the time.The actress has had her hands full, hopping from Hyderabad, where she is shooting for Krish 3, to Darjeeling, where she is shooting for Barfee. \"Dr Chopra had flown down to Darjeeling to spend time with Priyanka. Father and daughter are very close to each other,\" said the source.It was in 2009, that Dr Chopra was diagnosed with the dreaded disease and was hospitalised for a while to undergo a major surgery. At that time he had fondly and proudly said of his daughter, \"Priyanka looks after me very well. She was with me in the hospital throughout. There was brief spell of well-being. But in 2011 afgain, Dr Chopra compalined of extreme weakness and his alarmed doctors advised him to take rest, but under supervision. At that time, he had gone to the US for the much-needed recuperation. Priyanka was there again by his side, flitting between the clinic and the studios, where she was recording her album.Priyanka remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12171164", "title": "Election results 2012: Ghaziabad still a Maya stronghold", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Going against the wave of the \"red cap\" party across UP, Ghazibad voted for BSP. Mayawati's partymen were elected from four of the eight constituencies which are part of the Ghaziabad Lok Sabha segment. While the Congress-RLD alliance and SP won two seats each, BJP was completely wiped out on Tuesday from this region bordering the national capital.BSP winning from Sahibabad, Ghaziabad, Muradnagar and Loni is likely to cause greater worry for the saffron party considering its eroding support base - particularly its loyal baniya and upper caste votes. BJP was rooted out completely in less than three years after people of Ghaziabad had elected its former national president Rajnath Singh to the XIVth LS.Political analysts feel wrong selection of candidates and Singh's lack of interest in local issues were responsible for BJP's big loss from these urbanized blocks. However, there are also theories of Muslims and dalits rallying behind the BSP apprehending BJP could win from these seats. Moreover, Mayawati's move to allot houses to the poor seems to have worked for her party.For the Congress-RLD combine, it was equally bad considering the alliance had high hopes of doing well, especially after Rahul Gandhi had announced in a rally here that RLD's Jayant Chaudhry would \"lead\" the state if they were voted to power. The alliance won from Hapur and Modinagar seats.On its part, though SP does not even need to give a thought to party's poor show from Ghaziabad considering the clear mandate it has got for the next government, its nominee Rajpal Tyagi - a sixtime MLA and cabinet minister in Mayawati government - getting defeated by BSP's Wahab is an issue that the party might analyse at a later stage.The dumped minister was included in the party at the last minute and Akhilesh Singh had campaigned for him. \"You rode bicycles with me in huge number from here. You have to give us a clear majority,\" Akhilesh had said.Now there are doubts whether Ghaziabad's interests would be sidelined by the SP government in Lucknow with its candidates winning only from Dhaulana and Garh Mukteswar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169475", "title": "UPset Cong rethinks poll strategy", "text": "MUMBAI: Prompted by its humiliating defeat in Uttar Pradesh assembly elections, the Congress has decided to redraft its strategy for the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls.Though there was no response from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre said he was \"shocked\" by the party's debacle in Uttar Pradesh elections. \"We were expecting a better performance. As we are preparing for the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls, we will have to redraft our strategy to prevent communal forces from coming to power,\" Thakre said.Said a senior Congress minister, \"In the last three consecutive civic and zilla parishad elections, there has been a steady decline in the number of votes polled by the Congress. Unfortunately, we have failed to analyze the reasons for our dismal performance. If this trend continues in the 2014 assembly polls, then it won't be possible for the Congress to retain power in Maharashtra.\"State cabinet members are of the opinion that the Congress must re-examine its decision to contest the polls with the NCP, particularly in view of the drubbing the party received in the last month's civic polls. \"We contested the elections with the NCP thinking the alliance will help us better our performance. But this is not what happened: The Congress was badly mauled while the NCP benefited from the alliance,\" he said.Another Congress minister said Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh will concentrate on Maharashtra in the run-up to the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls in view of the large number of minority votes here. \"The outcome of the civic polls establishes that minority voters, who traditionally voted for the Congress, have joined hands with the SP. The Congress lost 17 seats in the BMC polls owing to the presence of SP candidates in the fray,'' he said.Chavan, said the minister, needs to gear up for the 2014 assembly polls. The general perception about the CM is that he is \"clean but ineffectual and delays even routine decision\".\"The Congress will have to work out a new strategy and win the confidence of all sections of the society otherwise it will end up paying a heavy price in the next assembly polls,'' he said.\"Immediately after the civic polls, the saffron combine infused fresh vigour into its preparations for the 2014 assembly polls,\" said the minister. \"The Shiv Sena's biggest advantage is its strong network. The Sena operates though its shakhas across the state, while the Congress lags behind with an organisational network. Also, the infighting in the Congress has reached its peak and no steps have been taken to resolve the dispute.''Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananathapuram", "code": "12169429", "title": "RBI outsources temple safe project", "text": "THIRUVANANATHAPURAM: The proposed new safe lockers at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple to store the treasure that are currently stocked in traditional vaults inside the temple will be built by Godrej.Top sources told TOI that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) which was entrusted with the task of constructing the safe lockers for the temple has outsourced the work to Godrej industries' security solutions unit which is part of Godrej &amp; Boyce Mfg Co Ltd.On Tuesday, Vikas Verma, manager protocol and security (RBI, Guwahati), and a member of the expert committee appointed by the Supreme Court to assess the wealth of the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple, made a presentation on the proposed new vault to the expert committee. According to sources, the presentation was incomplete as the Vasthu Sastra for constructing the vault was not taken into account. Vasthuvidya Gurukulam at Aranmula has been entrusted with the job of fine tuning the vasthu angle of the RBI's project plan to build the vault.Kanippayyoor Krishnan Namboodiripad, said to be the last word on traditional architecture in Kerala, has been entrusted with the job of finding a suitable spot to position the vault. Since security takes precedence over Vasthu Sastra, he would have to wait till RBI finishes the vault's plan to make changes if any.\"Namboodiripad, dean of the Vaasthuvidya Gurukulam, has informed Vikas Verma about some of the measurement classifications that just won't fit inside the Mahakshetram and has earmarked places within which the vaults must be placed. Out of the eight measurement classification (length X width), only four measurement combinations are conducive according to the Vaasthu Sastra. There are a few places within the temple where the vault can be placed and from the looks of it, it will be very near where the current vaults are located,\" said an official from Vasthuvidya Gurukulam.\"Most of the RBI vaults are underground and were constructed before 1935. If the temple vault cannot be located underground then the doors can be reinforced with steel girders, but anti-tunnelling devices must be put in. The temple could have either one or many safes around eight feet in width and 12 feet in height. Godrej has a good range of fire and burglary-proof safes. The Godrej Defender Plus series is said to survive an hour of fire. The DEF-61-Double Door, with a storage capacity of 18 cubic ft, is one of the top-end safes available in the market,\" said an RBI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12169928", "title": "Jackal attacks three villagers", "text": "BOKARO: Three villagers were injured after being attacked by a jackal at Tetulia village in Chandankyari block.Alert has been sounded in the area.Forest officials have asked villagers not to move near jungles or ponds after dark. The streets wore a deserted look with children confined to their homes. Those injured have been identified as Sahdeo Ansari, Menka Devi and Devi of Tetulia. Bokaro DFO K Manish Arvind said the trio had gone near a pond in the evening when they were attacked by a jackal. Later, they raised an alarm following which other villagers rushed to the spot and jackal fled inside the jungle.\"I have asked forest staff to take them to the hospital for administering anti-rabies injections and other treatment required.Tana Bhagats' havan in Gumla: Altogether 50 Tana Bhagats from Gumla, Ghaghra and Sisai blocks, organized a 'havan' on the court premises to weed out corruption.Clad in traditional white clothes the Tana Bhagats started their anti-graft agitation on Friday and circulated handbills. tnnThey have received minor injuries and said to be out of danger. Foresters are on alert and keeping close vigil in the jungle where it was last spotted,\" said Arvind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169736", "title": "HC declines Mirchi\u2019s wife plea to stop flat auction", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday declined a plea by the wife of London-based drug baron Iqbal Mirchi to stay the auction of two flats at Milton Apartments in Versova.Heena Kausar, a British national, moved the HC to revoke the detention order passed against her husband. She claimed the flats belonged to her. A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode was hearing an application by Kausar seeking a stay on the auction of the two flats, which is to take place on March 12.Her advocate, Ayesha Ansari, argued that since the hearing of her petition is pending, the auction should be stayed. \"In case a detention order is set aside, the forfeiture of property will become invalid,\" she said.Additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia submitted that forfeiture proceedings have attained finality and that even the SC confirmed the order under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act. The judges directed that \"the auction may take place but it shall not be finalized until the petition is heard\", and posted the hearing to April 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168528", "title": "Home-alone woman found murdered", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old homemaker was found dead with stab injuries all over her body in the bedroom of her house at MS Palya in Vidyaranyapura on Tuesday afternoon. She was alone at home. 0 Meenakshi was found by her son Ratan, 16, when he returned from college around 1.30pm. Meenakshi, who hailed from Kollegal, had a tailoring shop next to her house and was separated from her husband Shankar for four years. Ratan told police he found the front door ajar and on going inside, found his mother's body in the bedroom. Police suspect the murder to be the handiwork of someone known to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170307", "title": "Rahul Gandhi: He came, he saw, was conquered", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi owned up to the Congress debacle in Uttar Pradesh but promised to stay the course in the state for the party's revival.\"I led the campaign from the front, I take the responsibility,\" he said in a press appearance outside 10, Janpath on Tuesday evening. He stepped forward to take responsibility for the loss amid a scramble among Congressmen to insulate him from any blame for the UP humiliation. The ring-fencing had started no sooner had the results confirmed that Samajwadi Party had swept the state and Congress had come a poor fourth.Rahul blamed the decimation on the \"party's weak fundamentals\" in UP and conceded the weakness would continue till the organization was strengthened. Complimenting Samajwadi Party and Akhilesh Yadav , the Congress heir apparent said the mood was clearly for the main opposition party.He, however, added that the defeat would not lessen his interest in UP. \"I promised the people of UP that I will be seen with the poor, on the roads and fields. My work will continue. My efforts will be to re-erect the Congress in UP.\"Rahul's brave decision to face the cameras came amid mounting criticism that the party was trying to shield him from the responsibility of defeat. The implications of the UP debacle can be serious for Rahul's fledgling political career as the party positions him for the top job at the Centre in 2014 elections.While the young leader made a mark in the 2009 polls, carving out a niche \"youth factor\" among the electorate, it has been a rough ride for him since. His mission of reviving Congress in the Hindi heartland suffered a setback when Congress was trounced in Bihar despite him leading the charge. A similar fate in UP threatens to dilute the belief in his leadership and charisma. His bold experiments with party nominations also bombed in Tamil Nadu and Kerala.The next elections in Gujarat are anyway tough for Congress and a stumble for Rahul there can only add to the negatives on his bio-data.Rahul, however, discounted such fears. \"I view my work as working for the people of this country, trying to improve the political system of this country. Certainly I expect to have victories on my way, and defeats... I take it in my stride.\"RAHUL ROUTED211 is the number of meetings Rahul Gandhi addressed in UP, that's one rally for every two assembly seats48 days is the time he spent campaigning in UP. Covered nearly all districts Nov 12, 2011 is when he began campaign with mass contact programme at BarabankiNov 14, 2011 is when he addressed his first meeting at Phulpur on Nehru's birth anniversaryRahul held road shows in 18 assembly seats 200km is the total distance he covered in his campaign busOn Feb 20, FIR registered against Rahul and 19 others in Kanpur for violating Sec 144 during a road showUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "12168541", "title": "Maoist couple lays down arms", "text": "PURULIA: Two hard-core Maoist cadres, allegedly involved in the murder of a police officer, surrendered in Purulia on Tuesday. Police say that after the encounter death of Kishanji, a large number of Maoist cadres have either fled the state or are expressing their willingness to surrender and return to mainstream life.Guerrillas Ramesh Singh Sardar and Seema Laya surrendered in front of Purulia SP Sunil Chowdhary on Tuesday morning. They were members of the 'Ayodhya platoon' and were involved in several killings, including the kidnap and murder of police inspector Partha Pratim Biswas and teacher Soumyajit Basu in October 2010. IG western zone Gangeswar Singh said that Ramesh and Seema were also involved in the murder of Jitu Singh Sardar at Balarampur a few months ago.Both the surrendered rebels have asked for the rehabilitation package promised by the government.Twenty-two Maoists have either surrendered or been arrested since the formation of the Trinamool Congress-Congress government nine months ago, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169212", "title": "Young leadership ready to take charge", "text": "LUCKNOW: The State assembly is all set to get younger with a number of young candidates winning elections.Twenty-seven-year old Uttkarsh Verma Madhur, who has retained Lakhimpur sadar seat, is the youngest sitting MLA. Grandson of senior SP leader Kaushal Kishore, Madhur secured 82,713 votes and defeated his nearest rival by a margin of 38,000. Madhur had entered the last assembly after winning the byelection following death of his grandfather.Ashish Kumar Yadav, the SP candidate from Etah, polled 39,200 votes in his first elections. He defeated his nearest rival Gajendra Singh Babloo by 4,500 votes. Yadav and Madhur are of same age.Son of senior SP leader Vaqar Ahmed Shah, Yashar Shah also made his political debut from Matera seat of Bahraich in this election. This 34-year-old management graduate defeated Ali Akhbar of Indian National Congress with over 1,600 votes. Abhishek Mishra who has won from the Lucknow North seat too is of 34 years. He defeated Congress candidate Dr Neeraj Bora with around 1,700 votes. Mishra, son of UP bureaucrat JS Mishra, quit lucrative IIM job to take a plunge in politics.Women too did not fare badly in the elections. Pooja Pal, the widow of BSP leader Raju Pal defeated muscleman Atiq Ahmed by more than 15,500 votes. She secured more than 34,545 votes to win the Allahabad west seat. Apna Dal's Anupriya Patel, daughter of party's founder Sohne Lal Patel, defeated her nearest rival Ramakant Singh by 17,000 votes to win Rohaniya seat in Varanasi.Though a few younger candidates were failed to win the elections they did give a tough time to their elder rivals. While Sanghmitra Maurya, the daughter state BSP president Swami Prasad Mishra, lost to Rameshwar Singh by over 30,000 votes on Aliganj seat of Etah, her brother Utkrisht gave a tough fight to SP's Manoj Pandey on Unchahar seat of Rae Bareli. In the end, he lost by a meagre 2,582 votes.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168566", "title": "Passengers create ruckus at airport over missing bags", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly 100 passengers, who arrived from Kuala Lumpur by an Air India Express flight at 5am on Tuesday, created a ruckus at the airport after they did not receive their checked-in baggage.Airport sources said that passengers waited for a long time near the conveyor belt for their baggage. \"After they could not find their baggage, they complained to airport officials who directed them to an Air India counter. As the staff did not give a reasonable explanation, the passengers started shouting,\" an official said.A senior Air India official said the bags could not be loaded on to the plane at Kuala Lumpur because the aircraft was overloaded. They also said that passengers were informed about the inconvenience.Police and airport officials tried to pacify the passengers. Air India officials later informed passengers that the bags were safe at Kuala Lumpur and would be brought to Chennai in the next flight. \"We are going to divert a Chennai-Singapore flight to Kuala Lumpur to bring the baggage that were left behind,\" said a spokesperson of the airline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169815", "title": "'Mera naam Sukhbir hai, Sukhbir'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A little less than a year ago, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi had attended the bhog ceremony of Surinder Kaur, wife of Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and mother of deputy CM Sukhbir Badal.He sat with Sukhbir for a while and nobody knows what he said apart from offering condolences.However, since then, SAD president Sukhbir Badal - already in the last leg of his government, led his party, along with his father, towards victory in Punjab.There has been a distinct similarity in the functioning of these two leaders - they are more CEOs of their states than just political leaders. If SAD did not do much in the early part of their reign after coming to power in 2007, Sukhbir Badal played the slog overs well, playing the development card very hard.He brought in Acts like the Right to Service Act, where he cut down on the role of middlemen to get things done from government offices. The announcement was made in a Steve Jobs-like fashion in a glitzy ceremony where Sukhbir took centrestage.He even flew down Metro-man E. Sreedharan to Ludhiana to announce the Metro coming to the city. Another masterstroke was the World Cup Kabaddi he started where the big prize money and IPL-like show had the rural youth talking.With a late surge in brand building, Sukhbir Badal, just after he cast his vote on January 30 in booth number 106 in a government school in Badal village, passed by a group of scribes when he was asked a question: \"So, who is winning the elections?\" He stopped, turned around, thumped his chest twice, before he spoke purposefully, with assertive pauses, \"Mera naam Sukhbir hai, Sukhbir.\"Those who saw him on that day called him \"arrogant\", \"aggressive,\" \"upstart\" and \"over confident.\" On Tuesday afternoon, as he came out of the Badal home in Lambi, victorious - he had silenced all his critics.The change began taking place when Sukhbir took over the reigns of SAD in 2002, when the party was withering. Along with the transformation of the party from an old organisation steeped in religion to a cutting edge party touting development and progress, came the transformation of Sukhbir himself - from the happy-go-lucky 'kakaji' to an aggressive CEO.On Tuesday, father Parkash Singh Badal was all praises - \"I should commend Sukhbir's organizational skills. He has done a good job as president of the party,\" he said.Like any wizened corporate honcho, Sukhbir had worked out his style of functioning. Finding himself cornered by the onslaught of anti-incumbency and rebellion within the party and home, he teamed up with his father - while the Akali patriarch played the role of a statesman, using his guile to keep the rocking boat stable, Sukhbir was the \"doer\", pushing the party hard to the finish. The Senior Badal was the thinker, the young was the one who executed. The deadly combination ultimately proved too lethal for the Congress.\"Sukhbir stopped paying regards to the elder politicians in the party and at times, they were the ones who had to pay their respects - some even bowing their heads before the party president. Many would be made to wait outside for hours and then summarily dismissed, when they came to meet him,\" recalls an old-timer in the party.It helped that the year 2007 elections had claimed many senior party politicians who could have challenged the growing clout of Sukhbir, and those who won, made their peace with the aggressive man-in-charge for the sake of their own progeny and their respective political careers. Then, there were rumours of police and vigilance bureau being 'used' to settle political scores while rebellious (read, ambitious) young leaders, like a Mohali based youth Akali leader, were \"personally handled\", to force them into submission or withdrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168857", "title": "Life term for man who killed shopkeeper over cigarette", "text": "CHENNAI: Angry at a shopkeeper who refused to sell him a cigarette two years ago, 25-year-old Panneer Selvam killed the man. He is now paying the price for his temper, with S Rajagopalan, fourth additional sessions judge, awarding him a life sentence and a fine of Rs 5000 on Tuesday.The case relates to the murder of Manickavel, 35, who owned a provision store in Kolathur. He was also involved in real estate business. On October 6, 2010, he was found dead with stab injuries on his head, neck and stomach. A complaint was filed at Kolathur police station by Manickavel's wife .Additional city public prosecutor M Prabavati said as there were no eyewitnesses to the crime, the prosecution had relied on circumstantial evidence to prove the case. Primary evidence indicated that Panneer Selvam was the last person to be seen at the shop just before the crime occurred at 10.30pm.Initially, investigators felt the crime might have come about as a result of real estate business rivalry. But police later zeroed in on a call made by Anitha, Panneer Selvam's wife. She made a call at 10.16pm to her brother complaining about her husband, who had threatned to kill her with a knife.After she left, Panneer Selvam went to the store at around 10.30 pm and asked for a cigarette. When Manickavel refused, Panneer Selvam got angry. Both men got into a heated argument which ended in Panneer Selvam stabbing Manickavel several times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168526", "title": "No rape case against school teacher", "text": "BANGALORE: The case against a 68-year-old part-time school teacher for allegedly raping his 12-year-old girl student has fallen through with medical tests ruling out rape and confirming only molestation.Mathematics teacher Krishnamurthy, who worked in a school run by the Karnataka Nair Service Society, was accused of raping the 12-year-old student from Doorvaninagar. Acting on a complaint from the girl's mother, Krishnamurthy had been taken into custody. Students and relatives of the victim came to the school in large numbers on February 14, had an argument with the management on the issue and thrown stones at the building. Police rushed to the school and took the teacher into custody and booked him under Section 376 (rape) of IPC.Police had argued it was difficult to dismiss the case so easily. Based on medical reports, police now claim they will modify the charge and invoke Section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty or molestation) against the accused while chargesheeting him.A school management spokesperson claimed the incident had been blown out of proportion by local politicians. \"Our school caters to the poorer sections of society and there are some schools in the area which are exploiting parents. They wanted to disgrace our school and its management. Our school has women teachers and he's the only male. Krishnamurthy was reappointed on a temporary basis after superannuation as he had an unblemished career in our school,\" said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12168810", "title": "Committee appointed to probe death of infants", "text": "GUNTUR: Three months after the death of two infants allegedly due to administering of polio drops at Mallepalli thanda in Vinukonda constituency in Guntur district, the state government has ordered a detailed probe into the episode.The government has named a fact-finding committee comprising of senior professors from Guntur Medical College. But this has not brought any consolation to the grieving parents and locals who blame the medical and health officials for the death of the kids. Keeping in view the seriousness of the incident, the centre asked the state government to probe the matter as the deaths were being attributed to the polio vaccination.The district collector deputed senior officials including the district medical and health officer to conduct an enquiry into the tragedy and submit a report.On December 29 last year, an ANM administered the polio drops to three days old twins of Rupla Naik and Bulli Bai. Within one hour of the vaccination the infants turned blue. The parents to ran to the ANM who advised them to rush the kids to the government area hospital at Vinukonda. The doctors at the government hospital declared the infants brought dead. Shocked at the death of both kids, the parents and the locals staged protests in front of the government hospital seeking action against the culprits.Sources said that DM&HO; M Gopi Naik submitted a report to the government two days ago in which he is reported to have claimed that the kids of Mannepalli thanda had died of pneumonia. He claimed that the parents of the kids administered caster oil into the ears of the infants soon after vaccination resulting in serious breathing complications. Blaming the parents for the death of the kids, the DM&HO; stated that neither the ANM or polio drops were at fault. He said that since the kids were born underweight (just 1.5 kg and 1.75 kg each), that could also be a reason for their death.The state government has decided to appoint another probe team into the issue as it is said to be mandatory as per the central rules to cross-check the preliminary report submitted by the DM&HO; into polio vaccination related deaths and deaths of tribal children. The family welfare commissioner Praveen Prakash named a panel consisting of pediatrics chief at GGH P Yashoda, microbiology chief K Kamala and chief of social and preventive medicine Jagannatha Rao to file another probe report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170141", "title": "Authorities to begin laying drainage pipelines next month", "text": "VARANASI: The work of laying drainage pipelines is set to start next month in the city. But the locals are a worried lot because old sewer lines connected to the main sewerline often get choked, and when authorities would start laying drainage pipelines, the problems might compound for the locals.Ganga Pollution Control Unit general manager Ramesh Singh said, \"Work for laying sewer and drainage pipelines would begin simultaneously in cis- and trans-Varuna areas.\" While trans-Varuna areas would mainly witness laying of sewerlines under the JNNURM project, drainage pipelines will be laid in cis-Varuna areas. The ongoing work could openly cause temporary disruptions, but they are going to be beneficial in the long run, he added on the occasion.However, a look at the appalling state of sewerlines that were found choked in Mahmoorganj, Sigra, Chetganj and Lahurabir areas was telling a different story. Most of them were found to be bearing the brunt of digging work that had blocked and choked the old sewerlines.At many places in these areas, sewerlines were found protruding onto the streets. \"Last year, the laying of trunk line was completed in Sigra, but we got little respite as now authorities would now start laying drainage pipeline,\" said Rajendra Tiwari, a resident of Shivpurwa locality.As per reports from GPCU office, apart from Sigra-Lahurabir route, Pandeypur-Khajuri and other areas in the city will witness laying of drainage pipelines in the next month. Similarly, the laying of around 142-kilometre stretch of sewer pipelines (diameter varying from 1500 mm to 2400 mm) under the ambitious trans-Varuna sewerage project is likely to get momentum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169661", "title": "Students flaunt their needle magic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A unique exhibition, Design Aura 2012, was organized by the fashion designing department of Dev Samaj College for Women, Sector 45 on Tuesday.Several creations of the students were put on display which included like Chamba embroideries, Phulkari, Kasuti, Kantha and other traditional embroideries. Students Aasma Parveen of BA-III, Anu of BBA-I, Niharika and Preeti of BA-III and many others worked hard under the guidance of their teachers to make this exhibition a grand success. In an all-students initiative, several traditional suits, Punjabi juttis, hand made jute bags, western wear were other star attractions of the exhibition.Principal of the college, Meera Modi congratulated the staff and appreciated the students for their hardwork.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12166596", "title": "It's UP side down", "text": "It`s rare for the foibles of the Centre to impinge on assembly polls which are usually fought on state-specific issues and local concerns. But after its debacle in the just-concluded elections, the Cong-ress can no longer pretend that a year of scams and non-performance by the Manmohan Singh government in New Delhi has had no effect on its fortunes in the states.Of the five states that went to polls, it has managed to shine only in tiny Manipur, which has followed traditional voting patterns of the vulnerable northeast states by opting for the party that holds power in New Delhi. It has lost Goa, failed to capitalise on anti-incumbency sentiments in Punjab and Uttarakhand and, most importantly, ended up a poor fourth in Uttar Pradesh despite intensive, personalised campaigns by both the Gandhi scions, Rahul across UP and Priyanka in the family pocket boroughs of Amethi, Rae Bareli and Sultanpur.There is little doubt that the results reflect a national mood that has been building up over the past one year, helped along by the anti-corruption campaigns of Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev to crystallise into a high degree of frustration with the current dispensation. But if they are a setback for the Congress as the countdown for the next Lok Sabha elections begins, Rahul Gandhi has even more reason to worry.The takeaway for him from the party`s disastrous performance in UP is that he can no longer persist with his disingenuous stunt of insulating himself and his politics from the disarray at the Centre and spin an illusion of being an outsider in the parent superstructure. In the minds of the voters, there is little distinction and if Brand Manmohan Singh looks tarnished, Brand Rahul too has suffered.The carefully cultivated image of an angry young man railing at the money-eating elephant looked hollow when juxtaposed against the 2G and CWG scandals swirling around the Congress government at the Centre. His barbs about UP`s poor development record fell flat on the pot-holed roads of Amethi and Rae Bareli which wear a distinct look of neglect today despite being constituencies of the country`s First Family. The goodies that he got the Centre to shower on election-eve on the poverty-stricken farmers of Bundelkhand, the weavers of eastern UP and the OBC Muslims were too little, too late. The beneficiaries did not buy promises from someone whose party had ample opportunity to alleviate their misery, having held the reins of power in New Delhi for the past eight years.Contrast this with the positive note struck by the Samajwadi Party`s rising young star, Akhilesh Yadav , to whom must go the lion`s share of the credit for the party`s remarkable turnaround. Akhilesh talked of the future with the promise of change. Because he did not carry the burden of an unpopular incumbent government, his forward-looking campaign had tremendous resonance among new voters with rising aspirations. His open face and cool manner stood out in sharp relief to Rahul`s dour, bearded look.In the weeks ahead, Rahul will surely introspect and analyse the reasons for his failure to connect with UP voters after so much investment of time and money. While it may be a trifle unfair to blame the party`s poor showing on him alone, he will have to accept that his biggest failing has been his inability to resurrect the Congress party`s defunct organisational machinery in the state.Brand Akhilesh rode on the back of a solid grassroots network created and nurtured by father Mulayam Singh . Brand Rahul flew solo. In fact, the young Gandhi turned his back on whatever little organisation the Congress had left, expecting his family name would serve as a magic wand. He may have generated some personal goodwill but hard-headed voters were looking for local names and faces with 24x7 accessibility.It is always hasty to write off a party or a leader. The history of Indian politics is replete with stories of comeback kings and queens: Indira Gandhi in 1980 after the 1977 debacle, Mamata Banerjee in 2011 after being nearly wiped out in West Bengal five years before that and many more.In any case, the winnability of a party in an election is often determined by the mistakes of its opponents. The BJP`s negative campaign and the pathetic challenge from a motley bunch of parties masquerading as a Third Front certainly helped the Congress to win a second successive term under Manmohan Singh in 2009.If at all the Congress can reclaim some of the ground it has lost because of a comatose government at the Centre, it will have to start by putting governance back on track. Perhaps the best thing it can do is to let Manmohan Singh become a visible prime minister again while Rahul focusses on rebuilding the party organisation by infusing it with young blood. Both are formidable tasks with allies like the Trinamool Congress and the NCP already scouting around for new options, one of which is a nascent non-Congress, non-BJP front of regional satraps. Rahul and Manmohan Singh will have to come together on the same page for the Congress to tackle the challenges ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12172669", "title": "Mercedes-Benz integrates iPhone 4S, Siri into new models", "text": "LONDON: Mercedes-Benz will kick off its effort to regain lost ground in the luxury-car race with a sporty hatchback targeted at users of Apple Inc's iPhone.The Daimler AG brand, which dropped to third in high-end auto sales behind Volkswagen AG's Audi last year, is outfitting the overhauled A-Class with technology that pulls iPhone content into the car's display. The model, which debuted yesterday at the Geneva International Motor Show, will serve as the brand's new entry-level model in its bid to win over younger drivers.\"It will quickly become clear that the 'A' in A-Class stands for 'attack,'\" said Thomas Weber, Mercedes's development chief. The A-Class and four other small cars, including a planned coupe and SUV, will make a \"significant contribution\" to a goal of boosting sales 27% to at least 1.6 million vehicles by 2015, he said.Mercedes targets reclaiming the luxury-car crown it lost in 2005 to Bayerische Motoren Werke AG by introducing 10 new models by 2015, including five youth-oriented compacts and the CLS Shooting Brake, a wagon-like variant of the $71,300 four-door coupe. CEO Dieter Zetsche aims to reverse a slow-growth trend, which has seen BMW and Audi increase deliveries five times more than Mercedes over the past decade.The A-Class, which was originally introduced in 1997, has been transformed from a boxy van-like vehicle to a sporty compact that will compete directly with BMW's 1-Series and Audi's A3. Audi premiered the third generation of the A3 yesterday. An additional rival will come from Volvo Car Corp.'s new V40, which will be shown in Geneva today.Hot pot The compact car segment is \"one of the hottest pots of water you can dip your toes into, but it's a huge market\" in Europe, said Christoph Stuermer, a Frankfurt-based analyst with IHS Automotive. Mercedes plans to price the car, which hits showrooms in September, from about 20,000 euros ($26,400) before tax, which will probably make it the brand's cheapest model.The van-like B-Class, the first of Mercedes's new small cars, starts at 21,850 euros. Audi's A3, which costs less to build because it shares parts with VW models, will be priced from about 18,000 euros before tax, while the BMW 1-Series starts at 20,000 euros.The A3, which was the first high-end compact car when it was introduced in 1996, will probably maintain its lead in the segment. Deliveries of the Audi compact, which start this summer, are projected to surge 48% to 241,000 cars next year, beating the A-Class's sales of 180,000, according to IHS.Broader line Audi also plans to broaden the line with a sedan variant targeted at the U.S. and Asia as well as a plug-in hybrid version that will be introduced in 2014, sales chief Peter Schwarzenbauer said. Overall, the VW unit aims to sell 25 percent more of the new A3 compared with the previous version, which has delivery times that average four months even with the successor on the way, he said.\"I'm absolutely convinced about our all-new Audi A3 ,\" Chief Executive Officer Rupert Stadler said in a March 1 Bloomberg TV interview. \"It's a fantastic car, fully-loaded with technology, and I think our customers will really enjoy it.\"While Audi can draw on a 15-year history in the segment, Mercedes is effectively starting from scratch. Existing A-Class customers like Manfred Dobiasch probably won't stick with the model, because the low-slung design makes it less comfortable.Working harder \"I won't buy something flat again,\" said the 64-year-old retired printing press worker from Berlin, who bought a shiny black A-Class in 2005 after 40 years driving Golfs and other VW cars. \"The elevated seating position is decisive.\"That will force Mercedes dealers to work harder. Paul Ostendorf, managing director of a Mercedes dealer in Ahlen, Germany, plans to reach out to new customers by bringing the car to shopping centers and other areas with a lot of foot traffic. He expects the A-Class customers to be about 45 years old, around 15 years younger than drivers of the current model.\"Selling this car will be all about test drives and conquests,\" said Ostendorf. \"Just putting a Mercedes star isn't going to be enough. It's a very hard-fought market. It's going to be a price war.\"The Daimler unit is looking to draw in new buyers by offering technology drawn from the S-Class flagship sedan like a radar-based collision prevention system. The Stuttgart, Germany- based manufacturer also boasts the deepest iPhone integration of any carmaker. The technology reorders content on an iPhone into media, places, and social categories and allows the driver to access the device's features through the car's armrest controller or via voice commands.Younger drivers \"Mercedes has appeal for the older car buyer and technology is one of the ways of winning over younger drivers,\" said Jonathon Poskitt, an analyst with researcher LMC Automotive in Oxford. \"Mercedes has to be looking at the next generation of people with money to keep the business growing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170203", "title": "Denizens remain glued to TV sets", "text": "VARANASI: The comparatively empty roads of the city till early afternoon on Tuesday even when the Festival of Colours, Holi, was falling on Thursday indicated that the city was more interested in the results of the assembly elections. \"We were glued to the television screen and cancelled all our regular work for the first half of the day,\" said Ved Prakash, a resident of Pandeypur. The counting process began at various places in the morning and denizens kept pace with the process.While the elders and regular voters of the region were busy discussing the trends with family, friends and neighbours, the first time voters of the region were more interested in knowing wheter their candidate had won. Shalini Jain, a student of fine arts at a private college, said: \"Watching the electoral process is a very interesting thing to do. You realise that you are associated with it, especially when you have cast your franchise judicially.\"A huge crowd of people assembled at various pan shops and tea shops in the city were busy discussing the poll results instead of watching the final cricket match between Sri Lanka and Australia. \"Nobody was interested in the cricket match or any other programme on telivision. The Holi preparations were on break. Cross checking the datas on different TV channels and listening to views of the people and debating over them was the only thing that was active on Tuesday morning,\" said Richa Srivastava, a student of Banaras Hindu University (BHU). According to Reeta Singh, a housewife and a resident of Chowkaghat, all the household chores and preparations for Holi were sidelined and the entire family watched television to know the results.It is worth mentioning here during Holi every year, city roads are choked with traffic for the past one week. However, shops at Nai Sarak, Godowlia, Gurubagh, Luxa, Orderly Bazar and many such prominent markets of the city remained deserted on Tuesday. According to Sudhir, a vendor of Holi articles at a makeshift shop at Sigra crossing, there was not even a single customer present. The retail stores of clothes, shoes, sprinklers and necessary raw material shops of sweet delicacies needed for Holi wore a dull look as there were not many customers as compared to previous few days.\"It was not only Uttar Pradesh, but the future of as many as four other states of the country was to be decided, watching the fluctuating winning trends of different parties in Uttaranchal was like watching a 20-20 cricket match between two major political parties,\" said Vishal Mishra, an engineering aspirant and a resident of Jagatganj.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168151", "title": "Patna on a high in run-up to Holi", "text": "PATNA: The city is already on a high before the full moon gets the better of revellers on the day of Holi.Liquor sales have shot up by almost 50% and lounge bars are brimming over with guests. So here's raising a toast to the festival of colours as the city goes hic hic hooray! Amar Kumar, manager, Pind Balluchi's lunge and bar, said, \"The footfall of clients has almost doubled in the run-up to Holi. We are getting guests even in the afternoon.\"Chilled beer is in high demand, followed by rum, whisky and scotch. Since March 8 is a dry day, people are busy stocking up on their bottles.Naval Kishore Singh from the Foreign Liquor Retailors' Association (FLRA) said, \"Sales of liquor has doubled. If we sold liquor worth Rs 50,000 a day, now that figure has touched Rs 1 lakh.It will go up further as Holi nears.\" There are a total of 87 liquor shops in Patna. The Bihar State Beverage Corporation Limited (BSBCL), the agency authorized to sell liquor in the state, has enough stock in its depots. S N Srivastava of BSBCL said, \"During Holi we record the highest sale of liquor.We have enough stock to meet this demand.\"The original intoxicant of the festival of colours, bhang, has been reinvented. Shops are now selling chocolates, cakes, biscuits and other sweet items containing bhang. Ashok Mankani of a confectionary shop said, \"We are selling chocolates of bhang for Rs 1,000 per kg.\"A senior officer in the excise department cautioned though that the sale of bhang in illegal according to the narcotics laws.\"It is not difficult to get bhang balls. During Holi, they are available at every corner shop,\" said a seller. Finally, if you want to let your hair down with bhang, head for the milk-shake selling makeshift stalls. \"We sale milkshakes throughout the year but during Holi we provide milk-shakes with mild doses of bhang. You get a nice hangover,\" said a vendor at Patna Junction.\"The city police will conduct an inquiry if it gets specific reports about bhang being sold,\" said city SP Kim. She, however, said punishment for selling bhang is conditional and depends on the amount of narcotics found in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172278", "title": "Cayley Aerospace Inc CEO European Engineer Bishnujee Singh named a top minority in science", "text": "Cayley Aerospace Inc CEO Bishnujee Singh is recipient of Black Engineer of the Year's Science Spectrum Trail Blazer Award 2012 by Council of Engineering Deans, Lockheed Martin Corporation and Career Communication Group at BEYA STEM Conference on February 16,2012 at Philadelphia, USA.The Trailblazers are outstanding Hispanic, Asian American, Native American, and Black professionals in the science arena whose leadership and innovative thinking on the job and in the community extend throughout and beyond their industry.The chosen Science Spectrum Trailblazer winners have all made a significant, quantifiable, personal impact on the industry and their communities. Many maintain a powerful position of influence regarding public policy for minorities in science. Trailblazers are men and women who are demonstrating outstanding performance that will shape the future course of science and technology. Trailblazers are science leaders whose stories of phenomenal success merit national recognition.Mr. Singh has numerous achievements and Honors till date from across the continents. Mr.Singh heads the Cayley Aerospace Inc in Lynnwood, Washington with subsidiary branches Cayley Engineering UK Limited in UK, Cayley Aerospace-China, Cayley Engineering Egypt Limited in Cairo, Egypt. Mr.Singh was born in Kolkata and has been Master of Science in Advanced Engineering from Sheffield Hallam in United Kingdom. Mr.Singh has been also Aeronautical Engineering Graduate from The Aeronautical Society of India.Mr. Singh has been awarded with Modern Day Technology Leader Award in 2011 at BEYA meeting in Washington DC,USA. Mr.Singh has been also honored with Legacy Award on June 2011 at Florida, USA by MIRS, WOC, and BEYA Alumni Reunion meet.Cayley Aerospace Inc is Chartered Engineer Corporation in Pacific Northwest in Seattle and has been Accredited Aircraft Engineering and Certification Corporation. It's the first Chartered Engineering Corporation with team licensed with Engineering Council-UK and Chartered Professional Engineer team licensed with Engineers Australia. Cayley Aerospace Inc is accredited for Aircraft Appraisals and Valuation services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170694", "title": "Poor show in UP has BJP smarting", "text": "NEW DELHI: The assembly poll results are the first indicators of BJP's standing in its venture independent of the Vajpayee-Advani shadow and it proved to be an ego-booster both for the main opposition and its chief Nitin Gadkari.While the showing looks good for BJP in comparison to rival Congress, with the party set to form governments in Goa, in Punjab as an ally of SAD and in all likelihood in Uttarakhand, the crucial state of UP remained elusive as it managed to bag only 48 out of 403 seats.BJP leaders had insisted that the UP results would be a big surprise, especially in the backdrop of media assessment as an underdog in the country's most populous state. The surprise factor remains, but it was more for BJP leaders who had internally assessed 80-100 seats in their kitty.The internal flak will be focused on the UP failure, where BJP looked like making a comeback of sorts but finally finished below its own 2007 tally. Senior party leaders in the state, including UP BJP chief Surya Pratap Shahi, lost and the questions being raised internally is: What made the party aim for the third slot in a state that it has once ruled and why there was no face to lead the campaign?Soon after the trends became clear, responded to the criticism of BJP's refusal to project a CM candidate, saying, \"The leadership issue does not matter in BJP. It is collective decision making and organizational strength is where the party's strength lies... we have many leaders in UP.\" But, in a season where expectation was not very high for the party, forming government even in two states - Goa and Punjab - has given a fillip to Gadkari's stature.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168351", "title": "Extend industrial corridor: government", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka wants the proposed Chennai-Bangalore industrial corridor extended till Belgaum or Mangalore. In a letter to Union road transport and highways minister CP Joshi on Tuesday, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda urged him to consider his plea to extend the corridor to Belgaum or to Mangalore to boost industrial development in the state.At a recent meeting in New Delhi chaired by TK Nair, adviser to the Prime Minister, the state government learnt that the Union ministry was keen on developing it on the lines of Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor.\"It will not be of much use if the corridor is restricted to Bangalore,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12170061", "title": "Alumni loosen purse strings for IIT-M", "text": "CHENNAI: Former students of Indian Institute of Technology-Madras are giving back to their alma mater more than ever before. Alumni donations have tripled to 10 crore in 2011 from 3.23 crore in 2010.Infosys executive co-chairman and 1979 MTech graduate Kris Gopalakrishnan contributed 4 crore towards the Prof M S Ananth Endowment Fund and the Thin Films Labs, while Patni Computer Systems CEO and MD and 1985 BTech graduate Phaneesh Moorthy contributed 1 crore to the alumni endowment fund.It has helped that alumni have been nudged to open their purse strings by projects tailor-made to suit their areas of interest.\"Instead of waiting for funds to come our way, a team of alumni and faculty members came up with strategies to suit interests of potential donors,\" says IIT-M director Bhaskar Ramamurthi. The institute formed a charitable trust in 2009, launched the Golden Jubilee Alumni Fund and found areas that alumni were interested in and keen to help.In a departure from the earlier trend where more funds poured in from alumni in the United States than from those in India, around 75% of the donations in 2011 came within the country.Advisor for alumni affairs professor R Nagarajan said that in previous years donations from alumni in the US formed a substantial part of the funding.\"Earlier most of the donations were from the US. In the last year there have been more donors from India. This could also have something to do with the economic downturn hurting the US more than India.\"The institute started raising funds in a sustained manner from 2000. Before that, donations were \"mostly accidental\", says Ramamurthi. Former student Gururaj Deshpande's contribution of $500,000 and the 1981 batch's silver reunion gift to the institute gave alumni funding a fillip.\"The funding pattern went from opportunistic between 2001 and 2005, to heroic from 2006 to 2008 to strategic in 2010 and 2011,\" Professor Nagarajan said. Donations spiked to Rs 7 crore in 2007, before dipping to Rs 57 lakh in 2009 due to the global economic meltdown.Some projects that alumni havecontributedtoincludethe Centre for Innovation by the 1981batch, SharavatiHostelby Desh Deshpande, the Thin Films Lab and other research infrastructurein physicsfunded by Kris Gopalakrishnan.This year alumni in Canada have got into the act, contributing around $1 million for 2012 while $500,000 has come in from the US so far. The institute is hopeful of receiving between 20 crore and 25 crore from the US this year and expects donations to touch 100 crore soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12168045", "title": "Woman found dead in city lodge", "text": "INDORE: A 40-year-old woman was found dead in a lodge in Chhotigwaltoli area of the city on Monday night. Her Lucknow-based companion, who accompanied her to the lodge, is reportedly missing.Police said that the deceased has been identified as Hemlata and reportedly checked in two days ago in the lodge with one Snehil Mishra, claiming to be a Lucknow-based journalist and son of Jaatprakash Mishra.According to police, Snehil and Hemlata introduced themselves to the manager of Meghna lodge as siblings. Snehil wrote the woman's name as Mamta in the lodge register.Quoting Snehil, the lodge manager told the police that he claimed to be a Lucknow-based journalist and came to the city for the treatment of his sister. The lodge manager informed that Snehil had stayed in the lodge earlier too.Chhotigwaltoli inspector Anil Singh Rathore said that Snehil reportedly left the lodge on Monday morning when the woman was found dead in the room. However, it is yet be ascertained whether the woman was murdered. Police are waiting for post-mortem report.Rathore suspected that the woman was involved in flesh trade. He said that she was living with a person identified as Iqbal, a resident of Krishnabag Colony. However, it wasn't clear whether Iqbal was her husband. Quoting Iqbal, Rathore said that the woman was suffering from several diseases.Police said Snehil might have left the lodge out of fear. The police managed to collect Mishra's mobile number, which is reportedly switched off. A police team has been sent to UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12168583", "title": "Peace in sight, lawyers may return to courts", "text": "BANGALORE: The five-day advocates-media standoff is set to end with the BJP government claiming it has held successful talks with both aggrieved parties to arrive at a compromise solution.The government on Tuesday said both lawyers and the mediapersons have accepted the peace formula, but the Advocates' Association of Bangalore office-bearers were not available for confirmation.Law and parliamentary affairs Suresh Kumar S said lawyers have agreed to return to courts on Wednesday. Though the AAB's official call is awaited, several senior counsel and advocates expressed their desire to return to work on the morrow.It's a three-pronged peace formula: besides the judicial inquiry already announced, DGP (CID) R K Dutta will probe the City Civil Court complex violence; government will consult the judiciary to decide on shifting CBI and special Lokayukta courts out of the City Civil Court complex; to avoid Friday-like faceoff, the government and judiciary will designate a place for the media to cover court cases.This was announced by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who held five-hour-long talks with mediapersons and advocates. Ministers R Ashoka , Suresh Kumar, advocate-general SR Vijayashankar, former advocates-generals B V Acharya, Ashok Harnahalli, Uday G Holla and office-bearers of various advocates associations and media representatives took part in the talks.The CBI and Lokayukta courts are likely to be shifted to Parappana Agrahara Central Prison complex.The media representatives urged the CM to arrest those responsible for the Friday attack. \"The media is not against advocates. Only a handful of lawyers are causing problems. The government must ensure reporters can cover the proceedings peacefully as earlier,\" the media representatives said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "even before the poll results came pouring in, assembly elections in five states showed one clear winner", "code": "12166474", "title": "'An all-time high voter turnout reinforced faith in democracy'", "text": "Even before the poll results came pouring in, assembly elections in five states showed one clear winner: the Election Commission (EC). For once, there was consensus amongst political parties about the EC`s role in conducting peaceful elections with record high voter turnouts. Chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi, now about four months away from retirement, called this a 'participation revolution' spearheaded by the EC. Speaking with Rakhi Chakrabarty , he discussed the nitty-gritty of ensuring clean elections - and mentioned how unchecked elections can themselves become a source of corruption:Assembly polls in five states are now over - what was your experience in conducting these?These elections involved about 20% voters of the country. They went off peacefully. Our meticulous planning and efficient execution paid dividends. The people`s participation was spectacular. An all-time high voter turnout in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab and Goa was the high point. It reinforced the faith of the electorate in democracy. It showed that if you talk to people directly, they respond.Two new divisions in the EC for voters` education and expenditure monitoring paid dividends. Innovative ways to reach out to voters boosted peoples` participation. Also, we had significant control over money spent for polls. Firm measures were taken to control the use of money power. Flying squads and surveillance teams were deployed to catch the movement of unaccounted cash. The investigation directorate of the Income Tax department carefully watched movements of cash. We asked Air Intelligence Units to keep a close watch on cash movements in aircrafts and helicopters - about Rs 52 crore in cash was seized in the five states.Do you think the election expenditure limit needs to be changed now?Following the EC`s recommendation, the law ministry raised the election expenditure limit of parliamentary and assembly constituencies. The limit for assembly constituencies in large states has been raised from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 16 lakh.But it`s interesting that when candidates file their returns, they show they spent only about 50% of the prescribed limit - for instance, if the limit is Rs 16 lakh, candidates show they spent only Rs 8 lakh. Elections are the biggest source of corruption in the country. If a candidate spends Rs 10 crore to win, the first thing he will do after getting elected is to find ways to recover expenses. He will give out-of-turn favours to those who funded his elections - a debate involving political parties to rationalise the expenditure limit is required.Alongside, should the model code of conduct during elections be made statutory?That`s totally uncalled for. We don`t want any more power. The model code of conduct is working fine. Haven`t we demonstrated its efficacy by conducting a peaceful election? There were no hate speeches, no personal attacks due to the model code of conduct. Though it has only moral authority, it is efficient - but it could do with some fine-tuning. The Representation of the People Act could be up-dated to make penalties for model code violation more stringent.Also, given law minister Salman Khurshid`s comments during the UP poll campaign, are relations between both of you somewhat strained?We have known each other personally for years. The EC also issued thousands of notices for violations of the model code of conduct. It`s not that we singled out any one persona\u00a6the EC is not a one-member institution. It`s a three-member panel. In all such cases, without exception, we took unanimous decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168190", "title": "File reply on mental hosp vacancies: High court to state", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court's Nagpur bench on Tuesday asked the state government to file a reply on the vacant posts of psychiatrists at the city's Government Mental Hospital.The court's directives came while hearing a PIL filed by lawyer Raghvendra Joshi who prayed for directions to the government to take care of mentally challenged children wandering in city. Joshi contended that the fundamental rights of life and equality under the Constitution should be extended to such mentally-challenged children who were incapable of taking care of themselves.Pointing out the provisions under the Mental Health Act 1987, he said that the police were empowered to take such children into protection and produce them before the nearest judicial magistrate, who will then examine them and give further directions for their detention at psychiatric hospitals or psychiatric nursing homes.During the last hearing, the court asked government and police department to explore the possibility of roping in Charlie commandos to locate mentally retarded children wandering on streets and admit them at rehabilitation homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kamareddy", "code": "12168835", "title": "Gulf returnees set to tilt the scales in Kamareddy bypoll", "text": "KAMAREDDY: The vote of Gulf returnees could be a crucial factor in deciding the winning prospects of candidates in the Kamareddy bypolls. Besides Telangana sentiment, the woes of Gulf returnees are a major issue in this backward segment from where thousands of unemployed youth had migrated to Middle East countries in search of employment.From the four mandals of Kamareddy, Machareddy, Domakonda and Bikhnoor that form part of the constituency, there are over 20,000 Gulf returnees. Srihari Goud of Devunipalli said there are more than 10,000 returnees from Machareddy mandal alone. Before 2004 drought, about 200 farmers committed suicide in Machareddy mandal and locals began migrating to Dubai due to lack of employment opportunities.Political observers said that a majority of the returnees were unhappy with the ruling Congress as the latter had failed to protect their interests.They contend that when Kerala could announce a special package of Rs 500 crore for its returnees, what has stopped the AP government from doling out a relief package for them.Stating that Gulf returnees had taken an active part in the agitations for separate Telangana state, a Gulf victim A Narsimhulu bemoaned that Congress washed its hands off them by merely conducting job melas. \"Though we had raised the issue a number of times in the assembly, the government did not announce any package for the Gulf returnees,\" TRS youth wing leader Sujit Singh Taquor told TOI.Congress candidate Yedla Raji Reddy, who is former District Central Cooperative Bank chairman, is facing a formidable challenge from within the party as the cadres had hoped that the high command would choose Loyapalli Narsinga Rao over Raji Reddy. Gampa Goverdhan, who resigned from TDP and joined TRS, is the TRS candidate and sitting pretty.Nittu Venugyopal Rao, a former municipal corporator, is TDP candidate. While TDP is striving hard to retain its seat, Goverdhan is trying to better his 47,470-vote majority he got in 2009 general election.In Kamareddy, Machareddy, Domakonda and Bikhnoor there are over 20,000 Gulf returnees. Political observers said that majority of the returnees were unhappy with the ruling Congress as they had failed to protect their interests", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168414", "title": "CTET: 94% teachers flunk", "text": "NAGPUR: The next time teachers reprimand students about low marks or even failure, they would do better to give a second look at the results of the latest Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET).Across the country, 94% teachers flunked the second edition of the CTET held on January 29. The maiden CTET held last year saw 86% teachers failing and now the number has jumped by 10%.This year, 10.58 lakh teachers had registered for the exam but only 9 lakh appeared.A CBSE official said that only 55,422 teachers managed to score the minimum 60% required to pass the exam. The CTET was started by the government last year to ensure that the quality of teachers across the country is standardized.Reena Dargan, principal of Ira International School said, \"My school was a centre for the CTET and one thing in teachers' defence is that they had solved 180 questions in 90 minutes which is tough. But the 1,400 candidates who came to my centre were really not up to the mark either.The Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET), which was started last year by the government, is mandatory for any teacher who wants to join a government-aided CBSE school and it is expected that in the future the same rule might apply to private schools as well. Even though this is just the second edition, the CTET has received good response from teachers with almost 30% increase in number of teachers appearing for the exam. In Nagpur, the response was tremendous with the number of teachers registering for exam rising 10 times.An official document from the government regarding the CTET says the \"implementation of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009 requires the recruitment of a large number of teachers across the country in a time-bound manner. So it is necessary to ensure that teachers possess the essential aptitude and ability to meet the challenges of teaching at the primary and upper primary level\".Reena Dargan, principal of Ira International School said, At our school, candidates were not thorough with the exam rules and wasted 15 minutes just reading it. Others were just not serious about the paper as if they had nothing to lose.\"Kana Roy Chaudhari, principal of Centre Point School (Katol Road), said, \"It is shocking to hear the numbers. I have not seen the question paper hence won't be able to comment on its difficulty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167733", "title": "Man arrested with firearm at chief minister\u2019s residence", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police on Tuesday arrested a man before he could enter the CM house with a country-made gun and a live cartridge. The police have seized the weapon. The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.Shyamla Hills police station SHO Abhay Singh Choudhry said, \"Suresh Ahirwar, 30, a resident of Panna district, was arrested from outside the CM house.On finding his movements suspicious, a police team tried to question him. He, however, took out a country-made gun before the police could ask him anything. He was immediately taken into custody and booked under the Arms Act,\" he added.During interrogation, the accused said he had come to the chief minister's house to narrate his plight. He reportedly told the police a man had grabbed his land in Panna three years ago. No action has been initiated against him despite repeated requests.He had come to Bhopal to meet the chief minister to highlight the problems in the public hearing held every Tuesday by Shivraj Singh , Ahirwar told the police.He reportedly told the police he would have used the country-made gun against the man who grabbed his land if his meeting with the chief minister had not yielded any result.The police have also recovered a bag from him, which contained some documents and clothes. He would be taken on a police remand to ascertain the real motive for his bid to enter the CM house with a firearm.Ahirwar's version to the police would also be crosschecked, the police said, stressing that that it was not a security breach as he was not able to enter inside the CM house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169033", "title": "Old City all set to welcome the day of colours", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city is all set to be drenched in colours on Thursday and preparations for are Holi going on in full swing. From colours and pichkaris to sweets and bhaang, all the elements required to invoke the true spirit of the festival are available in the markets. This year, city folks seem to have become more aware about the environment as an increasing number of people are opting for eco-friendly or natural colours.The markets of the Old City are buzzing with activity with carts selling packets of gulaal and pakka rang. Vendors selling the 'holi ka haar' sweet, a holi speciality, are doing brisk business and people from across the city are seen thronging shops selling regular holi items like colours, pichkaris, water balloons and coloured snow spray cans on Tuesday.Speaking about the increased awareness among the people about using natural colours, Abhinav Gangumalla, CEO, Hyderabad Goes Green said, \"The demand for these natural colours has shot up by almost 60% this time. Last time we had sold a stock of one ton, this time we have two tons and it is highly likely that we will exhaust the stock soon.\" Other stores in the city selling natural colours also witnessed a rise in the sales this year.Bhaang is selling like hot cakes in the narrow lanes of the Old City markets. One such dealer revealed, \"We sell it only during this time and people come from all over the city to purchase it. Prices start at Rs 40 for a small packet and increase along with the quantity. One kg packets are also available.\" Another seller said, \"I sell it only on the day of the festival. Usually I keep a stock of 200 packets which gets over fast.\" Police revealed that dealers have been asked to refrain from selling such substances. However no strict patrols or raids have been planned. Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP, South Zone said, \"It is sold mostly on the morning of holi. We are confident that after the message was sent to them, such practices will be stopped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169196", "title": "Third Metro suicide in four days in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man in his early twenties died after he jumped in front of a moving Metro train at the Mayur Vihar Extension station on Tuesday.This is the third suicide in four days on a Metro track and the fifth this year. The other two were reported from Chandni Chowk and Uttam Nagar stations. The incident has sent alarm bells ringing in DMRC and authorities are scrambling to find ways to curb the tragic phenomenon at Metro stations.\"A Dwarka-bound train was entering the station when a man threw himself in front of the engine. The driver slammed on the emergency brakes, but could not save the man. He had suffered fatal head injuries. The autopsy report will state the cause of death,\" said B S Gujjar, additional DCP (Railways). The man's identity is yet to be established.\"The incident occurred at 11:44 am. The man was swiftly extricated and rushed to a hospital on an ambulance,\" a DMRC official said. Metro drivers have applied brakes at least 125 times to stop commuters from coming under the wheels since Metro services began in the capital.\"The city centre at west Delhi was once a suicide point. Now, Metro stations have become a favourite haunt of those wanting to end their lives,'' said a senior railway police officer. Police are now discussing the issue with DMRC.Authorities are also in touch with officials of Kolkata Metro that has witnessed 224 suicide attempts since inception. Over 124 people have died so far. And within 120 days of operations, a teen committed suicide on the Bangalore Metro recently.Solutions are many, but entail huge investments. If the Railway Board gives the nod, Kolkata Metro Rail will install a system to stop suicides. It has begun a pilot project to install fibre walls on platforms. The walls retract just before Metro doors open, leaving no room for suicide.The project's feasibility has been tested at three stations with maximum footfall and the operational cost hovers around Rs 12 crore per station. Earlier, a software that allowed CCTV cameras to track passengers moving suspiciously on platforms was activated. \"Those who commit suicide spend much time on the platform before jumping in front of a train. By tracking such individuals we can avert suicides,\" said a senior Metro official.This system is in place at the underground railway networks at New York, London and Singapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168245", "title": "City NCP leaders want Patil to quit", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost all the major office-bearers of city Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) are now after the blood of party president Ajay Patil for the humiliating defeat in the just concluded Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections.Former city party president Dilip Pankule, secretary Anil Ahirker, former corporator Vedprakash Arya and others held a press conference and blamed Patil and his mentor Girish Gandhi for the mess in the civic polls.They alleged that Patil did not bother to consult other office-bearers for selecting candidates that led to the defeat of most of them. Besides, sitting corporators like Arya and Rajesh Mate were forced to contest the election as friendly fight with Congress candidates that led them to face defeat. Under Patil's leadership, the party has shrunken instead of growing, alleged Pankule.Citing several examples, Pankule said NCP had fought the civic polls for the first time in 2002 and fielded candidates from 113 wards of which 12 got elected. In 2007 election, nine corporators got elected. But in 2012, the party faced a humiliating defeat as only six got elected from the 29 seats it contested, he added.Arya alleged that during this civic poll, Patil misled senior state party leaders, including deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, and reportedly arranged their public meetings only for his wife Pragati who contested from Civil Lines ward. Of the six corporators, at least four, including Prakash Gajbhiye and Qamil Ansari, got elected on their own, he said, adding that \"the party had no contribution to their victory\".Describing Gandhi as 'BJP agent', Pankule cited examples when he was seen with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari.Pankule described Girish Gandhi as \"BJP agent\" and cited several examples where he was seen accompanying BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and other saffron party leaders.Patil, Gandhi and Kishor Kanhere should take the moral responsibility of NCP's debacle and resign on their own. \"Or the party should expel them,\" demanded Pankule.Later in the evening, Patil hurriedly convened a press conference and refuted the allegations levelled against him. According to Patil, the party's popularity among voters in Nagpur had increased. \"In 2007, as many as 91,000 votes were polled in favour of NCP. The number of votes increased manifold in 2012 polls with party getting 1.03 lakh votes.\" He also demanded the state party president to conduct an audit of Arya and Pankule to assess their performance.NCP corporator Pragati Patil blamed Pankule for extracting money to the tune of lakhs of rupees from the state NCP leaders on the pretext of heart operation. Patil claimed that she had the proof to back her claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168036", "title": "Humour and repartee mark end of Holi fest", "text": "NAGPUR: A bit of satire, lots of humour and loud laughs from the audience provided a fitting finale to the five-day Holi Mahotsav organized by SCZCC which concluded on Tuesday with a hasya kavi sammelan. The event was held at the open air theatre, Muktangan, which provided a befitting setting to the programme.The six participating poets were from Nagpur and surrounding areas, but their writings touched topics which extended from the earth to Yam lok. Conducted by well known poet Neeraj Vyas, the event evoked laughter, created the right degree of pathos and could connect with the audience.The kavi sammelan was a mix of Hindi and Marathi and had poets reciting in both the languages. There were stand up acts with the poets taking digs at peers on stage, making it more interactive. Though wives, lovers and state of nation remained the favourite topics, they could strike a chord when mixed with more contemporary issues.Gautam Ghodge from Chadur Bazaar impressed with his voice as he recited Warhadi kavita. His play with lotus and the hand, both symbols of two leading political parties, was topical and appropriately used in his writing. Though a favourite target of all his fellow poets on the stage, Ghodge took digs at the Valentine's Day celebrations and the rush for English medium education, which he felt would one day lead the Maharashtrians to go to US to learn Marathi.Lawyer Radheyshyam Mahendra used his profession to weave some good humour like \"Jab ek mitra ne poochha kaisi chal rahi hai waqalat, hum ne kaha abhi to ghar se hi fursat nahi milti,\" had the audience in splits. His comparison of his lover with fruits and vegetables and the ultimate description of her as a salad bowl also drew guffaws from those present.But the favourite this evening turned out to be Raja Dharmadhikari from Paratwada whose dilemma of 'sanga konchya rangat khelu Holi', as each colour had been identified with some political party or religion, was like holding a mirror to the society.The other poets who also recited were Dr Sagar Khadiwala and Shankar Bade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12169187", "title": "The big winners: Pratapsingh Rane wins for the 10th time", "text": "PANAJI: Former chief minister and Congress candidate from Poriem constituency, Pratapsingh Rane, once again silenced his critics who predicted that he will lose to first time BJP candidate Vishwajit Krishnarao Rane. On Tuesday, he created history by being the first politician from Goa to win the assembly elections for the tenth consecutive term.He polled 13,772 votes, defeating his nearest rival Vishwajit, who bagged 11,225 votes. However, his margin has dropped drastically in this election. Compared to the 2007 assembly election, when his winning margin was 3,736 votes, his margin in this assembly election came down to 2,547.Rane said, \"It is the victory of my electorate. I dedicate my victory to the people of Poriem\". But he admitted that he was neither feeling happy nor disappointed with the verdict. \"I am not feeling anything,\" he added.Born in land-owner family, after obtaining his BBA degree from the USA, Rane joined the Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) on the request of then chief minister Dayanand 'Bhausaheb' Bandodkar. In 1972, first-timer Rane was elected from Sattari on the MGP ticket and was inducted as a minister in the government.Rane served six times as chief minister of Goa - from 1980 to 1985, 1985 to 1989, for three months in 1990, from 1994 to 1999, from Febraury 2005 to March 2005 and from June 2005 to June 2007. Rane joined the Congress party in the mid 1970s and has been a royal soldier of the party since then.Closely following Rane's example is former Congress chief minister (CM) Digambar Kamat and BJP-MGP chief ministerial candidate Manohar Parrikar. Despite the anti-incumbency factor and the illegal mining issue working against the Congress, Kamat polled 12,041 votes from Margao in this election, winning by a huge margin of 4,452 votes against BJP candidate Rupesh Mahatme. Parrikar polled 11,086 votes from Panaji and beat Congress candidate Yatin Parekh by 6,068 votes.Kamat, who started his journey in the state legislative assembly by winning on a BJP ticket in 1994, quit the BJP in 2005 to join the Congress. He has been with the Congress since then, and in 2007 he was sworn in as CM. Parrikar was elected on a BJP ticket in 1994 from Panaji and served as CM from 2000 to 2005.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12169020", "title": "New head of Sarvajanik Vachnalaya elected", "text": "NASHIK: Vilas Aurangabadkar of the Granth Premi Panel was elected president of the Sarvajanik Vachnalaya (SaVaNa) on Tuesday, defeating Sharad Ashtaputre of the Ekatmata Panel.Naresh Mahajan and Vasudev Dashaputre have been elected as vice-presidents, a post which Chandrakant Mahamine lost out on. Twelve candidates from MS Aurangabadkar's Granth Premi Panel and three from Zende-Beni's Ekatmata Panel have been elected to the executive committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12168059", "title": "Meet target, LIC MD tells Bhopal zone officers", "text": "INDORE: The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has asked all the eight divisional managers (DMs) under the Bhopal zone of LIC, that caters to Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh region, to ensure that target for the financial year is met with. This was stated by the newly-appointed managing director of LIC Sushoban Sarkar who was on his maiden visit to the city.Giving details about the meeting with the MD here, Ashok Tiwari, DM, LIC, Indore, said all the eight DMs from Indore, Bhopal, Gwalior, Satna, Jabalpur, Shahdol, Raipur and Bilaspur attended the day-long session. The meet focused on the business strategies of the corporation to sell more policies.It was discussed during the meeting that the LIC's policies have been evoking good response from across the country and the momentum has to be increased.The LIC is holding a corporate-level meeting in Mumbai on March 6 and 7 to internally discuss the business plan for the fiscal 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168956", "title": "Lone woman winner thanks husband for victory", "text": "PANAJI: Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate was the reason Goa's lone woman MLA Victoria Fernandes was denied a Congress ticket for St Cruz constituency. In a twist, his wife Jennifer Monserrate will make up for the female deficiency in Goa's legislative assembly being the only woman to win a seat this time around.Jennifer won the Taleigao seat, vacated by her husband for her, by a margin of 1,151. She appeared tense as she entered the counting centre at Miramar on Tuesday and on winning admitted to having faced tough competition from BJP candidate Dattaprasad Naik.\"It was my hard work and the people's mandate. It was very difficult in Taleigao because of the BJP wave. Only because the constituency has remained with us (husband Atanasio) for a long time, it was possible to win. I won it because of Babush, because of his work and dedication to the constituency. I give credit to Babush and people of Taleigao,\" Jennifer said.Jennifer made her entry in politics by contesting the zilla panchayat elections. On winning she was appointed head of the north Goa zilla panchayat. Some years later, she resigned from the post and contested the village panchayat elections, where she was elected unopposed as sarpanch of Taleigao.Incidentally, Jennifer had contested on a United Goan Democratic Party ticket from St Cruz constituency in 2007 against Fernandes, who was the Congress candidate. Fernandes defeated Jennifer by a significant margin in the 2007 elections.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173245", "title": "Expert skin care tips after Holi", "text": "Renowned skincare expert, cosmetologist Dr Jamuna Pai and dermatologist Dr S S Trasi shares some useful tips to save your skin from getting damaged this Holi.Holi is just round the corner with a promise of warm days and new beginnings. A festival of rejuvenation and rebirth, Holi spreads colour into Indian landscape smeared in rich and vibrant colors of life.\"Every heart wants to dance in clouds of 'gulal' and get soaked in showers of colored water. But most of us refrain ourselves from being an active part in the play of colours because of the fact that the harsh chemicals in the colours cause skin problems, allergies, breakouts and irritations later on. Especially individuals with a history of skin reactions are at a higher risk of developing allergies upon contact with colors and dyes,\" said Dr Jamuna Pai, Cosmetologist, Blush Clinic.Dr Pai, lists down a few cardinal tips to follow this Holi:- While you dig out old clothes from your cupboard for a splash of colors, make sure you pick up clothes that cover maximum part of your body, preferably either high-necks or full-sleeves. The more your body will be covered, the lesser you have to worry to take the stains off.- Apply cold cream or oil on all the exposed parts. This makes your skin greasy and slippery preventing colors from settling down skin deep. Also apply a thick layer of waterproof sunscreen lotion before stepping out. This is advised because, playing Holi outdoors under the sun, with harsh chemical induced colors can very well be a cause for getting severe tan.- If during the play you feel itchiness or irritation on your skin, make sure to wash the area immediately with cold water. Washing off with cold water will reduce the instant inflammation, which once subdued can be further treated with a local soothing agent like calamine lotion or a thick moisturizer.- Keep drinking as much as water you can, both before leaving the house and after coming indoors. You should always keep in mind that the colors contain chemicals which snatch away moisture from the skin, so it becomes very important to keep re-hydrating your skin and what better way to do it than drinking plenty of water at regular intervals!- Application of a thick layer of Vaseline under your nails, behind your ears and on lips is highly recommended before you step out. Because, as mentioned above; strong chemicals in colors leave the skin dry and de-hydrated, so along with being conscious of drinking plenty of water, application of petroleum jelly is also important. When skin is dry, pores of the skin open up resulting in absorbing more of the colors. So, prevention should be taken on the first place itself to keep pores of the skin closed by applying Vaseline.Dr S.S. Trasi, Dermatologist, Dr. L.H Hiranandani Hospital emphasizes on how to give extra care to our sensitive skin after getting drenched in colour.- Once you are indoors after a hearty play of colors with your loved ones, you know in your heat it is time to face the music of removing colours! Try to start the process as soon as possible, i.e wash off the colors while wet. The earliest, the better, for once if the colors dry, it becomes a little difficult to get rid of them easily. Don't panic though, if you cannot wash them off while wet, they would come off eventually with every shower.- Wash off colors from your face using lukewarm water and then apply a mixture of sea salt, glycerin and few drops of aroma oil. This mixture is anti-bacterial &amp; anti-fungal which helps protect the skin from harsh effects of chemicals in the colors.- Never ever rub your skin vigorously with soap, etc. in a quest to wipe the face off colours. This would remove less of colors and instead damage the skin more. Go for a facial cleanser or baby oil instead of soap to wash your face and apply a lot of moisturizer after that. Also strictly avoid bleaching, waxing or facial for a week before and after Holi. This regime is important to follow because these procedures leave the skin pores open which can prove to be harmful as the residue of colors can easily seep into these pores and make their way to inner layers of skin.- If you want you can also rub some lemon wedges over your skin. The natural bleaching agent in lemons helps remove the sturdy stains which otherwise doesn't go away easily. Rub it on for some time and then wash it off. After washing it off, make sure to apply ample moisturizer to prevent the skin from dryness.- The best way to avoid the hassle and ensure a healthy play of colours, choose herbal colours as alternatives to the ones induced with metallic chemicals. Herbal colors are easily available in the market, and much to your surprise can be easily made at home too!In a nut-shell, enjoy Holi in the most lively manner with great vigor and fervent. At the same time, remain cautious towards 'post Holi' effects on your skin and take precautions well in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12173062", "title": "Confusion over Bababudan Urus", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: With the district administration digging its heels in, the controversy surrounding the annual Urus atop the Bababudan hills is set to escalate further.The district administration has decided to conduct the three-day Urus from March 9 to 11.The differences of opinion over the conduct of the Urus came to the fore last year when Gousemohiyuddin Shakhadri, the Sajjada Nasheen of Inam Dattatreya peetha Bababudan darga, locked horns with the district administration over the date of the programme. The administration has clarified that it would follow the court order according to which the Mujarai commissioner's 1989 order should be followed while conducting any ritual.According to the order, devotees will be allowed to enter the cave shrine and Mujavar (Muslim priest) can smear sandal paste on the tombs inside the shrine and also in the vicinity. DC D K Rangaswamy said he will not allow any new rituals this year.Gouse Mohiyuddin Shakhadri said he will take part in the Urus and it will be conducted as it was in the previous years. \"We will follow all rituals which are prevalent in the tradition,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12169616", "title": "Rs 462 cr: MCG struggles to utilize funds", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG budget for the financial year 2012-13 is almost ready and according to sources, what comes as a surprise is the fact that the amount allocated for the development work this year is less than that allocated last year. Sources say that while the budget provision for development work in 2011-12 was Rs 487.29 crore, this year the amount allocated for development purpose in all the 35 wards is only Rs 274.13 crore.While the total budget provision for last year was Rs 615.49 crore, the MCG managed to spend only Rs 153.43 crore. In fact, the MCG itself has admitted that it has been able to spend just a fraction of what it was supposed to in the year 2011-12. When asked, MCG officials said that they are not compromising on the city's development.\"The primary reason why we have not allocated as much funds for development work as we did the previous year is because in the last budget, we had purposefully assigned a considerable amount for this purpose and tried to include maximum number of projects across the city. While a few of these projects are already complete or are in the final stages, the rest will be completed in the near future. This is the reason why the budget allocation is less this time,\" said an official.Also interestingly, wards 25 and 26 seem to have been given preference over other wards as far as development work is concerned. According to estimates, an amount of around Rs 67.33 crore has been set aside to carry out the development work in these two wards alone.According to sources, while Rs 41.62 crore is supposed to be spent in ward 25, Rs 25.71 crore will be spent in ward 26, for development work. At the same time, there are at least three wards - 9, 16 and 33 - where no money is being spent on development work. Of the Rs 487.29 development funds allocated last year, Rs 43.38 crore was set aside for improving the sanitation in the city, Rs 22.53 crore for enhancing the fire safety infrastructure.The total budget for year 2011-12 was Rs 615.49 crore. The final figure for this year's budget is still being worked out and is likely to be out on Wednesday. It will then be sent to the state government for approval. According to sources, as per the present budget estimates, Rs 27.38 crore will be spent on building roads and flyovers while Rs 15.88 crore will be spent on sewerage and drainage. The other areas on which money will be spent include community centres, hospitals, storm water drains and traffic improvement measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169144", "title": "SP dominates rural seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: If the urban seats of Lucknow saw a near whitewash of the BJP and first-time entry of the Samajwadi Party, the rural seats of the district too sprung up a surprise. The SP wave saw the aprty making a clean sweep in the rural seats of Lucknow.In Mohanlalganj (R) seat, Samajwadi Party's Chandra Rawat defeated her nearest BSP rival Pushpa Rawat by a margin of 23,517 votes. Former minister RK Chaudhary, who had been winning the seat for past three elections, finished third this time.Chaudhary had contested here in 1996 on BSP ticket and won. However, his relations with Mayawati became sour later and he left the BSP to contest as an Independent in 2002 and won again. He then floated Rashtriya Swabhiman Party and won the election in 2007.In Malihabad (R), SP's Indel Rawat had a close fight with Rashtrawadi Communist Party's Kaushal Kishore. Rawat emerged victorious in the last few rounds defeating Kishore by a close margin of 2,215 votes. The election in Malihabad was fought on the issue of electricity crisis. Voters wanted a candidate who can address the problem. And the result speaks it all.Rural seat saw another setback for BSP in Bakshi Ka Talab. State urban development minister and party's Brahmin face Nakul Dubey got drubbing at the hands of former MLA Gomti Yadav of SP. Yadav defeated Dubey by a close margin of 1,899 votes.Along with anti-incumbency wave, experts believe that Dubey's absence from the constituency in past five years resulted in his defeat. It was negative voting for Dubey that gave the edge to Yadav, a social activist of the area said.In Sarojininagar, former minister Sharda Prasad Shukla won defeating his nearest BSP rival Shiv Shanker Singh (Shankari Singh) by a margin of 8,365 votes. The seat has swung between the SP and BSP in last three elections. Elections 2012 News  Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168906", "title": "Property attachment of fake IT companies mulled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Waking up to the racket of fly-by-night IT companies that are doing a vanishing act after collecting huge sums of money from job-seekers, the state government has decided to appoint a high-powered committee to check the rampant menace.Among the options that the committee, which would include cyber crime experts from the police department and officials from the IT department, has been asked to consider is attachment of the property of the offenders.The first meeting of the committee is scheduled to be held in the last week of March.The meeting is likely to discuss various issues including selection of panel members, modalities for preventing such crimes and also on punishing the white collar criminals. The action plan would also include empowering CID with additional power to attach properties of white collar criminals in order to reimburse the victims of such crimes.The decision to appoint a committee was taken at a meeting on Tuesday which was attended by IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah, IT secretary, and officials from enforcing agencies such as the home department, CB-CID and cyber crime wing of the police. At the meeting, the economic offences wing of the CID explained various types of crimes committed by spurious IT companies in the last few years.The IT minister then advised the IT secretary to constitute a committee and prepare an action plan to curtail these activities.Meanwhile, the IT department has launched the first rural BPO in the country at Challapalli village in Krishna district. The Sunflower IT BPO project became functional on Monday.Ponnala said the government would replicate this model in setting up similar rural BPOs in other towns and villages in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12169142", "title": "Ghaziabad stops SP victory march, rides with BSP", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Samajwadi Party's (SP) sweep across the state left this important NCR district untouched on Tuesday. As Ghaziabad voted Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) on four of its five assembly seats, experts said polarization of Muslim and Dalit votes in urban constituencies may have upset the calculations of SP and the traditional winner, BJP. For the Saffron party, the only consolation was its candidates finishing second on two of the four urban seats.BSP won by a narrow margin only in Muradnagar where Wahab Chaudhry defeated SP's Rajpal Tyagi by a little over 4,000 votes. BSP's Amarpal Sharma managed a major upset by wresting Sahibabad from BJP's Sunil Sharma by 24,000 votes. Amarpal, who unsuccessfully contested from Ghaziabad last time, had become popular in the new constituency by organizing Ramlilas and financially assisting such events. Engaging with the local RWAs also seems to have helped him.More shocking was BJP's loss in the main Ghaziabad city where it has a sizeable base among Baniya voters. Here, BSP's Suresh Bansal defeated BJP's Atul Garg by a margin of 13,000. Muslim support in areas such as Kayla Bhatta and Dalit backing in Pratap Vihar and Vijay Nagar seems to have helped BSP. \"The votes of upper castes and Baniyas were divided among Congress, BJP and BSP, as all three fielded Baniya candidates. Dalits and minority support thus became a clincher,\" said a polling official.Angry BJP activists blamed poor choice of candidates for the party's losses. \"Leaders who took the call on distributing tickets were stubborn and did not listen to suggestions of senior local representatives,\" said a party worker on his way out from a counting centre. Even in Loni, BSP succeeded by turning Muslim support to account for its candidate Zakir Ali.However, the absence of an SP stake in the district has left many residents worried about the prospects for the next five years. Already, there are rumours of largescale police transfers in the pipeline. In fact, the law &amp; order question is weighing on everyone's mind.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169368", "title": "Kin of stabbed victim blocks road", "text": "JAIPUR: Family members of the 21-year-old youth who had been stabbed to death outside the Amber police station building on Monday night blocked a road near the police station and protested against the police staff alleging them of apathy. They were demanding action against the policemen who were on duty when the incident took place.Police arrested three men on charges of killing the youth on Tuesday. The police also arrested eight persons from two groups which had clashed leading to the stabbing incident.The deceased identified as Pavan Saini a resident of Pili Ki Talai in Amber was stabbed by a group of people over a land dispute on Monday night.\"The dispute over land was between Hanuman Meena and Babulal Meena. On Monday evening, people from both the persons clashed in which 12 were injured. Both the groups have approached Amber police station,\" a police officer said.One of the injured was Ramvatar Saini who is Pavan's friend. \"Pawan also reached Amber police station when people from the other group stabbed him to death,\" the officer said.\"Three have been arrested for the murder while eight others for the clash over the land dispute,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12171938", "title": "Israeli diplomat attack: Scribe arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police have made a major breakthrough in the Israeli car bomb attack case of February 13 with the arrest of one person.A journalist identified as Mohammad Kazmi has been taken into custody from South Delhi.Kazmi, sources said, is a freelance journalist who has worked for several organisations earlier.Officials claim he had hatched the conspiracy of attacking Israeli diplomat's car alongwith two or three others.However, the police have not disclosed the motive and details of explosive used by Kazmi for the attack.Sources say police have also recovered the bike, which was apparantly used in the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169609", "title": "Labour department turns a blind eye to accidents at Metro site", "text": "JAIPUR: The labour department of the state government has turned a blind eye to the recurring accidents of labourers at metro sites. In the absence of any regulator to ensure the interests of workers of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), the DMRC is easily getting away form the responsibility of such accidents.Repeated negligence of DMRC came to the fore when a migrant labourer slipped and fell off a beam, and later succumbed to his injuries. With this accident the death toll of workers at construction site has gone up to 6. However, the labour department which has the prime responsibility to ensure welfare and safety of labourers working in the state claims that they have not received any formal complaints and hence cannot take any action.\"Before taking any action we need to study the scenario. What is the agreement between the employee and employer is a matter of study. Proper investigation is needed in these accidents but before that a formal request should come to us. So far none has come,\" said Lalit Mehra, principal secretary of labour department.Experts claim that DMRC in its agreement with the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) had put the condition that no direct action against the contractors can be taken by the JMRC or by the state government. \"The said provision during the agreement made the DMRC practically immune to any action. Also it is a time-bound project which has to be completed before the state elections in 2013. So even the government doesn't want to slow the pace of work by engaging DMRC in legal issues. Certainly labour department has to act according to the government's wishes,\" said a senior official of JMRC.The workers, reluctantly admit that safety issues are compromised at many occasions but they can't complain as it will lead to their immediate suspension. \"We are working overtime to ensure that the project is completed on time. We get tired but whom should we complain to?\" said a labourer working on New Sanganer Road.More than 6,000 labourers are engaged in various works at metro construction site. Not only the workers but even the people residing in and around places like Ajmer Road, Mansarovar, Vivek Vihar, Gurjar Ki Thadi, Sindhi Camp and New Sanganer Road are at a higher risk of accidents. Starting from November 2010 the Metro construction work has reached a level where safety measures are needed. However, in the absence of these measures, accidents occur and labourers become the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12170091", "title": "Former NCP corporator abducted in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: Saleem Qureshi, the owner of Roxy Cinema, was kidnapped in front of his house in Asafia Colony in the early hours of Monday. Qureshi is a former NCP corporator.The police have questioned a few people, but the motive of kidnapping is not clear yet. The family has not received any call for ransom so far, said the police.Relatives told the police that Qureshi returned home after the second show around 1.30 am. Before he stepped in, some people seated in a car outside called him out. As soon as Qureshi came out, the men dragged him inside the car and zoomed away. A few local residents saw the incident and alerted his family. One of the suspects also took away Qureshi's car which was later found abandoned in Paithangate on Monday evening. The police also found Qureshi's switched off mobile phone.Primary investigations have revealed that Qureshi's ownership of the cinema hall is in dispute. He had bought the Roxy Cinema some five years back. The man who sold the theater to him died recently, after which his relatives challenged Qureshi's ownership in the court.\"So far we have no concrete evidence to link the kidnapping to the property dispute. The mobile phone movements were tracked in Paithangate area for some time,\" said sub-inspector S D Shaikh of the Begumpura police station.Police said that on his way back home that night, Qureshi was accompanied by two of his friends. He had dropped them near the Town Hall. Qureshi's brother Haleem has lodged a complaint with the Begumpura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168327", "title": "HC seeks reply on MNREGA loot", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court on Tuesday directed the Centre and the state government to file replies in a case related to the alleged bungling in MNREGA in Aurangabad district. The order was passed by a division bench, comprising Chief Justice Rekha Manharlal Doshit and Justice B P Verma.The petitioner in the case, Santan Singh, had stated in the PIL that in Madanpur block of Aurangabad district it has been found that the same person has withdrawn money under MNREGA under different names several times. Singh has also cited instances where it was found that while no work was actually done, but on paper, work has been shown to be done.There has been huge bungling of MNREGA fund meant for social welfare schemes in the district as money has been withdrawn in a lopsided manner, the court was told. The court expressed its displeasure on this and directed both the Centre and the state government to file their replies in this regard by April 3 clearing their position on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172896", "title": "Keep your skin clear this Holi", "text": "Over the years, with the disappearance of some of these tree varieties from urban areas, the natural colours were gradually replaced by cheaper industrial dyesTraditionally, Holi celebrates the return of spring - a time when several trees bloom and the colours that people use come from these flowering trees. Now, Holi is played with chemicals and toxins, grease and grime, and sometimes glass. These colours contain oxidised metals or industrial dyes and can be very harmful to the skin. Here are some precautions before and after holi to keep your skin, hair, eye and nails safe.Precautions to be taken before playing Holi-Make colours at home experiment with different natural products available like henna that can be used as green colour, turmeric powder can be used as yellow colour, dry rose petals and other dry petals can be grounded to make powder and used as dry gulal.-Use a barrier cream or oil (mustard oil is best) in generous quantity on all exposed body parts. Let the skin absorb it for 20-30 minutes. Then apply waterproof sunscreen. For those with a history of skin allergy or rash, take an anti-allergic tablet on the previous night to avoid skin irritation and rash.-Oil the hair well prior to the celebrations-Try and wear clothes that cover most of the exposed body parts.Harmful effects of coloursPlaying with colours during holi is fun but can be harmful to the skin as well, especially people with sensitive skin. They can cause allergic contact dermatitis to colours and dyes. This will show on the skin as red rash, swelling and irritation on the area of skin where the colour was applied. Sometimes the allergy can spread on to the whole body.The colours affect different skin in different ways. For some people especially with thin dry skin with a family history of skin allergy or asthma , even a little amount of colour can cause severe allergy or rash. In some cases even kidney failure and skin cancer has been reported.While the application of very little amount of colours should be an ideal solution to avoid any kind of allergy, the option of application of body oil, like coconut oil, also serves as a protective layer for the skin. If the oil is applied on the body before playing with colours, it can prevent allergies and irritation. However, if the colours react or irritate the skin, they should be immediately washed away with running water. While washing off the colour, use lukewarm water and keep your eyes and lips tightly closed. If irritation persists use calamine lotion.TreatmentIn case of any irritation or burning, calamine lotion can be applied. If the irritation persists, consult a dermatologist urgently. Antihistamines, topical steroids or antibiotics can be used. In severe reactions, Systemic Steroids may be used.Alternatives to harmful coloursHere are a few things one can do at home:-Mix haldi powder with besan for a lovely yellow.-Slice a beetroot and soak in water for a deep pink.-Boil Marigold or Tesu flowers in water for yellow colour.-The other easy way to get a yellow liquid colour is to soak peels of pomegranate (Anar) overnight.-For an orange red paste, henna leaves (mehndi) can be dried, powdered and mixed with water.(The article is authored by Dr Apratim Goel, a leading dermatologist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "farakka", "code": "12168518", "title": "Man dies after being chased by cops", "text": "FARAKKA: A 35-year-old man died after jumping into a drainage canal while being chased by a detachment of police team from Tamil Nadu. The incident occurred outside the Farakka police station on Monday morning. The incident led to considerable tension in the area and the four policemen from Tamil Nadu were detained for questioning.The though the Chennai-based cops claimed that they had suspected that the dead man had come to the police station to free a detainee who they were preparing to take back to their state. However, Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir said that they may be charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder if the post mortem report revealed that the dead man was beaten up.On Saturday, the four-member team from Chennai reached Murshidabad along with a CID team from West Bengal. They were tracking a gang of criminals who had allegedly masqueraded as goldsmiths and robbed 36kg gold and 2kg diamonds from a jeweller in Tirupur - the textile capital of Tamil Nadu. On Saturday night, they laid a trap at a hotel in New Farakka andnabbed one Sk sRaju and two of his accomplices from a hotel in Farakka. The other member of the gang, Sk Motiur, managed to slip away. Raju and his friends - all residents of Beniagram in the Mirpara area of Farakka - were apparently having a good time at the hotel when they were nabbed.\"The three were produced before a court on Sunday and the police team from Tamil Nadu was granted transit remand to take back Raju and the two others. As it was too late to return to Tamil Nadu, the three were taken to the Farakka police station and kept in the lock-up. Early on Monday, a group numbering nearly 25, reached the police station and wanted to meet Raju. The cops from Tamil Nadu thought that this was an attempt to free the detainee and started chasing the mob. Though there was no lathi charge, some of the villagers received a few blows from the canes of the policemen,\" an officer said.Sk Bakul, 35, was among those who fled when the policemen rushed towards the mob. For some reason, the policemen picked on him and kept up their chase till Bakul fell into the drainage canal which connects to the Farakka Barrage. His body was fished out later.\"We had no ill motive. When we came to know that Raju had been arrested and would be taken away to Tamil Nadu, we decided to give him a few clothes. Incidentally, a lot of people turned up out of curiosity. There was no attempt to free Raju. When the policemen rushed at us and swung their lathis, all of us ran. My brother's body was found later. We are sure that the policemen beat him to death and dumped his body in the canal,\" said Sk Mukul, Bakul's elder brother.Kabir rushed to the spot after the incident and ordered detention of the four policemen. In the evening, DIG Anil Kumar visited the spot and assured that a proper inquiry would be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173217", "title": "Book launch of 'Padduram' in Delhi", "text": "Debutant director Ajay Moga earlier wanted Laloo Prasad Yadav for the music launch of his film Padduram which revolves around a kid who has a flatulence problem .While that didn't quite happen, a guest paid a surprise visit during the book launch of the character Padduram and how.During the event that was held at the 20th World Book Fair at Pragati Maidan, Delhi, a member of the audience, who later admitted to having a flatulence problem himself, went up to the podium, uninvited, only to announce that there is nothing wrong with farting publicly.That's not all. The event was headed for some more theatrics.Rachit Sidana, the child actor who essays the lead role of Padduram, threw a tantrum all of his own. He insisted on launching the book since he is the lead actor of the film and actually threatened to walk out. It was only when Moga stepped in and coaxed him into staying put that he refrained from further creating a scene.Finally, Chief Guest and Big Boss 5 winner Juhi Parmar , along with Rachit, did the honours.The film Padduram tries to tell the world that there is nothing to feel shy about having a flatulence problem.mehul.thakkar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169607", "title": "Election results: Badals sweep Congress off Punjab skies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Akalis, along with the BJP, stormed their way back to power in Punjab on Tuesday, sweeping away in its wake the Congress and it's battle-weary Captain, a long history of anti-incumbency and a strong rebellion right among its own.The result came as shock for not just the Congress but across Punjab, which has traditionally never voted an incumbent government back to power and where high turnout always spelt trouble for ruling parties.The father-son duo of old warhorse Parkash Singh Badal and the young and aggressive Sukhbir Badal proved to be a deadly combination that steered the country's oldest regional party to a decisive victory. Shiromani Akai Dal (SAD), that used to be neck-to-neck with the Congress in the last two elections surged ahead with a tally of 56, coming very close to the magic figure of 59 seats on its own.Together with its ally BJP, which bagged 12 seats, the combine took itself to an unassailable position with 68 seats as compared to the Congress' 46.The win, a large part of which is being attributed to Sukhbir Badal and his aggressive style of politics, has already sparked off talks of a smooth transition of power - sooner or later - when Parkash Badal passes on the baton to his son as a reward for scripting the second consecutive win for the Akalis against all odds. He is being said to be the man who made SAD shed the image of an ageing regional party caught in a time warp to a cutting edge corporate-like entity.The win is being seen as an icing on a long political career of Akali patriarch Parkash Singh Badal that spans over half a century. There were talks of his quitting politics but he held on to stabilize the rocking boat that the party and family had become and play the role of the 'bhism pitama.'The result also surprised the BJP, a party that had been virtually written off a year after three of its ministers came under the shadow of corruption.The Congress' humbling defeat is being seen as a result of its complacency that grew out of Punjab's history of anti-incumbency, intense infighting (the party had to put up with 22 rebels), a negative campaign and the anti-UPA wave sweeping the country. Even rallies by Sonia Gandhi and son Rahul and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh could not save the day for the party that seemed groping for answers at the end of the day.This could also be the last battle for Captain Amarinder Singh, who turns 70 next week. His inability to ensure a win will be reflected as a let down for none other than Rahul Gandhi who himself declared Captain as CM-designate in a public rally. Later in the day, the Captain offered to quit as PPCC chief, saying that it was upto the party to accept it or reject.Akali rebel Manpreet Badal, who came with a bang on the political scene by openly revolting against his uncle and cousin, went out without a whimper. He lost both the seats he contested, including Gidderbaha, which he had won four times before. His humiliation was complete when got trounced by a big margin of over 12,000 votes in Gidderbaha and his candidates lost all the 117 seats they contested.The Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda, which has a huge base of followers in the Malwa region of Punjab - which has as many as 70 out of the 117 seats - apparently did not play a decisive role this time, unlike 2007 where it had given clear diktat in favour of the Congress. The votes have been shared almost equally between the rivals in Malwa.Mayawati may have lost ground in Uttar Pradesh, but she has something to cheer about in Punjab with its candidates increasing the vote share in the state much to the dismay of the Congress, which was swept away in the Doaba region, which has a high concentration of Dalits.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12172731", "title": "2007 results repeat, SP swaps position with BSP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The story of 2007 elections was written once again after five years in the Sangam City with the only difference that this time it was the Samajwadi Party (SP) which took over the role of its main adversary the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) in an identical manner by bagging eight out of the 12 assembly seats in the district. How firmly entrenched are the two parties in minds of the voters can be gauged from the fact that even a high-profile election campaign launched by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, three months prior to the election, failed to cut ice and the party had to once again remain content with the sole seat which it had bagged in the previous election in 2007.After declaration of results in the evening, it was pretty clear that the SP candidates had bagged eight out of the 12 constituencies over their arch rival BSP whose candidates could manage to wrest three out of the remaining four seats. On the other hand, continuing with its dismal show, the Congress managed to cling on to the lone seat which had fallen into its kitty in 2007. The story was a repeat of 2007 elections in the prestigious Allahabad North assembly seat where Congress candidate Anugrah Narayan Singh trounced his relatively young rival Harshvardhan Bajpai of the BSP by a margin of 15,555 votes. While Singh secured 52,257 votes, the BSP candidate polled 36,702 votes. The BJP candidate and two times former MLA from Bara assembly seat, Udaybhan Karvariya, was relegated to the third position with 32,663 votes while SP's Shashank Tripathi bagged 12,418 votes. In Allahabad South seat, Parvez Ahmad of SP overcame a stiff challenge from previous winner and former state minister and BSP candidate Nand Gopal Gupta 'Nandi' by a slender margin of 414 votes. However, it was disappointment once again for former assembly Speaker and senior BJP leader Keshri Nath Tripathi who was pushed to the third spot followed by another highprofile candidate and sitting mayor Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh in the fourth spot. The SP candidate from Allahabad South, Parvez Ahmad, polled 43,040 against Nandis 42,626 votes while Keshri Nath Tripathi bagged 33,399 votes and Jitendra Nath Singh secured 19,121 votes.In Allahabad West seat, Pooja Pal of BSP retained the seat she had won in 2007 defeating her nearest rival and five times MLA and former MP, Atiq Ahmad, of Apna Dal by a margin of 8,885 votes. While Pooja Pal polled 71,114 votes her rival Atiq secured 62,229 votes. Former Ranji cricketer and SP candidate Jyoti Yadav bagged 18,867 votes followed by Ramji Kesarwani of BJP with 9,740 and Ravi Prakash of Congress finishing a poor fifth with 4,933 votes. In Soraon, SP candidate Satyaveer Munna drubbed his nearest BSP rival Babu Lal Bhanwra of BSP by a margin of 15,555 votes. Here Munna polled 61,153 votes against 45,852 of Babu Lal Bhanwra. Independent candidate Vachaspati came to the third spot with 28,073 votes and Ajay Pasi of Congress with 22,039 votes. From Bara (reserved) assembly seat, Dr Ajay Kumar won the contest with a win over his competitor Bhola Chaudhary of BSP by a margin of 3,756 votes. While former polled 46,182 votes, the latter bagged 42,426 votes. Apna Dal candidate Ajay Bharti secured 25,486 votes followed by Manju Sant of Congress with 19,879 votes. However, the biggest margin was registered from Handia assembly seat where SP candidate and liquor baron, Mahesh Narayan Singh, set aside the challenge of former state minister and expelled BSP leader Rakesh Dhar Tripathi fighting on the ticket of Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party by vanquishing him with an impressive margin of 45,300 votes. Here Singh polled 88,475 votes against 43,175 of Tripathi while Ram Milan Yadav of BSP bagged 32,146 votes followed by former state minister and Congress candidate Rajendra Tripathi with 4,809 votes. In Karchana, Deepak Patel of BSP emerged the surprise winner defeating former state minister and SP candidate Ujjawal Raman Singh by a margin of 404 votes. While Deepak Patel secured 68,341 votes, Ujjawal Raman bagged 67,937 votes. Here Independent candidate Michel Innes bagged the third position with 11,858 votes while BJP candidate Anamika Chaudhary secured only 7,855 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12172129", "title": "UP polls: Cracks in Mayawati's dalit vote bank", "text": "LUCKNOW: The SP also swept the reserved assembly constituencies in the elections. The party won more than half of the seats, way ahead of BSP, which is actually known for having dalit base.Of total 84 reserved constituencies, SP won 54, while BSP could win only 17, Congress four, BJP three, RLD two and remaining others. This shows that the SP got not only support of Muslims and backward classes but also of Dalits. In fact, in a reserved constituency, parties face real test of their support. Since every party puts up dalit candidate, the votes of the community split. The one having more support of other castes and communities wins at the end of the day.In 2007 assembly elections, BSP won 62 out of total 89 reserved constituency, SP won only 13, BJP - 7, Congress - 5, RLD - 1 and Rashtriya Swabhiman Party ( RPS) - 1. However, a peep in the past shows that BSP's performance has not been impressive in reserved constituencies. However, this time it was less than expectations.Sample this: In 1993, out of total 88 assembly constituencies reserved for Dalits, BJP grabbed 38 followed by BSP and SP with 23 each and four others. In 1996 again BJP was top runner with 36 seats followed by BSP with 20, SP 18, Congress 4, and 11 others. The scene in 2002 changed with SP grabbing maximum 35 seats followed by BSP with 24, BJP 18 and others 11. The results of the 17 reserved constituencies in Lok Sabha is also more or less the same. In 1999, BSP won 5 seats in comparison to 7 by BJP, Loktantrik Congress Party - 1 and SP - 5. In 2004, SP was the leader with 8 followed by BSP with 5, BJP 2 and Congress and RLD one each. In 2009 Lok Sabha elections, SP bagged SP 10 including five won by BSP in 2004. BSP, BJP and Congress won 2 each and RLD 1.In 2007 assembly elections BSP got a small percentage but crucial Brahmin votes which helped it sweeping the reserved constituencies. Dalits are around 21% of UP's population. The state has a total 66 scheduled castes (Dalits). Of these, Jatavs are 56.3% of Dalit population followed by Pasis with 15.9% and Dhobi, Kori and Balmiki together are 15.3% population. Gond, Dhanuk and Khatik together form another 5% of Dalit population. Nine dalit sub-castes -- Rawat, Baheliya, Khawar and Kol contstitute 4.5% Dalits. The remaining 49 Dalit subcastes are 3%.Jatavs are primarily concentrated in Azamgarh, Jaunpur, Agra, Bijnor, Saharanpur, Gorakhpur and Ghazipur districts, whereas Pasi have the highest number in Sitapur district, followed by Rae Bareli, Hardoi and Allahabad districts. Other three major groups, namely, Dhobi, Kori and Balmiki have maximum population in Bareilly, Sultalpur and Ghaziabad districts respectively.Political analyst pointed out that though BSP is a Dalit based party, only the Jatav sub-caste is staunch supporter of the party because Mayawati is also a Jatav. The other sub-caste change also support BSP but they also change their stand depending on the candidate fielded by other parties in the reserved constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12170189", "title": "Leopard red alert at IAF base", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The \"spotting\" of a leopard inside the dense jungles of the IAF station next to the Chandigarh Airport has given UT Forests and Wildlife department sleepless nights as the big cat has evaded capture by not stepping into the trap with a live bait set for it.The leopard was first sighted by an IAF personnel near the runaway. \"We were alerted by the IAF authorities and we rushed to the spot. We took the help of a team from the Chhatbir zoo. The leopard could not be located though we searched for it at night also. We have set a trap with a live bait of a goat kid, but the leopard has not shown up for the last four nights. We got another report of its sighting from the IAF personnel but the pugmarks on the hard surface could not be positively identified as that of a leopard. Though the IAF personnel are adamant that it was a leopard, we are of the view that the second sighting could be of a large hyena or a jackal,\" a UT Wildlife official told TOI.There is a large jungle of lantana and wild grasses within the IAF station, which is teeming with wildlife like blue bulls. There are also some stray dogs in the base, which have not been touched. \"The leopard has not made any kill in the IAF base. Though leopards are very fond of dogs, there is no killing of a dog. That means that either the leopard has come and gone or it was some other animal mistaken for a leopard,\" the official added.The jungles inside the IAF bases on the city's periphery have presented a problem of an abundance of neelgai, which take advantage of the cover and protection. The Punjab Wildlife Preservation department had also been requisitioned in the past to tackle the neelgai menace as the flight of the Punjab governor had to be stopped a few years back because of the danger of neelgais straying onto the runaway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170134", "title": "'Innovations needed to improve public transport'", "text": "PUNE: Public transport services can be improved if state transport undertakings (STUs) make use of innovative ideas, long-term planning and simple procedures, transport experts said here at a national seminar on best practices in management of STUs on Tuesday.The two-day seminar, which concluded here at the Central Institute of Road Transport on Tuesday, had deliberations on best practices in information technology applications, human resources management, and fleet and depot management.CIRT director G Dinshaw said that as road space is limited and traffic is increasing exponentially, efficient public transport is the only solution to this problem. Transport undertakings need to get rid of their \"government syndrome\" and function like private sector organisations, he said. The undertakings should keep their procedures simple, which would help in improving passenger services. Transport undertakings need to evolve drills about their services, such as route operations, he added.Transport utilities, he said, have to incorporate latest technologies and plan for the long term. They have to tackle the root cause of problems in advance, instead reacting in a knee-jerk fashion, he added.Ashish Mishra of the CIRT, who coordinated the seminar, said that some transport undertakings, like the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation, have set an example for others.H N Patil, senior statistician of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation, who spoke on evaluation of performance of depots, said that innovative ideas have to be implemented to improve the services. Statistical data should be used to take decisions and to implement action plans. Evaluation systems should go beyond producing periodic reports, he said.Experts also stressed the need for road safety, for which buses need to have advanced brake systems even for city bus operations. Many a times, the fault is in the vehicle, but the driver is blamed for rash and negligent driving, the experts said.The experts also stressed the need for computerisation of depots, undertaking preventive maintenance of buses, having electronic fare and display systems, implementing fuel efficiency initiatives, and use of intelligent traffic system. They said that modern buses with advanced technologies would soon be seen on the roads. These buses will have several features which would provide comfort for passengers and drivers.What the experts said:* Transport undertakings need to get rid of \"government syndrome\", function like private sector organisations* Root cause of problems should be tackled in advance instead knee-jerk reactions* Statistical data should be used to take decisions and to implement action plans* Evaluation systems have to go beyond producing periodic reports", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "12168399", "title": "ITC boost to village economy in Munger", "text": "MUNGER: With a view to revitalizing the rural economy by empowering farmers in managing and conserving their indigenous resources, multibusiness Indian conglomerate ITC has partnered with rural communities and made several interventions in the villages under the Munger division at the HQ of which it has an industrial unit.Christened 'Mission Sunehra Kal', the programme aims to ensure substantial increase in farm output and resultant income, livestock improvement, watershed management and development of dairy as alternative livelihood. \"The mission is also to empower rural women and improve access to education for local populace,\" an ITC official said.The social development initiatives of ITC have so far benefited 65,000 families of farmers. Besides, according to ITC statistics, 3465 women benefited from the schemes meant for women. Improved agriculture practices on 300 acres of land in four blocks of Munger have borne fruits as the yield has gone up, the ITC official said and added the watershed development programme was going on in 21 villages whereas primary education scheme covers 57,000 students.Considering that livestock is an important source of regular income for farmers, ITC has been working for productivity increase through an integrated package of animal husbandry services comprising genetic improvement to ensure disease-free and resistant animals. In partnership with NGOs, ITC is running 33 cattle development centres that provide animal husbandry services across 430 villages.Several other initiatives like formation of Milk Producer's Group, Dairy Cooperative Societies, promotion for cattle loan facility through regional rural banks and installation of bulk milk chillers have also been made, ITC sources said. A state-of-the-art milk processing plant is being installed at Munger to process milk.It will benefit 30,000 farmers of the region. The project will have an initial investment of about Rs 100 crore and will provide immense direct and indirect employment opportunities to locals, said ITC Ltd's vice-president and head (social investments) Dr Ashesh Ambasta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170346", "title": "'Made in China' sprinklers add colour to 'desi' Holi", "text": "VARANASI: When it comes to buying products prepared from non-biodegradable products, 'Made in China' is the tag that citizens look for, especially during Indian festivals. This Holi also sees buckets full of wet colours, dried colours decorated on an Indian 'thaal', long sprinkler of metals prepared specially in Aligarh and awesome home-made delicacies. However, the local pichkari (sprinklers) sellers in the city are facing tremendous loss due to the invasion of Chinese products in the markets. From small plastic sprinklers to colourful perfumed sprays made in China are available in the market.\"It seems that 'Made in China' has researched our festivals and sensed the need of the customers. For the past 10 years, the business of local sprinklers is decreasing due to stiff competition with Chinese sprinklers. We are facing huge loss, plastic powder through which the pichkaris are prepared locally are bought at Rs 100 per kg while at the same time, there is no subsidy or relaxation on the name of festival,\" shared Bihari Lal, a local manufacturer and trader of sprinklers at Rajghat area while talking to TOI at Harah Sarai Market.According to Bihari Lal, the traditional plastic sprinklers are selling from 50 paise to Rs 10 and \"people from urban areas are not buying these local products which is why we are preferring to sell the stock in villages.\" Most of the local pichkari sellers have put a paper tag of 'Made in China' to attract customers. \"The only source of income that we have is by preparing toys, plastic goods and seasonal business of sprinklers but this invasion is causing a threat to our daily earnings,\" shares Manoj Kumar , who prepares plastic sprinklers in Padav area.Remembering the good old days when the business of local sprinkler was profiting, Sher Singh, a trader at Rajadarwaja, shared: \"The purchasing of Holi products starts a week before Shivratri and some 15 years ago our stock of sprinklers used finish by Shivratri, giving us good profit to encourage the business for the next year. At present, only 25% of the total produced sprinklers have been sold and we still have to meet the cost of manufacturing.\"According to him, local sprinklers are prepared at Rajghat, Padav, Sundarpur while some are also purchased from Aligarh and Meerut, but there are several traders at Rajadarwaja, Harahsarai, Dalmandi markets who have stopped buying our local products with the invasion of attractive Chinese toys that are purchased by them directly from Delhi, Noida and many other cities.Sanjay Gupta, a wholesaler or plastic toys and sprinklers at Rajadarwaja, opined: \"Almost all the Chinese products of Holi have been sold out and local products that were purchased from manufacturers in low quantities are still remaining in the stock. Last year, the ratio of sale of Chinese and Indian sprinklers was 60:40, while this year this ratio has changed to 80:20.\"According to Gupta, Chinese sprinklers are innovative as compared to local, they come in various shape and sizes, from the replica of a soft drink to funny goggles, elephant, cartoon characters, flute, watch, mobile phone which spray colours, Chinese sprinklers attract children basically, as far as the local sprinklers are concerned, the farthest they have produced is the replica of a gun only which is very outdated now. \"The Chinese sprinklers are comparatively expensive but they are available in different prices ranging from Rs 10 to Rs 1000, and fit the budget of people from all economic background,\" he said.It is worth mentioning here that apart from invading the world of sprinklers, China has also captured the markets of some of the articles which add flavour to the festival like funny caps, notorious masks, colours and snow spray. \"The Malinga cap (imitating the hair style of a cricketer) is the most popular Chinese article which is purchased for Holi,\" shared Gupta.The colourful traditional caps printed with words like 'Holi ka Ullas' and 'Happy Holi' have been overshadowed with the arrival of different types of plastic caps with different hair styles. \"These caps look different and add fun to our group of Holi revelers,\" shared Amit, a buyer.Although the Chinese markets have not yet affected the business of colours, Chinese products like snow spray, fog, plain perfumed colours bottled up in colourful style are selling at a huge rate. It is noteworthy that these spray bottles have not listed their contents and ingredients on the bottle nor are the customers purchasing these colours enqurire about them. \"The herbal colours and ordinary colours which are selling in Gola Dinanath market are way to better than these spray bottles but people are buying these products without confirming their worth and harm,\" shared Ramesh Mehrotra, a customer in Rajadarwahja area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173447", "title": "Ground realities", "text": "Vasundhara Jolly, an undergraduate student at Tufts University, on her experiences in Kashmir while on an internship; her observations of the people, their problems and issues at the grassroots level.Nearly a year ago, the Institute of Global Leadership at Tufts University began the application process for the Oslo scholars programme, a course wherein four selected students would attend the Oslo Freedom Forum held in Norway every year, and in turn intern with a speaker from the forum over the break.As a coordinator for the programme this year, I realised that among the criterion that we look at in applicants, languages are a must. Since people work in different parts of the world, we look at languages like Arabic, French, Urdu, Tamil, etc. Knowing many languages is an advantage at the forum since many of the speakers do not usually feel comfortable with English. We also look for a general commitment to the cause of human rights, in addition to past experience.All the speakers were human rights activists, some human rights defenders, and a number of Nobel laureates, but each of them was there for a cause. The conference was an eye-opener for a number of reasons, the most important being that I had never interacted with seasoned journalists, heads of states, and famous authors in such close proximity.When the internships were finalised, I found myself working with Justine Hardy, a conflict-trauma specialist, author and journalist in Kashmir. I started working on my project from January in Srinagar for two weeks. While working there, I saw majority of patients were men and between the ages of 21 and 30. They were unable to work and were suffering from a variety of problems such as depression, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), as a result of the long, unresolved conflict.The city had a power cut for almost an entire week, the water supply was irregular, internet and phone lines were dead and essential supplies like food and gas were limited.On the way to an outreach programme to the Kangan village outside Srinagar, we learnt that a village by the name of Govindpore had no electricity for the past three weeks. The villagers protesting against the power shortage had closed the road that passed through their village connecting Srinagar to other districts - their method of making a point, but peacefully.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167901", "title": "Govt to hive off Women and Child Development Department", "text": "BHOPAL: Directorate of Women and Child Development department will be bifurcated into two by constituting a separate directorate of women empowerment for effective implementation of schemes. The decision was taken at a cabinet meeting, chaired by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, in Bhopal on Tuesday.There are 78,919 anganwadi centres attached to 435 Integrated Child Development Schemes under the Woman and Child Development Department. Besides, several other schemes, including Ladli Laxmi Yojana, Sabla, Usha Kiran, ICDS, Beti Bachao Abhiyan, Atal Behari Vajpayee Child Health &amp; Nutrition Mission have also been introduced.This decision has been taken as there is only one officer at the directorate level to handle all these schemes. With the view to ensuring more effective and prompt action in cases of crimes against women, the cabinet decided to create four posts of deputy director (prosecution) with revised pay scale in the special cell and regional cells at Indore, Bhopal and Jabalpur.Four additional posts of the same rank of deputy director (prosecution) with revised pay scale for the eight special courts set up the under Madhya Pradesh Special Courts Act 2011.The cabinet also waived off loans worth Rs 4.82 crore against 123 weavers cooperative societies. Sanction was given for creation of posts of assistant director public relations and staff for five new districts of Anuppur, Singrauli, Burhanpur, Ashok Nagar and Alirajpur districts. Besides, sanction has also been given for staff positions for these offices.Additional staff for earlier sanctioned offices at Barwani, Sheopur, Dindori, Katni, Neemuch, Harda and Umaria has also been sanctioned. In all, 46 posts have been sanctioned for district public relations offices.The Cabinet decided to introduce a bill in the state assembly on acquisition of rights for using land for laying underground pipelines for water, gas, electricity, sewage as well as industrial effluents. For this, a draft of Madhya Pradesh Bhumigat Pipeline Vidheyak-2012 was endorsed. It will be tabled during the current session of the state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "badal (lambi)", "code": "12169876", "title": "Badal village erupts in joy", "text": "BADAL (Lambi): For once, the Badal village that houses the first family of the state, turned into a mini Punjab.At 30 past 12, the ruling SAD-BJP combine had just broken a 46-year-old jinx and the party patriarch Parkash Badal scripted an unassailable record win, defeating his two brothers in what was beingdubbed as \"mother of all battles\".After the exit polls failed and the ruling Akali-Dal emerged as the single largest party on Tuesday, the sprawling red sandstone estate belonging to the victorious warhorse Parkash Badal in Lambi turnedinto one grand fair.Ear-splitting beats of dhol and folk dances by men and women dressed in traditional bhangra and gidda attired turned on the patio of the Badal mansion.Urchins and robust young Jats took out crackers and shot celeberatory gunfire making boisterous noises at the guarded fort.When that finished, a riot of Holi colours filled in the air, enough to indicate the ruling alliance had preponed the festival in the state.Teams from news channels based out of Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai were amused to see the glimpses of festivals of Baisakhi, Holi and Diwali all rolled into one amidst fanfare and gaiety at the Badal home.\"A colossal rural fair. If it wasn't for the win, I would have to spend entire year to witness this. \" said Ketki, a correspondent from English news channel in Delhi.After keeping the media and supporters anxiously waiting for nearly nine hours since the counting began at 8 in the morning, the three Badals - Parkash, Sukhbir and Harsimrat arrived from their room swarmed by supporters, drummers and Marasi singers at nearly 3'o clock.Flocking supporters kept piling at the patio, lawns eventually leading to a melee.Even as people jostled and elbowed out each other to partake of new joy of their \"old government\", there were shows of triumph and festivals.The 84-year-old family climbed atop an open police jeep along with security guards and went for a victory lap, posing for urban and rural men, women and children. 15-minutes later, the act was repeated by his son and deputy CM SUkhbir Badal.On both ocassions, AKali Dal's youth wing president Bikram Majithia accompanied the Badals.Earlier in the day, an impromptu communinty feast had been arranged by the Badals for the media crew and supporters. A rare insight into their well-manicured and landscaped gardens teeming with emus, geese, peacocks and some rare birds became the talk of the day after the triumph.\"Is Badals home a gurudwara or a five-star-hotel\" asked one supporter Avtarjeet Singh as the celeberations continued.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "frankfurt", "code": "12172467", "title": "How SAP is trying to retain its top deck", "text": "FRANKFURT: SAP AG, whose shares are trading at the highest level in 11 years, will extend a stock-based compensation program to all workers as it gets closer to overtaking Siemens AG (SIE) as the most valuable German company.The biggest maker of enterprise-management software will offer employees so-called phantom stock, which mirrors the share price and doesn't represent actual equity, to encourage long- term employment and help SAP retain talent, co-Chief Executive Officer Jim Hagemann Snabe said in an interview at the CeBit technology fair in Hanover.SAP AG Co-Chief Executive Officer Jim Hagemann Snabe said in an interview at the CeBit technology fair in Hanover that the company will offer employees so-called phantom stock to encourage long-term employment and help SAP retain talent.SAP has gained 24 per cent this year in Frankfurt trading as technology companies benefit from demand for applications that allow consumers and companies to access data via smartphones and tablet computers. SAP, which has more than 54,000 employees and is based in Walldorf, has a market value of 62.3 billion euros ($82 billion), ahead of automaker Volkswagen AG and behind the 66.3 billion euros of engineering company Siemens (SIE) in Germany's benchmark DAX index.\"I do believe it makes a lot of sense to have incentive programs for the employees as well, that make them interested in the share price of the company and give them an opportunity to participate in our success,\" Snabe said. \"This is an industry with a war for talent, and talent is the biggest differentiator for everyone in our industry.\"The stock reached 51.82 euros in intraday trading in Frankfurt yesterday, the highest level since Oct. 2000. It closed 1.3 percent lower at 50.75 euros.Technology demandOther technology companies have also benefitted from rising demand for their products. International Business Machines Corp ( IBM ) on March 5 closed above $200 for the first time. Apple Inc, the maker of the iPhone smartphone and the iPad tablet computer, last month topped a $500 billion market capitalization. SAP's archrival Oracle Corp has risen 17 per cent this year.SAP needs to retain top-performing employees as it plans to boost annual revenue with the help of cloud-computing software, mobile applications gained through its Sybase acquisition and the Hana technology, which enables processing of large amounts of data on the go.For 2010, Snabe received 3.86 million euros, including 950,000 euros in share-based compensation. Co-CEO Bill McDermott was paid 4.42 million euros, including the same amount in stock- based compensation as Snabe. The company hasn't published their 2011 figures. Snabe and McDermott took over in February 2010.Cloud computingSAP in 2006 created an incentive plan for executives, senior management and high-performance employees, setting aside 300 million euros in cash if certain goals are met, including doubling its market value by 2010 from an assumed base of 44.8 billion euros. That target wasn't reached, according to Bloomberg data.SAP and Oracle are counting on cloud computing , which lets companies run programs via the Web, as a secure way to outsource data centers and reduce the need for pricey servers and other hardware.SAP's cloud business will \"certainly\" break even before reaching a 2015 sales target of 2 billion euros for that category, Snabe said. The company boosted its offering with the $3.4 billion acquisition of SuccessFactors Inc, which closed last month.Snabe said the company would be able to push its operating margin higher than the 35 percent targeted for 2015 under the existing business model. At the same time, the co-CEO said he is \"not sure\" that it would be \"healthy\" to raise profitability with a stronger focus on the maintenance business because it would come at the expense of the ability to develop new products.Emerging marketsSAP is augmenting its traditional software license-revenue model with offers in which companies lease applications for shorter time periods. In the traditional enterprise resource planning, or ERP, segment, Snabe predicts demand from clients reducing the number of software platforms.The business will also benefit from a focus on the retail, finance and health sectors as well as from an expansion in emerging markets such as China, Brazil and Russia , where business-management software isn't as widely used yet as in other regions, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170089", "title": "Students take lead in making Kashi 'tobacco-free'", "text": "VARANASI: After realising the ill-effects of chewing gutkha (tobacco), Prabhat pledged he would not touch the deadly product ever in his life. He had been chewing gutkha for the past three years.A student of class IX in Maduadih area has also made up his mind to quit the 'recently adopted habit of smoking', after knowing that what all he is inhaling can choke his lungs and cause cancer.Over 500 students in the age group of 13 to 18 years, including non-addicted ones from various schools, pledged never to touch the 'evil' and also discourage those who consume tobacco, at the launch of anti tobacco campaign 'tobacco free Kashi' by Ramkrishna Mission Home of Service at Omkar Nath Thakur auditorium of Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ) recently.Around one-third of the total UP population is addicted to tobacco in different forms.\"UP has a total population of 19.96 crore, out of which 33.9% adults, including 16.9% females, chew or smoke tobacco on a daily basis\", said Praveen Sinha, an advisor with National Tobacco Control Programme (NTCP), while interacting with youngsters at the launch of anti-tobacco campaign.According to Sinha, a study conducted by NTCP has revealed that nearly 53.5% of daily tobacco users consume tobacco within half-an-hour after waking up. As per the data of NTCP, the average age when a person starts consuming tobacco is 17.6 years.\"Around 5.4 million people in the world, including one million from India, would die this year due to diseases caused by the consuming tobacco like lung caner, mouth cancer , damage of voice box, asthma, heart strokes, infertility, skin diseases etc. Consuming tobacco during pregnancy causes malnutrition in children,\" added Sinha.Swami Varishthanand of Ramkrishna Mission Home of Service addressed students and informed them about laws regarding the consumption of tobacco by children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169311", "title": "Thandai, gulal, ghevar: Different hues of festival", "text": "MUMBAI: Holi amalgamates both the fire and water elements in nature, starting with the bonfire lit on the eve of Rang Panchami followed by the next day's riotous celebration with gulal and water.Astrologer Jayantrao Salgaonkar says there is no mahurat for Holika dahan, though the hour after sunset is ideal for the ritual. Mindful not to hack trees, devotees nowadays tend to gather withered branches and twigs for the custom. Long threads of yarn are wound around the tall bonfire before it is set alight. Devotees circumambulate the blazing Holika and place offerings of coconut and saptdhanya. including new ears of wheat, roli, paddy, flowers and batasha.Rang panchami the following day is a boisterous affair. Around 400 residents of one of Kandivli's richest societies, Agrawal Residency in Shankar Lane, will gather in the compound early on Thursday. \"After breakfast, we will have a rain dance with music and play Holi with pure gulal,\" says organizer Pankaj Kotecha. The community of foodies has arranged for thandai and aamras puri, though early mangoes cost a small fortune.Sweet shops are preparing their annual Holi treats. Tiwari Brothers at Opera House has laid out an array of gujiya, with a fragrant filling of suji, fennel seeds and moist coconut inside a wrap of sweetened dough. \"We make gujiya only at Holi. It costs Rs 330 per kg or 30 pieces,\" said store manager Vijay Bhagat.Rajasthani and Sindhi families await Holi for the traditional ghevar, the king of jalebis and imartis. Gurukripa in Sion sells it for Rs 400 per kg, while at shops in Bandra-Khar it costs Rs 580 per kg. On Tuesday evening, workers of Newandram Guloomal Sindhu Sweets in Khar twisted big jalebis with their fingers and threw them into vats of ghee. These were dipped in syrup after which pistachio and silver varq were sprinkled on them. \"Business has dropped with Sindhis turning health conscious. You cannot make a low-cal ghevar,\" said owner Ashok Lulla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170405", "title": "Mayawati runs out of luck now", "text": "LUCKNOW: A clear mandate in favour of the Samajwadi Party suggests there was more than just Akhilesh that worked to charm the UP voter. His campaign tour that notched 8250 kilometers gave the party a clear majority, with a state-wide tally of 224 seats, but the SP also appears to have ridden the anti-Maya wave in the state. This was apparent in the clear swing in favour of the party that improved its 2007 performance of 98 seats by an astounding 128%. This has come largely at the expense of Mayawati's BSP, which went down by nearly 62%.There was much at stake within the Congress camp as well. However, Rahul Baba's 200 rallies through the length and breadth of the state appeared to have left UP's masses unimpressed. The Congress gained marginally, but was unable to reach anywhere close to a dream finish. According to Mandate 2012, Congress ended up with only 28 seats (in 2007 their tally was 22), improving its performance by a meagre 37%.The loss of connect between the other parties and the masses was clear across regions. Poorvanchal, a region that was home to many of Mayawati's lieutenants and which was regarded a Dalit-Kurmi-OBC belt, ditched Behenji in favour of SP. The mandate was quite the same in Bundelkhand, where BSP has had to concede space to the BJP which opened its account by winning three seats. Here, the Uma Bharti factor seems to h a v e worked for the BJP.In central UP- Avadh Pradesh-too, SP has bagged a majority of seats, mainly from the BSP. Paschim Pradesh, or Western UP, long regarded as a traditional Congress and RLD bastion, is however the only region where the BSP appears to have posted a modest performance. Of the 136 odd assembly seats in the region, BSP has breached the 35 mark, owing to large scale development near the Yamuna Expressway and the Jewar regions. Rashtriya Lok Dal, on the other hand, which views large swathes of this region as its strongholds, performed disappointingly, its tally dipping from 10 in 2007 to 9 this year. If the trends in voting can be attributed to 'anti-incumbency', SP appears the have wrested the maximum numbers as a result. In 2007, the BSP had made major incursions into areas that were SP strongholds.In the first phase, for example - in the southwest region -the BSP won as many as 33 seats last time. This time, however, SP has sprung back, winning back what it lost and then adding some, finishing with more than 58 seats in the region. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172707", "title": "Pasupathy opts for Mollywood!", "text": "The actor will essay two varied roles in his Malayalam releasesWhile he's still receiving praise for his work in a recently-released Tamil film, Kollywood actor Pasupathy has moved on and is looking forward to what the audience thinks about his two Malayalam films. The actor will be seen in M A Nishad's No 66 Madurai Bus alongside Padmapriya and Shweta Menon; and Premlal's Outsider with Sreenivasan and Indrajith.In No 66 Madurai Bus, Pasupathy plays the lead as a convict trying to reclaim his life; while in Outsider, his role is that of the villain who tries to control another man's life.Of the challenges involved in being part of so many south Indian film industries, Pasupathy says, \"Knowing the language is extremely important as it prevents you from misbehaving with your character. Instead, it gives you control over the emotions that you are required to portray.\" Visibly thrilled about being a part of Mollywood, Pasupathy says, \"I was impressed with the script and narration of the stories.\"The actor also happens to be one of the few actors to have shared screenspace with both of Kollywood's screen icons Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan. \"Kamal sir is a perfectionist. He is involved in every aspect of filmmaking. Rajini sir is more reserved and composed. Though he is keen and perceptive, he hardly shows it,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168803", "title": "Private nurses to take protest to the streets", "text": "CHENNAI: A week after they launched a strike demanding better wages and work conditions, private hospital nurses will take their protest beyond the hospital premises on Wednesday. The nurses coordination panel said they would hold a sit-in protest in front of the Memorial Hall near the Chennai Central station.Accepting a monthly package of 12,000 for entry-level staff, nurses of Madras Medical Mission called off the stir on Monday night. But their counterparts in Apollo Hospitals and Fortis Malar are planning to garner public support through campaigns away from the hospitals.After the nurses were not given permission to protest on the hospital campuses, nurses said they were forced to take the campaign to the streets, literally. \"Yesterday they stopped us from using toilets and ATMs on the campus; today they stopped us at the gate. We will be organizing a series of protests in different parts of the city,\" said a female nurse leading the protest.They would also conduct free medical camps. \"We will visit public places and offer medical camps where we will also try to get support for our campaign. All we ask for is a decent salary,\" said a nurse.Nurses of Madras Medical Mission agreed to a gross salary of 12,000 for entry-level staff at a negotiation held at the labour commissioner's office late on Monday night. Apollo and Fortis nurses refused to accept the package citing the medical standards and international accreditations of their employers.Besides different organisations in the medical sector, CPM on Tuesday declared its support to the striking nurses. The district labour commissioner has called the hospitals and nurses for another round of negotiations on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12168212", "title": "CPI fails to make a mark in state", "text": "IMPHAL: The CPI has failed to open its account in the 10th Manipur assembly despite fielding 24 candidates in the recent polls. Prominent losers of the Left party include senior minister Ph Parijat and legislator N Manipur, chairman of Manidco, a state government undertaking unit. Though the party won in four seats in the 2007 polls, one person passed away recently while the others joined the Trinamool Congress.Incidentally, the Left party that ruled together with the Congress for 10 years under the coalition Secular Progressive Front (SPF) government, had parted ways with the Congress on February 29, citing people's loss of faith in the government.It immediately joined the People's Democratic Alliance (PDA), the opposition pre-poll alliance formed by all non-Congress parties with the primary target to form the next government .The stunning move categorically forced the two parties go in opposite directions.Congress candidate and former minister Ksh Biren defeated Parijat in Lamlai constituency in Imphal East. In Kumbi constituency of Bishenpur district , Congress again pushed down Mangi Singh.State unit CPI secretary M Nara Singh, who is also the spokesperson of the alliance, said the loss of the party and the alliance is the result of mounting money power indulged by the ruling Congress. \"There are always ups and downs in politics and the primary reason for our defeat is large-scale indulgence of money power by the ruling party. The true essence of the democratic process will prevail in the country only when the electoral system is changed,\" said Nara.Sadly, Nara lost in Wangjing Tentha constituency in Thoubal constituency. Another state unit CPI leader Langol Iboyaima said all is not lost for the party as a damage control exercise would be done.\"Yes, we accept our great loss. It is too early to comment on how our candidates bite the dust. We will do a constituency wise assessment on the matter. After knowing the ground realities, we will revamp our party structure to serve society,\" said Iboyaima.Pradesh Congress Committee president Gaikhangam , who instantaneously reacted to the stunning move of the CPI, had said the Congress could not stop them (CPI) from taking their decision to withdraw from SPF.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170135", "title": "Four die in accident near Daund on Pune-Solapur Road", "text": "PUNE: Four people were killed after the SUV (sports utility vehicle) in which they were travelling collided head-on with a container at Khadki village near Daund on the Pune-Solapur highway on Tuesday.The Daund police have identified the dead as Balasaheb Chavan (50), Dasharath Kadam (57) and Vijay Shinde (30), all from Lavang village in Malshiras taluka, Solapur district, and Motilal Purohit (53) of Akluj in Solapur district.The driver of the container fled after the accident.Police sub-inspector Tushar Patil of the Daund police station said the SUV was heading towards Pune and the container was going towards Solapur. \"The vehicles collided at Khadki village and all SUV passengers, including the driver, Shinde, were killed,\" he said. \"It took us an hour to remove the bodies from the mangled SUV,\" he added.The police had to use a crane to remove the vehicles from the highway. \"We suspect both vehicles were travelling very fast,\" Patil said.He said the police have registered an accident case. \"We are searching for the driver of the container,\" he added.The accident caused traffic congestion on the Pune-Solapur highway for two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12170139", "title": "Traffic cops, transport department to join forces", "text": "MOHALI: In order to curb the problem of overloaded school autorickshaws and buses in the district, the transport department and traffic police have decided to launch a joint crackdown against defaulters.The transport department has already expressed its inability to launch a drive against erring autorickshaw and bus drivers citing staff crunch as the reason at a meeting with senior administrative officials.DTO Sukhwinder Singh said, \"Without the support from traffic police it is difficult to launch a crackdown against such autorickshaw and bus drivers, which are usually violating rules and regulation.\" He said the department had only a staff of eight and the challan drive was always launched under his supervision.The transport departments had challaned 30 school buses and of them 11 buses were impounded for various violations, including overloading and not wearing proper uniform by drivers.While, the transport department has managed to challan only 60 vehicles, traffic police have challaned a total 120 school vehicles for overcrowding. Of these, 80 school buses were released after completing all formalities while 22 school autorickshaws are still in the custody of the traffic police as the drivers failed to furnish relevant documents.DSP (traffic) Saravjit Kaur said, \"The point of joint operation is in my knowledge and work on it will started after election and Holla Mohalla celebration duties.\"Though the drive against school buses was initially for the city, a joint operation against erring bus drivers will be launched across the district including rural areas like Derabassi and Zirakpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168281", "title": "Kala-azar drugs not available in Bihar hospitals, says health minister", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Tuesday admitted that kala-azar drugs are not available in state hospitals for the last six months. Health minister Ashwini Kumar Chaubey said the state government is not empowered to buy kala-azar drugs on its own.Replying to a question of Nawal Kishore Yadav of the RJD in the legislative council, the minister said: \"We have made repeated requests to the Centre to allow us to buy kala-azar drugs. Even the principal secretary had gone to Delhi to discuss the issue but no progress could be made in this regard till date.\"The Centre makes kala-azar drugs available to states as a part of the national health initiative. No state has been authorized by the Centre to buy kala-azar drugs on its own.\" As a result, we are not having such drugs for the last six months,\" the minister said.\"We are trying our best to negotiate with the Centre for making such drugs available to the state\", he added.Chaubey said the number of patients suffering from kala-azar and malaria has declined in recent years. As many as 76 people died of kala-azar in Bihar since 2007. In 2007, 172 kala-azar patients died in the state while in 2010, the number decreased to 80.In 2011, 76 people died of the disease, he said.The number of malarial deaths, too, has gone down in recent times. In 2009, 21 patients died of malaria while in 2011, the figure stood at zero, the minister said. He added that in Kauwakol block of Nawada district, the number of malarial patients was found to be the highest.In 2011, as many as 542 people from Kauwakol block were reported to have been afflicted by the disease.. The minister said the state government has lodged FIRs against seven pharmaceutical firms for selling fake drugs. Replying to a question of Sanjay Prasad of the RJD, Chaubey said the government is committed to checking sale and purchase of fake drugs in the state. \"We regularly conduct raids on various pharmacies to prevent sale of fake drugs,\" he said.He said drug samples of R S Pharma, Bhawani Palace, Govind Mitra Road and Shiv Shakti Enterprises, Narayan Palace, first floor, Beni Madhav Lane, Govind Mitra Road, have already been sent for laboratory tests. \"An FIR has been lodged against the manufacturer of the A2Z drop and syrup (multi-vitamin) which comes under the category of food items,\" he said.To another question, the health minister said the state government has set up common biomedical waste treatment facilities at three medical colleges in Patna, Bhagalpur and Muzaffarpur. Replying to a question of Kiran Ghai Sinha (BJP), the minister said one such waste treatment facility would be set up at the Gaya Medical College soon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "prosenjit chatterjee and richa gangopadhyay starrer, which was earlier titled \" moha shotru\", has now been changed to \"bikram singha", "code": "12172168", "title": "Prosenjit's film title changed once again", "text": "Prosenjit Chatterjee and Richa Gangopadhyay starrer, which was earlier titled \" Moha Shotru\", has now been changed to \"Bikram Singha: The Lion Is Back\".The unit of Rajib's film had been fighting over the title for the past two-three months. \"Shotru 2\", \"Bandemataram\", \"Protibad\", \"Avatar\" - different titles were thrown up - but the unit zeroed in on \"Moha Shotru\". \"We wanted a unique name since the film will see Prosenjit's comeback to commercial cinema after three years. But after finalizing \"Moha Shotru\", we posted the title on the social networking site and urged the audience to react. Sadly, the feedback wasn't positive. They suggested that since the film revolves around Bikram Singha, his name should feature in the title. And so, this change,\" informed Himanshu Dhanuka from the production house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12168632", "title": "Man hurls shoe at Sushanta in court", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Former CPM minister Sushanta Ghosh became the latest politician to be attacked with a shoe on Tuesday.It was hurled at his face moments after he stepped down from a Midnapore court where he is facing trial for his alleged role in the Garbeta skeleton case. Police arrested the assaulter, around 38 years old, not before a prolonged court-room drama before the forth additional district and sessions judge Abhijit Som.The incident took place around 2.35 pm when Ghosh had emerged out of the court room after his trial proceedings got over for the day. He was stepping down the stairs, headed for the waiting mediapersons. Suddenly, a leather shoe hit him on the face taking all - including police - by surprise.Ghosh's lawyer Rana Ganguly was the first to react - promptly escorting Ghosh to his car and grappling the attacker and dragging him into the courtroom. Others, mostly lawyers, followed them inside. Defence lawyers - and later even a Garbeta CPM leader - tried to slap the attacker but were stopped by other lawyers. Amid this bedlam, the judge left his seat and headed for his chambers. Later, when Ganguly complained to the judge on Ghosh being attacked, he was directed to file a complaint. Ghosh later complained to police.The assaulter, Shyamapada Kundu, is a resident of Garbeta's Amlagora village. He claims to have been tortured for years for speaking up against the CPM. He claimed he had to be hospitalised no less than six times after being assaulted by CPM men. But for him, the worst happened when he couldn't get his two sons (Balaram, 15, and Bikram, 14) admitted to the local Banerjeedanga High School, reportedly under the instructions of Ghosh and other CPM leaders, Tapan Ghosh and Sukur Ali. He had written this in a white sheet and brought it along with him. Deputy SP (administration) P K Chakraborty said: \"We were unprepared for this. The police arrangement was high in any case. The person has been arrested and is being interrogated.\" Police have slapped Kundu with bailable charges of wrongful restraint (341 IPC) and simple assault (323 IPC).Ghosh later told reporters: \"I had been repeatedly asking for personal security. However, this government will not provide one.\"CPM state secretary Biman Bose alleged that \"Trinamool Congress-backed goons\" were responsible for the incident. \"Sushanta hasn't even been provided with the kind of security an MLA can enjoy. We condemn the incident and demand that the culprits be arrested,\" he said.Ghosh's advocate Pradip Mukherjee said: \"While Ghosh was being escorted to Midnapore court, there were protesters in the garb of skeletons all along the road. We immediately asked for more police protection. Had our request been heeded, this incident could have been averted. We will keep a tab on police investigations and if it is not to satisfaction, we may move court for redress.\"The Deputy SP said adequate police arrangements were made. \"The assaulter took us by surprise,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168930", "title": "Rs 32 lakh cash seized so far in Sankarankoil ahead of bypoll", "text": "CHENNAI: The trend of money politics, witnessed during the 2011 Assembly elections, has been evident in the Sankarankoil assembly constituency ahead of the March 18 bypoll.Since the announcement of the bypoll schedule, the Election Commission has made several seizures, including cash and gift articles, meant for voters on a regular basis and so far 32 lakh has been seized in the constituency.Tamil Nadu chief electoral officer Praveen Kumar said, \"During the 2011 assembly elections, the EC seized nearly 60 crore across 234 constituencies. So far, in Sankarankoil assembly constituency, the EC has seized 32 lakh. Thus there doesn't appear to be any change in money politics in elections in the state.\"The EC claimed it is yet to identify the political party, which was attempting to distribute the money. \"In many cases, we were able to seize a considerable amount of money. But we were unable to find out the party responsible. Soon after the seizure, we handed over the investigation to the income tax department,\" Praveen Kumar said.As in the general elections, the EC is planning to involve the Tirunelveli collector and other district officials to launch a campaign to educate voters to shun fear and against receiving bribes. The campaign trail will reach feverish pitch when DMK chief M Karunanidhi and AIADMK supmremo J Jayalalithaa are set to visit the constituency on March 14 and 15 respectively. \"More flying squads will be deployed in the constituency in the coming days to prevent any malpractice,\" said Praveen Kumar.Meanwhile, the district election officer and collector R Selvaraj on Tuesday said no party agent will be allowed to move out of the polling booth on March 18 after 3pm. This is to prevent any malpractice in the final stages of polling, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169278", "title": "Landlords to submit information of migrant tenants to police within sixty days", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after landlords in the industrial town of Tirupur were directed by district authorities to submit details of their migrant tenants along with photographs at the nearest police station, the district administration in Coimbatore has started a similar effort.District Collector M Karunagaran has issued an order on Tuesday directing landlords to submit details of their tenants and their family members to the respective police station within 60 days. The order is applicable to all landlords who provide accommodation to people from other states and other parts of Tamil Nadu.\"A form will be uploaded on the district administration website by Wednesday morning and it can be downloaded by all landlords in the district. It can also be picked up from the local police station. The landlord should collect the tenant's photograph, permanent addresses and mobile numbers which they must submit along with the completed form,\" said Karunagaran.When compared to the rest of Tamil Nadu , a large number of migrant labourers work in Tirupur and Coimbatore districts. The details collected will be compiled and a data base will be prepared.Such a move was necessitated following the burglary where a six member gang decamped with 38 kg of gold jewels from Alukkas Jewellery in Tirupur on February 20. Following a police request, Tirupur Collector M Mathivanan had invoked section 144 of CrPC from February 5 making it mandatory for landlords to share details of tenants with police. Likewise, the Coimbatore city and rural police have requested district collector Karunagaran to impose the order under section 144 CrPC. If the landlord fails to provide the information within 60 days, he will be booked under section 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) of Indian Penal Code, said Karunagarn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12173138", "title": "Proceedings hit as lawyers boycott court", "text": "BELGAUM: The sudden decision by Belgaum advocates to boycott court proceedings landed hundreds of litigants in trouble who came here from different parts of the state.Advocates assembled in the court premises on Tuesday morning and took the decision of boycotting the proceedings, following instructions by the state Bar Association.Belgaum court is the second biggest in the state after Bangalore with around 11 district-level courts and 15 taluk courts coming under its jurisdiction. Hundreds of hearings are conducted here every day.The court premise was packed with advocates and litigants in the morning. Nagappa Gangappa Hukkeri from Ankalagi, who lost his one leg in the accident, speaking to the TOI said, \"I had evidence today in my accident case. My advocate called me in the morning and asked to attend the court without fail. But now he said there will be no hearing and that he will let me know the next date.\" Nagappa has not yet recovered from the accident trauma and it is a strenuous journey for him to go back without attending the proceedings.Another litigant Kanchana Patil said that, she along with four people had a hearing in a civil dispute case on the day, for which they arranged a special vehicle from Khanapur. \"But, we have to return now without attending hearing because of advocates' strike. It's really unaffordable for to spend so much money on travelling for a single hearing,\" she said.The Advocates Association decided to hold a district-level protest rally in Belgaum on Wednesday. Advocates from all taluks of the district will assemble at the Bogarves from where protest rally begins in the morning. Rally will conclude in the court premises after passing through Kirloskar Road, Ramdev Galli, Khade Bazar, Central bus stand and Sangolli Rayanna Circle.A G Mulwadmath, president of the Belgaum Bar Association said handbills will be distributed to the public during protest rally ascertaining the advocates' stand. Besides, posters and banners have been prepared for the same purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12168079", "title": "This Holi, say no to dry colours to prevent asthma", "text": "INDORE: The dusty, dry colours you play with during the Holi festival can cause asthma, warn city doctors. They advise revellers to use such colours with precautions. They claim that the number of asthma cases surge by at least 25 per cent in the city alone.\"The revellers must try and cautiously play with dry colours as they stand the chance of suffering from asthma,\" a physician Dr Prafful Dubey said. He, along with Dr Priyanka Jain, has been educating people about the ill-effects of dry colours under a campaign \"breathe free.\"Indoreans are equally exposed to asthma threat during a day-long traditional Gair festival. Gair, on a par with Holi, is celebrated five days after the main festival in the city.\"Large quantity of dry colours in the air increases the number of suspended particles in atmosphere. These particles enter lungs and cause breathing problems,\" Dr Dubey said, adding that one need to take precautions and cover mouth while participating in the Gair celebrations. It could be harmful even for those who have overcome asthma.He further stated that according to the World Health Organisation (WHO) data, India has around 30 million asthma patients, which is 10 per cent of the total global population which suffers from asthma. The biggest sufferers are children. \"The recent survey has shown that incidents of asthma among children have doubled in the last decade mainly because of changing atmosphere and high-level of dust particles in the air,\" Dr Dubey said.Child specialist Dr Priyaka Jain said an asthmatic can lead a normal life only if they take timely treatment. \"We need to create awareness about the disease as many a time people do not understand the symptoms of asthma,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12169682", "title": "Practice makes your physics perfect", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dedicating 21 hours in a week to physics, Deepesh Oatwani is confident of scoring at least 95 marks in the board exams. He has already completed two revisions and is about to complete the third.This class XII student of Sakar School had scored 91 marks in his last exam and now his target is quite achievable. Practical approach of the subject fascinates Deepesh, who firmly believes in keeping all the formulae on his fingertips. He acknowledges that physics is one subject which cannot be prepared in a short-term module, and that one needs to study it daily all through the year to score good marks. \"My preparation started from Day 1 itself,\" Deepesh says. \"This is the reason perhaps that my basics are clear, my theory is perfect and I have mastery over derivations and formulas.\"He is now focusing on quantum mechanics , a chapter he finds very difficult to understand. He says, \"This topic has cent per cent theory and is far above my level. I have studied this chapter many times and I ensure that I revise it least once every week.\" However, he has already mastered other topics including optics, electronics and communication.When it comes to a study plan, Deepesh strictly follows a time-table and tries his best not to break his schedule. \"My time-table is slightly different, I set a target of three-four chapters and make it a point to complete it,\" he says. \"Then I move on to other targets as per my time-table.\"He adds, \"To end boredom and monotony, I study one subject in a day and have planned a proper rotation of all subjects.\" For physics, the mantra that brings marks according to him is to understand concepts and revise derivations and practise numericals.Pointing out that relaxation is the most important part of exams, Deepesh gives vent to his study stress by watching comedy serials on television. Deepesh is now in the final phase of his third revision and is attempting mock papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12169458", "title": "It may rain this afternoon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Devotees who throng the Attukal temple premises and the city on Wednesday to offer pongala, get ready to brave the elements. There is a fair chance that the rain god will bless the gathering. The meteorology department predicts thundershowers.\"Isolated thundershowers or rainfall accompanied by thunder and lightning can be expected after 12 noon in the city and other coastal districts of the state,\" said meteorology department director K Santhosh. The rains will also come in as a relief for the devotees from the scorching summer heat.\"However, the devotees can be assured that the thundershowers may not be so intense in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam and Kochi on Wednesday afternoon,\" he added. The maximum temperature in the city on Wednesday would be 34 degree Celsius and the minimum temperature, 24 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12170077", "title": "3 Cuttack Municipal Corporation staffers held for fake appointments", "text": "CUTTACK: Three employees of Cuttack Municipal Corporation were arrested by the Crime Branch on Tuesday in connection with fake appointments in the corporation. Sanitary officer of CMC Kedarnath Behera, dealing assistant Braja Kishore Rout and ex-sanitary officer Pravakar Mishra were produced in court.It was alleged that 146 fake appointments were made by the CMC without government approval while another 141 employees were recruited by a non-existent selection committee. A PIL was filed in the Orissa High Court seeking inquiry into the matter in 2008.Adjudicating over the PIL, the High Court had asked the Crime Branch to probe into details of the allegation and to determine the extent of fake appointments in the Corporation. The investigating agency since then is probing the case. \"Three CMC employees were arrested in the matter on Tuesday, but more arrests will take place in the case very soon,\" a crime branch official said.The former sarpanch of Simulia panchayat samiti in Balasore district, Prashanta Samal, was also found involved in the fake appointment racket. Samal was allegedly drawing salary as a drain gang staff of CMC without any valid appointment nor reporting to duty since mid-1990's. He had not stopped taking salary from the Corporation even after being elected sarpanch. Later in 2009, state government had found the truth in the allegations and had dismissed Samal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168901", "title": "Jayalalithaa writes to PM on Lankan resolution", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh again on Tuesday, to support the United States-backed resolution in the United Nation Human Rights Council and condemn the Sri Lanka government.In her letter, Jayalalithaa cited media reports suggesting that India was against the \"country specific\" resolution and wanted to take up discussions only under Universal Periodic Review as a routine matter.\"This means direct support to the Sri Lanka government, which is most unfortunate and untenable,\" she said, reiterating her earlier request for the Centre's support and urging for a positive response. She said she was dismayed by the PM's lack of response to her earlier letter.The CM recalled the resolution passed by the state legislative assembly last year, urging the centre to take up the issue of war crimes with the United Nations. The resolution demanded those found guilty of war crimes against Lankan Tamils be declared as war criminals, besides initiating action for imposition of an economic embargo on the Lankan government, until the Tamils were resettled and rehabilitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12168480", "title": "Yeddyurappa, family not spared too", "text": "It was former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's turn to face the ire of advocates at the City Civil Court on Tuesday. A group of advocates abused the former CM when he and his sons BY Raghavendra and BY Vijayendra, son-in-law RN Sohan Kumar and former minister Ess Enn Krisshnaiah Setty went to the special Lokayukta court. Senior police officials had to rush to court to provide more security and escort the former CM.Yeddyurappa and the others had to be present in court after judge NK Sudhindra Rao issued non-bailable warrants against them on Monday, directing police to produce them on or before March 24. The four are facing charges of alleged illegal denotification of government land for pecuniary benefits.Yeddyurappa, his lawyer and others went to court at 10.45am. With lawyers boycotting proceedings on Tuesday too, a group of advocates objected to the former CM's advocate attending court. They also asked the judge not to conduct proceedings.The upset judge told the group to leave the courtroom and threatened to send them to judicial custody. He asked Lokayukta police to identify the advocates so that he can take action against them. Realizing that they are in trouble, the group shifted base. The judge then asked the accused to sit in the courtroom, accepted their applications citing reasons for their absence on Monday, and granted them bail.By this time, additional commissioner of police (law and order) T Suneel Kumar rushed to court with more security and escorted the former CM out of the court. But advocates who had gathered outside reportedly abused Yeddyurappa and blamed him for the arrest of Bangalore Advocates' Association general secretary AP Ranganath, a JD(S) supporter.\"There was chaos when the former CM went to court. We had to intervene and escort him out,'' Suneel Kumar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167690", "title": "Now, \u2018Khushboo Gujarat Ki\u2019 in Delhi metro", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Khusbhoo Gujarat Ki, the advertisement campaign featuring superstar Amitabh Bachchan will change the face of one of the Delhi metro trains for a period of three months.Gujarat tourism department has signed a contract to brand one Delhi metro train for a period of three months with advertisement Khushboo Gujarat Ki. The train would feature the advertisement on outside and inside the train. It will be flagged off from New Delhi station on Wednesday by Sanjay Kaul, managing director, Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Ltd (TCGL) and Vipul Mittra, principal secretary tourism. The branding in the train will help TCGL to promote the state through Delhi, the national capital. The train would be painted with the still shoots of Amitabh in a jeep with lions around, offering his prayers in Dwarka and Somnath, and even his visit to Gandhi Ashram and Porbandar.\"The department has selected the premier route that is New Delhi railway station to airport. This route not only caters to international and national tourists but also passes through the elite areas of the capital. This is the first time that a complete train has been wrapped with advertisement of a state tourism department,\" said Vipul Mitra.A TCGL official said that earlier it was decided that the superstar Bachchan himself would flag off the train. It was decided when he visited the state in January, but due to his health issues, TCGL officials will now flag off the train. Officials said that with the Lonely Planet endorsement coupled with the PATA award, Gujarat is fast emerging as one of the most exciting tourism destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168278", "title": "Sale of MHT-CET forms to begin on March 19", "text": "NAGPUR: The Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) will commence sale of application forms for Maharashtra Health and Technology Common Entrance Examination (MHT-CET) on March 19. Forms will be sold till March 31. The exam would be conducted on May 10.DMER is a competent authority for the test which annually draws over two lakh engineering, medical and pharmacy degree aspirants from Maharashtra and other states. Over 1.10 lakh engineering seats, 7,000 medical and 8,345 pharmacy seats are up for grabs.DMER officials said, the sale and submission of application forms and information brochure would be done through respective schools and junior colleges. For outside Maharashtra candidates (OMS), it would be available at the offices of divisional authorities in every district. The form and brochure would be available for Rs 700 for general and OMS candidates while it would be provided for Rs 500 for those belonging to reserve category.Dean of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) at Hanuman Nagar is the divisional authority for Nagpur, Wardha, Bhandara, Gondia, Chandrapur and Gadchiroli districts. Akola Government Medical College dean is the divisional authority for Amravati division consisting of five districts - Yavatmal, Akola, Amravati, Washim and Buldhana.Candidates clearing this exam can take admission to government or municipal corporation, aided and unaided colleges for health science courses. Similarly, candidates can become eligible for admission to government, aided, university managed colleges and departments, autonomous colleges, including Institute of Chemical Technology, Mumbai, and unaided private colleges of engineering and pharmacy courses. The admission of bachelor of veterinary sciences and animal husbandry (BVSc and AH) would also be done on MHT-CET scores.The government has appointed separate authorities for selection purpose.While DMER is for health science courses, DTE will look after engineering and pharmacy courses. For BVSc and AH courses, registrar of Maharashtra Animal and Fisheries Sciences University (Mafsu) of Nagpur would be the admission authority.Helpline numbersFor engineering &amp; pharmacy courses - (022) 30233-444/445/446For health science courses - (022) 22620363/64 (Ext.317/323), 22652257/59", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12169018", "title": "Noida homebuyers fear SP may junk Mayawati projects", "text": "NOIDA: Noida, a destination of affordable housing and infrastructure, is keeping its fingers crossed on the return of Mulayam Singh Yadav. Will the SP chief's policies and his need to kill Brand Mayawati seal its fate? Or will Akhilesh be a sobering influence? Residents recall how in 2004, Mulayam had dissolved the district and stalled many projects, leading to clashes.The outlook on infrastructure projects is grim too. Yamuna Expressway is ready but with toll, speed and security undecided, it's a non-starter. And the townships planned along the expressway may just remain on paper. The builders of the expressway, Jaiprakash Associates Ltd, must be particularly worried because of their proximity to the BSP chief.In 2004, the SP government had disbanded the district and stalled various projects, thereby slowing down the pace of development. With the party back in power, residents of Noida and Greater Noida are in a quandary regarding the future of these projects.\"The progressive outlook of SP scion Akhilesh Yadav has made us optimistic that developmental work will continue,\" said Vikram Kasana, president, Evergreen Federation of RWAs, Greater Noida. \"However, given the SP's past record, things seem bleak,\" Kasana added.Noida residents are even less upbeat about the SP storming to power. \"The party had given a bad name to Noida the last time it ruled the state. Though it may claim to be back in a new avatar, we aren't sure how things will pan out,\" said N P Singh, president, Federation of Noida RWAs.Besides the Rs 11,000-crore Yamuna Expressway project, other ambitious projects initiated by the BSP include the extension of Delhi Metro routes to Greater Noida and Noida Extension. The Metro line which is already functional till City Center in Sector 32 is to be extended till Sector 62. A 3.9 km route has been proposed between Botanical Garden in Noida and Kalindi Kunj. The cost of the Metro projects stands at Rs 11,000 crore.In January 2010, a helipad was proposed to be constructed in Sector 128 but only the project site has been finalized till now. Work on Noida City Center - being developed on a multiple land use model across sectors 32 and 25 A - began last year after prolonged delay. The Center will boast of hospitals, banks, entertainment spaces and IT offices.The fate of the first elevated road, which will run above the Shahdara drain, also remains uncertain. The plan was approved in May 2011. The BSP government had also given the go-ahead to Ganga water projects in Noida and Greater Noida, estimated to cost around Rs 500 crore. The construction of three underpasses, scheduled to start in December 2011, is yet to begin. The upgradation of the Bodaki railway station at a cost of Rs 130 crore has also been stalled. The 400 MW power project of Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), estimated at Rs 2000 crore, was awaiting environmental clearance from the state government when elections were declared.Entrepreneurs are also apprehensive about the future of industrial development in the district. \"I hope the new government will be more enthusiastic about industrial development and improve the law and order situation,\" said Vipin Malhan, president, Noida Entrepreneurs' Association.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12170021", "title": "Naveen moves Centre for more medical seats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Tuesday met Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in New Delhi and requested him for an increase in MBBS seats in the three government medical colleges in the state.The three colleges have 150 seats each at the entry level, which the government wants to raise to 250. The chief minister also requested Azad for upgradation of the three colleges to AIIMS-like Institutions under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY) along with sanction of Rs 432 crore for the purpose.Azad assured to consider Odisha's demand, but hinted at the precondition of meeting the infrastructure and faculty strength. \"We have no problem in allowing increase in seats, but there are certain requirements like infrastructure and faculty strength,\" the Union health minister said adding \"the Centre has always been in favour of adding more seats to colleges.\"The state government's stand has been that of increase in MBBS seats would help in making more doctors, which would go a long way in meeting the state's healthcare needs. The government's intention, however, has not been reflected in action. Beside the acute shortage of doctors in hospitals, the shoddy infrastructure and staff deficiencies in medical colleges have always been questioned by the Medical Council of India (MCI) while according recognition. The MCI is the national nodal agency to approve the seat strength in any medical college in the country, be in government or private sector.Senior officials in the health department here confided that there had been large number of vacancies existing in VSS Medical College, Burla and MKCG Medical College, Berhampur. The VSS Medical College has more than 70 posts vacant as against the sanctioned faculty strength of around 240. Similarly, in case of the MKCG, there are over 50 vacancies as against the similar approved faculty strength. Considering the deficiencies in faculties and infrastructure, the MCI has since been giving temporary recognition to the MBBS courses in these two government colleges. \"The situation is better in SCB medical college but it is not completely free from staff and infrastructure shortages,\" said an official.The three medical colleges are the lifelines of people in Odisha, over 65% of whom live below poverty line (BPL) and depend on them for treatment. \"There are certain units like dialysis facility in VSS medical college as good as defunct,\" said the official. He admitted shortage of doctors have seriously affected treatment in the medical colleges as well. \"There are not even sufficient beds available in the hospitals. Anytime one can see patients lying in the corridors and floors,\" the official said. Sources said, ahead of every MCI team visit for inspection the government transfers host of doctors from other medical colleges ostensibly to show the required strength. Last week's transfer of more than 10 doctors from SCB to VSS is seen as an attempt to impress the MCI inspection team due for visit in the next two months. A senior official however described the transfers as 'routine'.The chief minister also requested Azad to establish a National Cancer Institute at Bhubaneswar and a Regional Geriatric Centre at SCB Medical College, Cuttack. He said the state has already identified 20 acres of land for setting up of the Central Research Institute of Yoga and Naturopathy. Accordingly, the Centre may sanction the required funds to enable early establishment of the institute along with 100-bed hospital.The chief minister drew the attention of the Union minister to the directions recently issued by the Centre to the state to restrict to one mobile medical unit per district. He mentioned that such a move will affect the outreach of medical care to over 2.8 million people residing in tribal and inaccessible areas of the state.He said that the state has identified an alternative site for establishment of a Regional Institute of Paramedical Sciences at Bhubaneswar for which the Centre may sanction funds forming part of Central share component. He said Odisha had launched the 'Odisha State Treatment Fund' in December, 2011 and released an amount of Rs 10 crore in favour of the Fund Society. He requested that the Central Government may also release its share of Rs 5 crore to the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169690", "title": "118-wagon rake plan on track", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) will run a 'Maruti' train-two freight trains merged into one unit-for the first time from Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) to ensure clear path for suburban services, which are delayed because of the presence of goods trains.In January, CR officials decided not to direct goods trains between CST and Kalyan before 10pm to ensure punctuality of suburban trains. The Railway Board had to intervene in the matter to ensure running of goods trains during peak hours, after the MbPT administration claimed that there was delay in ensuring timely delivery of freight due to the CR restriction. \"We do not want to roll back our decision to restrict goods trains during peak hours, since it can impact suburban services,\" a senior CR official said.\"If a goods train halts for more than three minutes it can hold up 20 suburban services. Hence, we are experimenting with the alternative system to ensure a balance between freight and suburban services by introducing Maruti trains.\" A trial run of a Maruti train was conducted on the intervening night of March 6 and 7 to transport coal to Bhusaal and Nashik. The train that has a length of 1.4km will have 118 wagons (59+59) and two electric and diesel engines. CR also runs one such service from Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust .CR can run five goods trains in a day to and fro between MbPT and other destinations. \"Maruti trains will ensure that there are fewer goods trains on the tracks, however, it will increase payload of freight,\" a CR official said. Usually, six to seven goods trains run on the city rail network. The maximum speed of freight trains is 65kmph, while that of suburban trains is 80kmph, this slows down rail services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "12169440", "title": "BSP gets drubbing in dalit bastion", "text": "FAIZABAD: Bahujan Samaj Party got a severe drubbing in Ambedkarnagar, a dalit bastion from where she won the Lok Sabha election thrice. In 2007, BSP had won all five seats here with huge margins and three MLAs from here were heavyweight ministers in the Mayawati government.In Katehri, state finance minister Lalji Varma lost to Shankh Laal Manjhi of SP by a margin of 17,000 votes. Another BSP MLA from Alapur, Tribhuvan Dutt, lost to Bhim Prasad Sonkar of SP by 30,000 votes. On Akbarpur seat, sitting MLA and transport minister Ram Achal Rajbhar's son Sanjay Rajbhar lost to SP's Ram Murti Varma by about 26,000 votes.On Jalalpur seat, BSP candidate Ritesh Pandey, son of liquor baron and BSP MP Rakesh Pandey, lost to Sher Bahadur Singh of SP. Singh won by a margin of 13,000 votes.Tanda, the Muslim dominated constituency of weavers, too reposed faith in the Samajwadi Party. Azimul Haq of SP defeated Vishal Varma of BSP by 27,000 votes. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12167959", "title": "Tendu contractors to be fined for forest fires", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking a foot backward, Maharashtra has relaxed the stringent condition of forfeiting earnest money deposit (EMD) of tendu contractors in the advent of forest fires, but will impose a fine if fires occur in tendu units.Over 450 contractors from Maharashtra and neighbouring states like Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh had boycotted the tendu auctions in the state on January 30 protesting against the harsh condition that if fired spread in beyond one hectare in a tendu unit sold to the bidder/licensee, the said auction will be cancelled immediately and no compensation will be paid to the licencee. Besides, EMD will be forfeited. For the first time in the state there will be e-auction for tendu units.On February 4, 2012 a meeting between the state government and contractors was held in Mumbai to end the impasse. Accordingly, on March 2 the government has issued a notification making certain changes in the condition.Speaking to TOI, Ramanuj Choudhary, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for non-timber forest produce (NTFP), monitoring and evaluation, said tendu contractors will have to play a pro-active role now.\"After their tender is accepted they will have to prepare an action plan to prevent forest fires in coordination with respective deputy conservators (DyCFs). They will have to appoint a team of 5 men to protect forests from fires,\" Choudhary said.The APCCF said the contractors will have to publicise that forest fires don't help in better tendu yield as is the myth. Publicity is to be made by displaying posters and distributing handbills in villages and through gram sabha meetings. \"The forest department will also take all possible efforts to prevent fires,\" he added. There is plan to collect over 7.16 lakh standard bags this year from sale of 463 units.Choudhary said the contractors will now have to produce a certificate from the deputy conservators that they took enough efforts to prevent forest fires - even if fires had occurred in their tendu units. Cancellation of tendu auction or forfeiting of EMD will depend on certification by the respective DFOs.Choudhary said if 5% of the tendu unit area is burnt, it will imply a fine of Rs 5,000 per hectare; Rs 10,000 per hectare for fire in 5 to 10% area and fires above 10% will imply a fine of Rs 20,000 per hectare.The deputy conservators have been told to prepare a list of villages where forest fires have been recorded in more than one hectare area before the start of tendu auction process. In such villages, tendu collection will not be done and hence wages and bonus will not be paid.\"All the forest officials concerned have been directed to hold meetings in villages and apprise them about the new norms,' said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170735", "title": "Finance minister may rework budget numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the past several weeks, corporate chiefs and industry chambers have been lobbying for keeping excise duty and service tax rates steady in the wake of slowing demand as the government was contemplating an increase in these rates to boost revenues. But with the assembly election results going against the Congress, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee would have more or less decided to put the proposal on hold.After all, raising prices through an increase in indirect taxes would be the last thing on the mind of the government that is on the back foot, dogged by charges of corruption and battling a perception that it has done little to tame stubborn inflation.\"If you were expecting big announcements on budget day, then you will be disappointed,\" a secretary-rank officer in an economic ministry said. While the Union Budget - containing the tax and spending proposals - is nearly ready 10 days before it is due for presentation, this year is different. Mukherjee's budget arithmetic may have to be re-worked in light of the election results, particularly after the setback in Uttar Pradesh.Faced with a widening fiscal deficit due to lower-thanexpected revenues and mounting subsidies, the government was looking at a two-pronged strategy. But now, it will merely depend on tax buoyancy and expect higher revenue receipts. Similarly, those expecting some reform measures would be disappointed as there is little likelihood of Mukherjee deregulating oil prices, not so much due to the fear of stoking inflation but because he does not want to be branded anti-poor or anti-farmer.He is, however, expected to hold back the goodies for February 2013 - a pre-poll budget. So, the demand from his party colleagues for a \"significant\" tax relief for the salaried may not come through this year. \"Our main worry is that, maybe because of political compulsions, you will see a relatively more populist budget to counter the election results,\" said Samiran Chakraborty, regional economist, Standard Chartered Bank.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12168911", "title": "Bag lifter on trains who lived a luxurious life lands in net", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 46-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday night for series of bag lifting from trains across the state. The Coimbatore railway police have seized 64 sovereigns of gold jewellerys from him.Police said R Ganeshan of Saibaba Colony in the city was initially into real estate business and later turned a bag lifter. He used to travel to Chennai and other parts of the state by various trains and booked tickets in AC coaches and general compartments. He lifted bags of other passengers in the train when they were in deep sleep. He was involved in nine bag lifting cases since 2004.\"His modus operandi was to befriend passengers and steal their bags while they were asleep,\" said a source. Using this trick, he had decamped with 64 sovereigns of gold jewels and lakhs of money from various passengers.Ganeshan lived a luxurious life in a bungalow at Saibaba Colony in the city. He owns a car and his three daughters study are college students. He had told his family members that he earned all these money from real estate business. For the last seven years, he was not caught by police.According to source, he lifted a bag which belonged to an IAS officer who kept his mobile phone inside the bag. The IAS officer lodged a complaint with Egmore railway police station.The accused used the mobile phone with new SIM card. The police tracked the mobile with the help of IMEI number and arrested him on Tuesday night. \"We have arrested Ganeshan and seized 64 sovereigns of gold jewels from him,\" said inspector M Lawrence, Coimbatore railway police station.Ganeshan was a habitual offender. He used to lift the bag of public who wait at the platforms. His way of manly behaviour attracted public and he used the chance to lift the bags.\"He was involved in nine cases in Coimbatore, Chennai and other parts of the state . He confessed that he was living a luxurious life and told his relatives also that he got the money from the real estate business,\" said Egmore railway DSP M Thillai Natarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170323", "title": "BSP no-show in eastern UP districts", "text": "VARANASI: Like other places, the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) also received a severe jolt in eastern UP districts.According to poll results in Jaunpur, Sonbhadra and Sant Ravidas (Bhadohi) district, the Samajwadi Party won the maximum seats. In Jaunpur, the SP won seven seats including Shahganj, Machhalishahr, Mariyahu, Kerakat, Badlapur, Malhani and Zafrabad. The Bharatiya Janata Party won Mungra Bandsahpur seat while the Congress won Jaunpur seat. According to poll records of 2007 assembly election, the BSP had won five seats out of 10 in Jaunpur district while SP had won three seats and BJP and JD(U) had won one seat each.In Sant Ravidas Nagar, the SP registered its victory at all the three seats, including Aurai, Gyanpur and Bhadohi. In 2007, the BSP had won two seats, Aurai and Bhadohi, while the SP had won Gyanpur seat.In Sonbhadra district, two seats, Robertsganj and newly emerged Ghorawal after delimitation, were bagged by the SP while BSP won another newly emerged seat, Obra, and an independent candidate supported by the Congress won the Dudhi seat. In 2007, both the Dudhi and Robertsganj seats were won by the BSP. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169377", "title": "Real estate prices in old city to shoot up", "text": "VADODARA: Pragnesh Patel (name changed), who is a resident of old city area, nursed dreams of living in a flat after a builder offered to construct an apartment after bringing down his house. However, his dreams crashed after the state government recently made amendments in its General Development Control Regulations (GDCR). The government changed the floor space index (FSI) from 3 to 2 for old city areas in its revised development plan for Vadodara that was released in January this year.Now, most builders are shying away from making apartments in old city areas as they won't be able to reap profits from the projects. And, residents like Patel have been left in lurch. \"With reduction of FSI in old city areas, the construction area has come down significantly. Now builders won't be able to construct more flats or floors in an apartment. Usually, the builders offer a flat to the plot's owner and make profits by selling rest of the flats,\" said a builder who operates in old city area.\"But, if less flats are constructed it would affect builders' profit margins. Which means developers will stay away from old city areas. If old houses are not redeveloped then there is little chance for development in these areas,\" the builder added. The old city comprises areas between Rupam Talkies to Pratapnagar over-bridge and Panigate to Kothi Crossroads.The amendment also doesn't allow 100 per cent construction on plinth in old city areas. Those having building unit up 90 square metres can construct on 75 per cent of the area on ground floor while those between 90 and 150 square metres can construct up to 65 per cent or 67.5 square metres, whichever is more. Only 50 per cent or 90 square metres, whichever is more, construction will be allowed for building units between 150 to 1,500 square metres and for 1,500 and above construction on only 45 per cent area will be allowed.\"With FSIs reduced and little space available for construction how can one build flats in such small area? Even if apartments are constructed, the prices of flats will shoot through the roof as builders will now recover profit margin from the buyers. Also, reduction in construction areas would mean losses for the original owner,\" said Vipul Thakkar, president of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), Vadodara.Thakkar also pointed out that the civic body won't be using its existing infrastructure in old city areas to fullest extent due to reduced FSI.VMC deputy municipal commissioner, C M Makwana said, \"The idea behind reducing FSI was to reduce congestion in old city areas that are already overcrowded. There is little chance of development in this area and having more apartments will add to further clogging.\" Sources in VMC, however, said that FSI reduction will also affect those planning to rebuild their houses on their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12169935", "title": "Killing them softly with drugs", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Drugs are being illegally administered to suppress the musth in captive elephants during temple festivals. This will lead to elephants developing serious health problems, say veterinary experts.Kunjikannan, a mahout, told TOI that they mostly use homeopathic drugs to subdue elephant's musth during temple festivals.\"The owner of our elephant provides us the medicine, Belladonna', during festival times and tells us to give it to the animal to subdue its musth. We use a high dosage. It will make our elephant very lean within a short span of time. During the musth period, elephants show destructive tendencies, and are hostile to human beings, especially mahouts. But once this medicine is administered, the musth is suppressed and we can parade the elephant at temple festivals safely,\" he said.According to Dr P S Easa, steering committee member, Project Elephant, of the Ministry of Environment and Forests, the illegal use of drugs for controlling musth will adversely affect the functioning of an elephant's internal organs.A forest veterinary officer, who didn't want his name disclosed, said that apart from homeopathy drugs, elephants are also given high dose of anti-androgen drugs like flutamide to suppress musth. Drugs like GnRH analogues are also injected for this purpose. These drugs will adversely affect the liver and kidney of an elephant and their continuous use can lead to the animal's death.Heritage Animals Task Force secretary V K Venkitachalam said the organization, on Monday, lodged a complaint with the director of State Animal Husbandry Department and Chief Wildlife Warden of Forests Department in this connection.\"It is against the Kerala Captive Elephants (Management and Maintenance) Rules. It's a pity that even veterinary doctors of Animal Husbandry Department are supporting elephant owners and mahouts in using these illegal drugs,\" he said.\"If an elephant is given drugs for suppressing musth, it will not take food properly. Once that happens, doctors will give it an injection worth Rs 7,500 for making it energetic. This is a serious health hazard,\" he said.Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University professor P C Alex, who conducted a study on Health Care Management of Captive Asian Elephants, said that if the authorities failed to prevent illegal administration of drugs, it would pose a serious threat to the life of elephants.\"There are no provisions to use drugs to suppress elephant's musth, which is a natural, physiological and behavioural phenomenon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "12169376", "title": "'Killer' bear claims another life in Dholpur, injures 3", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: Continuing its killing spree, a stray bear mauled another man to death in Dholpur on Tuesday. Three others were also injured by the animal.The bear had killed a 45-year-old man and left five injured on Monday.The victim Tej Singh Kushwaha (42), an expert in medicinal plants, had gone to the forest area near Veerpur village in Basai Daang for some research work. He was accompanied by eight persons, all residents of nearby villages, for collecting plants from the area.The bear first attacked and injured Tej Singh and then dragged him into the forest area. The animal then consumed most of his body parts.According to the police, the incident took place around noon. \"The same bear that had killed 45-year-old Rambabu on Monday was on the prowl. We had tried to scare him away from human habitation by bursting crackers,\" said Kaptan Singh, in-charge of Basai Daang police station area.The animal, when confronted by the group of men, attacked. \"Some of them tried to scare it away but failed. Three persons-- Rajkumar (37), Ramavtaar (30) and Kartar Singh (32) -- were injured. Others managed to run away, but Tej Singh fell prey to the animal,\" said Singh.In a similar incident in Pali, a bear had strayed into Devaria village in the Jetaran area. It entered the crop fields and attacked labourers on Tuesday morning.\"When the villagers came to know about it, they surrounded the animal and killed it with sticks and axes. An FIR has been registered against the villagers, who are yet to be identified, under the Wildlife Act,\" said a forest department officer.Wildlife experts in the state are surprised but not shocked at the spate of attacks by bears. \"Bears are commonly found in the forests in the state. And, in confrontation with human beings, they get more fierce than tigers or leopards,\" said wildlife activist Rajpal Singh, a member of the state wildlife board.Singh said the bear could have strayed from the Kailadevi forest in Sawai Madopur, which is linked to the ravines in Dholpur. \"In Rajasthan, bears are found in the Aravalli hills, Kumbhalgarh, Kailadevi and Mt Abu. It is possible that the bear could have strayed from Kailadevi,\" he added.A team of experts, including a doctor, has been rushed to Dholpur.The forest department has rushed a team of experts to Dholpur while registering an FIR against unidentified villagers in Pali. A team of experts, including a doctor, have rushed to Dholpur. They are observing the situation and will eventually try and tranquilize it,\" said A Choubey, chief wild life warden, Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12158629", "title": "John Abraham to shoot a promotional video", "text": "John will be shooting a promotional video with Shoojit Sircar.\"It's not an item song, as reported in a section of the film. Please! Vicky Donor is a humorous take on sperm donation. Where would an item song fit in? John is doing a promotional video on why sperm donation is not something to be giggled about behind closed doors,\" states Sircar.Says Sircar, \"John believes in in Vicky Donor.That's why he stepped in to produce both the projects. He saw the full film Vicky Donor and was completely kicked by it. He thinks Ayushmaan is a star in the making. I can't deny Ayushmaan has given an absolutely natural performance and even composed a track, a love ballad, for Vicky Donor. We shot the film in Delhi, my hometown, and Ayushmaan's. I know scores of films are shot in the Capital. But I'd like to think I've captured Delhi like no one before.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12170015", "title": "Four mega housing projects on the anvil", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha State Housing Board is planning to come up with at least four mega housing projects in the 2012-13 financial year. The board is planning to develop an integrated housing complex having 300 dwelling units near the upcoming All India Institute of Medical Sciences in April.The project, Ranasinghpur II, will come up over 4.5 acre land near OSHB's ongoing project Ranasinghpur I. \"There will be houses for all category of customers (high income group, middle income group and low income group) in the project,\" said OSHB secretary B Bahinipati. OSHB is yet to get Bhubaneswar Development Authority's (BDA) approval for the Ranasinghpur II project plan.Notably, in the same area OSHB and private developer Vipul have floated a premium project, 'Vipul Greens,' with housing units in the range of Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1.30 crore. The housing board has also partnered with another developer for a nine-acre project at Suang village in the same locality.In the next fiscal, OSHB will also come up with a housing project in Nayagarh. \"Plans are being prepared for the project over 12 acres in Nayagarh,\" Bahinipati said. The board will also construct another group housing project at Bidanasi in Cuttack. \"There may be two phase constructions in the 10 acres,\" the OSHB secretary said. The board will also soon float tenders for a PPP project over 6.5 acre area in Angul soon, Bahinipati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169750", "title": "Hearing on Mohan's bail plea on March 12", "text": "KANPUR: The district and sessions judge of Ramabai Nagar, on Tuesday, asked the prosecution to provide the copies of TET examination scam case to accused Sanjay Mohan, director, UP Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad and others. Judge Ali Zamin fixed March 16 as the next date for hearing.Hearing on bail application of Sanjay Mohan will take place on March 12. He was produced before the court on Tuesday. The court had extended the judicial remand.The police had filed charge-sheet against Sanjay Mohan and 11 other accused on Monday last and charged Mohan under 420/120 B IPC (cheating and involvement in criminal conspiracy) and under section 13(1)-D Anti-corruption Act (amassing wealth in a corrupt and illegal manner by a public servant). The remaining 11 accused were charged under section 420/120 B IPC and Under section 8/9 Anti Corruption Act.The police had nabbed Sanjay Mohan on the basis of a non-bailable warrant issued by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168217", "title": "Top cops to attend meet on housing in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Central Vigilance Commission boss R Sri Kumar, Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD) director Vikram Srivastava and Intelligence Bureau (IB) special director Yashovardhan Azad are among 50-odd delegates who would attend the All India Police Housing Conference being organized in the city on March 10 and 11.The conference, a first in the state, is being organized by Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation (BPBCC) in collaboration with Delhi-headquartered BPRD. Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, BPBCC chairman-cum-managing director (CMD)-cum-DG Ashok Kumar Gupta said chief minister Nitish Kumar would inaugurate the event at which experts and stakeholders would explore the opportunities to further better police housing in the country in general and Bihar in particular.The CM will also release a BPBCC souvenir on the occasion. Assam Police Housing Corporation Ltd's CMD-cum-DGP Subhash Goshwami, MP Police Housing Corporation Ltd's chairman-cum-DGP Dr Virendra Mohan Kanwar and Maharashtra State Police Housing Corporation Ltd's MD-cum-DGP Pravin Dixit along with heads of police housing corporations from over 20 states have also consented to attend the conference.They will be accompanied by their chief engineers and general managers. Delegates from BSF, CRPF, ITBP and RPF will also participate in the deliberations. The main focus of the discussions will be technology. The topics for guest lectures include \"Green Building\" which will be delivered by The Energy and Resources Institute director Mili Majumdar, \"Green Campus: A Case Study of Bihar Police Academy\", \"Development of Building Sectors in Bihar\", \"Quake-resistant RC Building Design\" and \"Planning and Design of a Bunker\".The valedictory session is likely to be addressed by Union home secretary R K Singh, a Bihar-cadre IAS official. An exhibition of building materials will also be held at the venue. BPBCC will put on display photos of buildings constructed by it. The corporation will showcase at the photo gallery the eco-friendly construction work of Bihar Police Academy building at Rajgir. The exhibition will remain open for the public from 6pm to 8pm on both the days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12168587", "title": "Rayapati objects to ban on cotton exports", "text": "GUNTUR: Taking strong objection to the ban on cotton exports, Guntur MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao dashed off a letter to Union commerce minister Anand Sharma.He asked the minister to reconsider the decision and to think of the plight of lakhs of cotton growers.He alleged that only a few exporters, who piled stocks in foreign countries, would benefit from the ban as they were waiting for the prices to go up in the international market. The veteran MP said that the ban on cotton exports had already showed its impact on the market as the prices suddenly came down to Rs 3,300 per quintal just in a day.\"With millers too not in a position to keep buffer stocks, no local trader is venturing into the market resulting in serious crisis,\" the MP explained.He said that it was unfortunate for the centre to impose the ban when the exports were only around 85 lakh bales despite the fact that it had fixed the export quota at 1.2 crore bales.Rayapati urged Anand Sharma to immediately reconsider the decision to save the lives of the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12168348", "title": "Election results: CBI\u2019s sword hangs over Mulayam, family", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Samajwadi Party pedalled to a podium finish in the UP polls, but a five-year-old Supreme Court order asking the CBI to inquire into an alleged disproportionate assets case of Mulayam Singh and kin could queer their victory pitch.Going by the popular perception that the CBI heeds to the Centre's command in political cases, the Yadavs could ill-afford not to take note of the spoiler that the Congress-led UPA may prove for them. And the danger is neither far off nor improbable to be brushed aside. For, on October 26, 2007, the CBI had filed an application in the SC seeking permission to proceed ahead with the case on the ground that during the preliminary probe it had stumbled upon prima facie evidence on the alleged DA case of the SP chieftain, his sons, Akhilesh and Prateek, and daughter-in-law Dimple.The CBI's plea that as an independent agency it did not take instructions from the government was filed in the court that was in the midst of hearing a petition filed by Akhilesh seeking review of the SC's March 2007 order passed on a PIL. The SC had ordered the CBI to submit the preliminary probe report to the Centre for further action.When the matter was crucially poised before the court, there was a change in political equations with SP's 39 MPs rescuing the UPA during the 2008 trust vote on the Indo-US nuclear deal. Indebted by the SP's help, the UPA decided to pay back.The CBI filed another application on December 6, 2008, seeking permission to withdraw its October 26, 2007 plea. The logic behind the flip-flop - a grave error in the calculation of assets had led the agency to believe that the SP chief and his family members had amassed wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income. A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and Cyriac Joseph reserved orders on the plea. After three years, the order is yet to come and Justice Joseph has retired. This would warrant a fresh hearing in the case and possible fresh trouble.What if the CBI does a somersault again? The fallout could be grave: prosecution of all the four important members of the SP first family.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12169898", "title": "Chickenpox outbreak, engineering college closed", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Archana College of Engineering at Palamel in Nooranad has been closed for 10 days following a chickenpox outbreak. According to Dr K K Deepthi of district medical office, 10 students of the college were found to be affected by the disease and following this the college authorities were instructed to shut down the college on Tuesday.\"Chickenpox, an airborne disease, is on the rise in the district. This year, 114 chickenpox cases were reported. We have instructed the college authorities to take immediate steps for preventing the spread of the disease,\" she said.Chickenpox is caused by the varicella-zoster virus of herpes virus family. A person gets affected by the disease by coming into contact with the fluids from a chickenpox blister or from the coughs or sneezes of an affected person. It spreads soon before rashes develop on a patient's body. The affected person should not communicate with others till the eruptive phase of the disease is over. Antiviral drugs for the affected persons are sufficiently available in all the government hospitals in the district.Though chickenpox preventive vaccine is available, the government is not distributing it citing the high cost of the vaccine. A single dose of the preventive vaccine costs over Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172775", "title": "Reality Check for Bindu", "text": "For actress Bindu Madhavi, tinsel town had always been a glamorous place, and every tale there has a happy ending. But working on Sathyasiva's Kazhugoo, she says, changed her perspective.\"I've always believed that cine industry is something straight out of fairytales, and for those who are part of it, it's always been a cakewalk. But, I totally changed my view while working on this film. We shot in a hill station, where the climate was at its extreme and we were put up at places that were hard to access. We had to manage with the barest of available facilities. But the crew didn't complain, and we've come up with a believable film, which is as real as it can get. This is where I got myself a reality check,\" says the Veppam girl.Bindu is now gearing up to start work on director Cheenuramasamy's Neerparavai. \"I'm paired opposite Vishnu and we will start work again from April,\" she informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168216", "title": "Pune firm told to make realistic eco-tourism plan", "text": "NAGPUR: Pune-based Unison Private Limited, which has been appointed to prepare a 36-crore eco-tourism project in Vidarbha, has been asked to be more realistic than idealistic.During the preliminary discussions held at Van Bhavan in the city on Monday, the technical committee headed by chief wildlife warden asked Unison to be more realistic about the plan which the panel felt should be commensurate with the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) and National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) guidelines.\"The consultant did not present any plan. It was the first meeting with him. We have asked the Pune firm to interact with field directors of tiger reserves in the region before coming out with a plan,\" said AK Saxena, acting principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife).Unison was appointed in December. It did a survey to prepare eco-tourism plan for protected areas (PAs) like Bor, Nagzira, Navegaon, Tadoba, Melghat, Pench, Tipeshwar and some sites of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) like Chulbandh in Gondia and Junona in Chandrapur.Sources said the consultant seemed to have ignored the framework of laws under which eco-tourism has to be done. Many of the consultant's ideas were such that if implemented, these would lead to violation of FCA and NTCA guidelines. For example, instead of creating new buildings in the forest, a suggestion was made to restore existing structures.The day-long meeting was attended by Anil Mohan, additional PCCF (eco-tourism) and member-secretary of the committee, Ashok Sharma, chief general manager (CGM) with FDCM, VK Sinha, AK Mishra and A Ashraf, field directors of TATR, Melghat and Pench respectively and MS Reddy, conservator of forests for Navegaon-Nagzira.\"There are certain limitations of tourism in PAs and accordingly we made certain suggestions. The consultant will have to work on these suggestions. He will also have to see that the plan commensurate with the resources available with us,\" Sharma said.The consultant will not only prepare composite plans and estimates, packages and schemes for tourists but will also supervise the works for which he will be paid a consultancy fee between 20-25 lakh.The technical committee will give a green signal to the consultant's plan only if it corresponded the eco-tourism guidelines. The plans will be implemented with the help of local involvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169024", "title": "Raj\u2019s support hands Sena Thane mayoral post", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI coalition retained the mayor's office in Thane on Tuesday, following last-minute support from the Raj Thackeray-led MNS. The mayoral election was preceded by high drama, including an exchange of allegations of abductions and horse-trading between the Sena-BJP and the NCP, who were neck and neck in the race for the key post.In the end though, Sena's Harishchandra Patil was declared the new mayor of the lake city, while BJP's Milind Patankar was declared his deputy in the 130-seat civic body that has an annual budget of over Rs 1,700 crore. The victory had a greater resonance since, according to some, it heralded signs of a \"functional partnership\" between the MNS and the Sena in the future. The 45-year-old Patil, who is a civic contractor by profession, beat his NCP rival Najib Mullah by a margin of 19 votes in the mayoral poll that was held in the Thane Municipal Corporation's (TMC) hall amidst tight security on Tuesday. The saffron alliance will continue to be in power in the TMC for the fifth consecutive term, ending NCP Young Turk Jitendra Awhad's hopes to wrest power for the NCP-Congress coalition.In the run-up to the election, the DF combine tried to muster support. It secured the support of Raja Gavari, an accused in a murder case, and five other Independents, but eventually failed to reach the simple majority of 66. In the poll, while the Sena-BJP tally rose to 73 with the backing of the MNS, the DF tally was left restricted to 54 votes. To make matters worse for the Congress-NCP camp, three Congress corporators from Mumbra-Shakeela Qureshi, Rajan Keni and his wife Anita-defied the party whip and stayed away from the poll. BJP corporator Suhasini Lokhande, who was escorted to the TMC in a police vehicle, raised her hand in support of the Sena-BJP nominee.To be sure, the saffron alliance could survive the NCP threat because of the support it received from the MNS. What worked for Sena was the one-on-one meeting between Raj and three Sena MLAs-Eknath Shinde, Rajan Vichare and Pratap Sarnaik-on Monday. The trio, reportedly with Matoshree's blessings, called on Raj, seeking his support to defeat the DF candidate. The MNS chief responded favourably and drove down to Thane three hours before the poll process to declare that his seven corporators would stand by the Sena and vote for Patil and Patankar in the mayor poll. Importantly, Thackeray, who shares a good rapport with NCP supremo Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule , was also being persuaded by Awhad to back him.At a press conference here, Raj said: \"The (electoral) mandate is in favour of the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI alliance. They should not be left at the mercy of Independents. Balasaheb wants the development of Thane, so our support is for the progress and development of the city.\"He said his party's support to the Sena was unconditional and that he did not expect rewards in the form of posts for his party men in TMC committees. The news was received with high enthusiasm by activists of both the parties, who claimed that it was a new beginning in the state's political landscape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169403", "title": "Bhukkal told to submit report into suicide by 3 girl students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While women across the state shall be celebrating Women's Day on Wednesday (the celebrations in the state have been advanced by a day, as March 8 happens to be Holi), the social welfare minister Geeta Bhukkal shall be submitting a detailed report into three suicides by students of Bhagat Phool Singh Kanya Vishwavidyalaya of Khanpur Kalan village that took place in the past one month.Speaker Kuldeep Sharma asked Bhukkal to personally probe the matter on a question raised by INLD secretary general and Dabwali MLA Ajay Singh Chautala . Saying that there could be something more behind the suicides, he demanded an indepth probe into the three suicide cases.Meanwhile, leader of the opposition, Om Parkash Chautala and BJP leaders took a dig at the Haryana government over the budget issue. Chautala termed the budget as \"directionless and misleading,\" while accusing the government of having a hidden agenda.\"A lot of things have been concealed. I want a statement from government that they shall not impose any new tax or levy as they did last year. A lot of things have also been manipulated,'' Chautala said.Krishan Pal Gujjar, the MLA from Tigaon, who is also the state BJP president called the budget as a \"directionless\" one which has disappointed all sections of society across the state, including those dwelling in the national capital region (NCR) of Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170158", "title": "School buses off roads from Friday", "text": "PUNE: Around 1,000 school buses in the city are likely to go off the roads from March 9, with the School Bus Owners Association calling for an indefinite strike after the talks between the state government and the association failed to reach any solution on the issue of safety norms issue on Tuesday.\"The government is repeatedly changing its stand on the safety norms prescribed for school buses. Though we have been continuously following up with the top authorities in the government to get amendment in the policy, they have failed to issue any notification on the issue,\" said Baba Shinde, president of the Maharashtra state goods and passengers transport association.Shinde added, \"Out of the 23 points made by the government, the bus operators have agreed to and made changes in 17 points. We are opposed to seven points, which are impossible to meet. The government-appointed technical committee has submitted its report to the government on January 31. We don't know why the government is not accepting the recommendations of the committee.\"School bus transporters are opposed to the norms stating that bags cannot be kept under the seat, pole to be fitted in old buses, extra steps to be added to the existing ones, lady attendant to be deputed in the bus and fire extinguishers to be fitted near the driver cabin. They claimed that extra steps cannot be added as the flooring of the bus is very low.The transporters also said that drivers having registration badge of any state should be allowed to run school buses. They added that buses should be allowed to be used till they complete 25 years in business.Shinde said that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan did not attend Tuesday's meeting and that the officials from the state transport department failed to give any concrete answer to the various issues raised by the association pertaining to the delay in amending certain norms.The government will be responsible for any inconvenience caused to students once the bus operators go on strike, Shinde added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169234", "title": "SP men assault scribes; boy killed in firing", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party celebrations were dented by three unruly incidents incidents that brought back the scare of lawlessness during party's previous rule in the state. In Jhansi, an SP candidate and his supporters went on the rampage and assaulted journalists while a 12-year-boy was killed in alleged celebratory firing by the same party in Sambhal. In Firozabad, police opened fire to disperse infuriated mob resorting to stone pelting on the victory procession of BJP candidate Manish Kumar.In Jhansi, at around 4pm SP candidate from Babina seat Chandra Pal Singh claimed that seals of 14 EVMs were broken even before they were to be picked up for counting of votes. The trouble began when Chandra Pal, who was leading by over 1000 votes till noon, started trailing by 4,000 votes around 4pm. Pal accused the government officials present there of helping his rivals. Soon, his supporters went berserk outside the counting centre.By the time the district magistrate Jhansi Anil Garg could contact the election commission observers for further instructions, things went out of hands in and around the center whereThe SP supporters then assaulted the journalists present at the centre. The latter locked themselves inside unoccupied rooms at the counting centre to escape the wrath of SP men. The mob smashed the equipment of the news crews and OB vans forcing the technical crew to flee for their life.\"The most pathetic part was that hundreds of cops stationed at the counting centre stood as mute spectators while the violence continued unabated for many hours,\" a technical crew member of an international news channel told TOI. He was still locked inside a room at around 8:45pm on Tuesday.While the administrative officers in Jhansi remained unreachable, SP state president Akhilesh Yadav said the district officers have been communicated to take care of the situation at all costs. \"Such things cannot be tolerated. Those behind the incident should be dealt with strictly irrespective of whether they were SP workers or from any other party,\" he said. President of SP's lawyer's unit Gaurav Bhatia though claimed that the state was very much under the BSP government as on Tuesday, but added that action will be initiated against those behind the chaos.In Sambhal a 12-year-old Danish was allegedly killed in celebratory firing by supporters of SP winner from the same seat, Iqbal Mehmood. SP DK Garg confirmed that the incident had taken place and assured that prompt action will be initiated. Mehmood won the Sambhal seat defeating Rajesh Singhal of BJP by 30,047 votes.In Firozabad, BJP candidate Manish Kumar was injured in stone pelting by two groups allagedly associated to his political rivals. The incident took place after Manish was returning after bagging the seat by a margin of 2,018 votes. The rival groups were later identified as candidates of the SP and BSP. Police said the victory procession was passing through some residential areas dominated by the SP and BSP.  Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169611", "title": "Rough ride ahead as taxis join strike chorus", "text": "MUMBAI: The coming days could be frustrating for Mumbaikars as they might face school bus, taxi and auto strikes. On Tuesday, Mumbai Taximen Union leader A L Quadros threatened an indefinite taxi strike by the month-end; cabbies are demanding a fare hike of Rs 4.Quadros said, \"We are fed up with the long wait for a fare hike. CNG prices have gone up by over Rs 1.50 a kg. Maintenance and spare-part costs have escalated. Each driver is incurring losses of Rs 22-25 daily. But the transport department seems to be in no mood to give us a fare increment.\"He said union members will hold a meeting on Sunday and fix a date for the strike. Auto union leader Sharad Rao has already announced an indefinite agitation by 7.5 lakh autos across Maharashtra from April 16. Also, school bus owners are going on strike from Friday. \"In such a scenario, Mumbaikars will face a lot of inconvenience over a month,\" said a senior transport official. \"The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA) may hold an urgent meeting to discuss the issue of a fare hike. But such things can't be decided overnight and under pressure. The issue will have to be discussed by four to five panel members and if a hike is given, it will be as per the government-approved formula (Hakim committee).\"If one goes by the Hakim committee formula, cabbies are entitled to a fare hike of just one rupee and auto drivers nothing. But transport department sources said there was a possibility of a Rs 2 hike for cabbies after the next MMRTA meeting. But state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said it was premature to talk about a taxi or auto fare hike. \"There is no proposal and the MMRTA meeting is yet to be held,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169119", "title": "CBI seeks Centre's nod to prosecute Acharya", "text": "HYDERABAD: CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana on Tuesday informed the CBI court that they had sought both the Centre's and state governments sanction to prosecute IAS officers BP Acharya and LV Subrahmanyam in the Emaar fraud case. CBI has named three IAS officers- BP Acharya, LV Subrahmanyam and K V Rao, in the chargesheet it filed in the case. According to legal sources, without sanction, the court cannot take cognizance of the chargesheet with regard to the role of these officers.Lakshminarayana who was present in the court during the hearing of the bail plea of N Sunil Reddy, one of the accused in the case, stood up when the judge asked the probe agency whether he could take cognizance of the chargesheet the agency filed in the case and said that they had sought centre's sanction in the case of Acharya and LV. Since KV Rao has resigned from government service, no sanction is needed for his prosecution, the JD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12169685", "title": "Thieves target six garages in single night", "text": "RAJKOT: Thieves targeted six garages in the wee hours of Tuesday and tied up a watchman in one of them before escaping with truck tyres, batteries and spare-wheels.According to police officials, the thieves first targeted Sanjay Body Building Works near Kuvadava police station on Kuvadava Road on Monday night at around 3 am.When the watchman, 85-year-old Arjanbhai Jadav, tried to resist them, four persons tied him up with the cot. They took away tyres, batteries and other materials from parked truck and six other garages located in the same line as this one.The incident came into light when one of the employees of this garage came and found the watchman tied up.Police said the value of goods stole from the garages is more than Rs 6 lakh.B-division police station officials are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12173414", "title": "Villagers feel the pinch of summer", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The onset of summer has aggravated the scarcity of water in many parts of the district.With depleting water table at many borewells, areas like Birur hobli, Jodithimmapura, and Dogehalli have already started feeling the pinch. Villagers are a worried lot as water sources have already started drying up in many parts in March itself.Not equipped enough?Though the district administration and the zilla panchayat claim that they are leaving no stone unturned to address the issue, villagers allege that the officials are not well equipped to tackle the situation which will get worse in April.Zilla panchayat chief executive officer Rangegowda said that they have requested the government to release more funds to drill new borewells in villages where the existing water sources have failed to provide water even after efforts to rejuvenate them.\"New borewells have been drilled in five villages of Kadur taluk. There are plans to dig 50 more borewells in villages,\" he said and added that there is no dearth of funds.Engineering division of the ZP has been asked to take up repair of borewells, defracturing and also to find out alternative source of water if the situation warrants, he added.Deputy commissioner D K Rangaswamy said water shortage in April will be deepened and the administration has already instructed the department concerned to prepare a detailed report on the existing situation and also the future course of action.He said a team will assess the per capita water availability and identify the nearby water sources in every village and also have a blue print to supply water to villages hit by severe water shortage.Dr Malathi Srinivasan, principal scientist, CSIR-CIMAP Research Centre, said the botany seats are lying vacant in colleges. He called upon teachers to talk to students about the importance of pure sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12169715", "title": "Salangpur gears up for Holi with Pramukh Swami", "text": "PALANPUR: An otherwise sleepy village Salangpur in Ahmedabad district is all decked up to host 'Pushpdolotsava' (Holi celebration) on Thursday by head of Bochasanwasi Akshar Purshotam Sanstha (BAPS) Pramukh Swami Maharaj.A huge number of the devotees, including women , children and old, have been making their way to BAPS Salangpur temple to participate in the color festival, the temple administration said.\"The number of devotees is expected to increase and will go to a record number,\" Sadhu Gyananand Das said.People from far-flung areas are arriving at the temple on foot in sanghs (small groups) singing 'bhajans' performing 'garba-raas' to Salangpur.\"As many as 1.50 lakh devotees, including about 25,000 non-resident Gujaratis (NRGS), have arrived and many more are expected by Thursday morning to get the blessings of 92-year-old Pramukh Swami Maharaj as he is coming here after a long time,\" sadhu Gyaneshwardas said.The 11-km-long single way from Barvala to Salangpur diverting from Ahmedabad-Bhavnagar highway wore a festive look with stalls, festoons and flags dotted all along the stretch. As many as 6,000 volunteers have been on their toes on all roads on Botad and Barvada serving the devotees.Voluntary organizations from Mumbai, Surat and Ahmedabad had pressed medical vans to distribute free medicines and provide first-aid treatment, sadhu Vivek Jivan Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12168763", "title": "The fury of the electorate", "text": "The decisive victory of the Bharatiya Janata Party and the near decimation of the ruling Congress party can be attributed to the latter's suicidal mission in the distribution of party tickets. Certainly there are other factors like the BJP-MGP alliance which consolidated the traditional vote bank and the strategic alliances in Salcete and Bardez talukas that produced rich dividends.Three months ago, despite the issue of corruption being brought to the center stage and the illegal mining issue haunting Goa, the ruling Congress seemed comfortable as the BJP was seen as unable to seize the initiative. But the distribution of tickets frittered away a near comfortable position to a near decimation. The Congress was so comfortable that not even a symbolic gesture was made in the area of dealing with the corrupt.There were already two from the Rane family and two from the Alemao family (junior Rane got elected as an independent, while the senior Alemao was elected on a Save Goa Front ticket). In 2007, the Congress took a bold stand in denying the ticket to junior Rane and to the wife of Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate. Monserrate did damage the prospects of the Congress in Panaji and Taleigao but could not make any dent in Santa Cruz.In 2012, after a year of forced accountability (central and state governments were questioned over different scams) the distribution of 12 tickets within five families and that too to four in one family was the last nail for the electorate. Having taken a principled stand in 2007, what made the Congress take the path of suicide in 2012 after a year of skirmish with the civil society on the issue of corruption is inexplicable.Besides the distribution of 12 tickets within five families, the denial of tickets to Vijai Sardesai in Fatorda and the granting of tickets to Isidore Fernandes in Canacona, Rudresh Chodankar in Mayem coupled with the entry of Dayanand Sopte and Rajesh Patnekar into the Congress from the BJP gave a feeling of 'ganging up' within the Congress to capture the state.Thus, the issue of corruption and illegal mining fell by the wayside and holding of a cabinet meeting in a family dining hall became the joke of the season. The opposition took up the 'family raj' issue as an election plank with such ferocity that the Congress was placed on the backfoot and local leaders were unable to justify their position. Central leaders like Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sheila Dixit and Oscar Fernandes instead of being apologetic took a bold stand of justification which only added fuel to the fire.How did this come about? Being in power, the satraps had enough resources to blackmail the central leadership. Irrespective of the justification given by central leaders, it is clear that the central leadership felt threatened by the sheer power and prowess displayed by these satraps in disrupting the entire election campaign, in case their demands were not met.That was also possible due to each one of them being permitted to grow bigger than the party. The Monserrates, Ranes and the Dhavalikars may have succeeded due to the strategic locations of their constituencies. Our constituencies are small and the distribution of certain goodies from personal wealth and/or from government schemes may work in certain places and for some time.Villages like Cuncolim, Navelim and Loutolim has seen a large amount of spending on infrastructure and Cuncolim, Velim, Loutolim and Ponda have also seen government jobs being doled (without payment). But even these could not counter the fury of the electorate against the perception that the 'ganging up' would finish the state.For the BJP, on the other hand, its strategic alliances, with the MGP and even with different powerful individuals like Joseph Sequeira in Calangute, Sangeeta Parab in Madrem and independent candidates in Salcete, worked to its advantage.For the Congress, besides the distribution of tickets it appeared there was no election strategy at all. The advertisement blitzkrieg launched by different NGOs against the ruling coalition could not be combated as the Congress machinery did not exist locally and each candidate was left to defend his own constituency and fend for himself.The strategic shift of the traditional Salcete and Bardez vote against the Congress is clearly a matter of self-respect and a clear indication that the electorate cannot be taken for granted. The call of the Church to weed out the corrupt was actually seen as a call to vote against the government. Of course, the local English media had already laid the foundation for a change through its opinionated news.The writer is an advocate &amp; political observer. Views expressed are those of the writer.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12169539", "title": "Medical fraternity joins campaign against female foeticide", "text": "KARNAL: The campaign launched by Karnal district administration to fight against female foeticide has got a major boost with medical fraternity, including private doctors, nurses and medical practitioners, joining it.Once the campaign got underway, the district had registered a slight improvement in sex ratio, which rose from 813 girls per 1,000 boys to 852 in March. Deputy commissioner Neelam Kasni, who was instrumental in involving all sections of society in this drive, said involvement of medical practitioners would go a long way in further improving the sex ratio in the state which had been causing a great concern.Various registered medical practitioners, MBBS and ultrasound centre owners assembled at the mini secretariat and pledged to fight against the prejudice against girl child by cooperating with the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12169022", "title": "Six Congress, two NCP ministers lose seats", "text": "PANAJI: Eight sitting ministers have lost their seats in the elections. Of these, six belong to the Congress party and two belong to the Nationalist Congress party (NCP).Among the Congress ministers who have bitten the dust is home minister Ravi Naik, who lost to Lavu Mamledar of the BJP. Naik had a turbulent tenure as home minister with allegations of police-drug peddler nexus, as well as poor handling of the Bali riots. This, coupled with a number of rapes and deaths, particularly of foreigners in the state, depicted a poor picture of law and order in the state.PWD minister Churchill Alemao, who joined the Digambar Kamat government after attempting to topple it, has been constantly accused of widespread corruption through the lucrative portfolio. Alemao has lost his seat along with his daughter Valanka who has been defeated in Benaulim.Urban development minister Joaquim Alemao, who like his brother Churchill has also been accused of corruption and has huge interests in the scam hit mining sector in the state, has lost his Cuncolim seat to Rajan Naik of the BJP.Sports minister Babu Azgaonkar has lost from Pernem constituency which had been reserved for a Scheduled Caste candidate. He was defeated by former BJP president Rajendra Arlekar. Azgaonkar too is not free of the corruption taint and has been accused of getting his daughter selected for a post in the Sports Authority of Goa.Tourism minister Nilkanth Harlankar lost his seat of Tivim to first time BJP MLA Kiran Kandolkar. Harlankar was made a minister after his NCP colleague Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco had to resign after arrest in a suicide abetment case.Revenue minister Jose Philip D'souza, who was the NCP's legislative leader, has lost the Vasco constituency to Carlos Almeida of the BJP. Prior to this, D'souza had lost the 2002 elections before making a comeback in 2007.Power minister Aleixo Sequeira, who contested from the Nuvem constituency after his Loutolim constituency was delimited, lost to Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco of the Goa Vikas Party.Water resources and forests minister Filipe Neri Rodrigues has lost his Velim seat to Independent candidate Benjamin D'silva who had unsuccessfully contested against Rodrigues in 2007.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12169652", "title": "Pakistan scholar to deliver lecture in Bhuj today", "text": "RAJKOT: Hundreds of Muslims are on their way to Bhuj to listen to Pakistan scholar Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri, who will deliver a lecture on Wednesday evening.According to sources, Dr Qadri reached Bhuj on Tuesday evening. However, the programme to inaugurate a Muslim Education High School had to be postponed till today because of overcrowding.Dr Qadri is on a tour to India and recently participated in the function in Karjan near Vadodara. The lectures are being organized by Minhaj-ul-Quran International, which he founded in 1981 in Lahore , Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mangalore ", "code": "12172281", "title": "Air crash: Risk management snags caused deaths", "text": "MANGALORE :Lack of fire fighting preparedness and emergency access roads,wrong marking on the runway, issue of License to airport, Air operator and pilot in violation of Aircraft Rules and a host of other reasons have been cited as the major reasons for the Air India Express 812 crash of May 22,2010, which claimed 158 lives by the 812 Foundation member while submitting a private complaint at the JMFC II court here on Tuesday.Foundation president Yeshwanth Shenoy making his case before the JMFC II judge Kulkarini SR, named 15 persons including Air India (AI), Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and Airports Authority of India (AAI) in the complaint.He said as per norms emergency access roads should be provided for an aerodrome where terrain conditions permit their construction, to facilitate achieving minimum response times - which is at the maximum three minutes. In Bajpe air crash, the fire fighters had reportedly reached in 15 minutes.Shenoy quoting the writ petition filed in Karnataka High Court in 1997 pointed out that in crash of the Alliance Airlines in Lucknow, as in the case of the crash of the AB-320 airplane in Bangalore, even lesser physical impediments caused a very high response time resulting in unnecessary loss of life and property.Shenoy also brought to the attention of the judge that in 1997 one Arthur Pereira had filed writ petitions Airports Authority of India (AAI) in the Karnataka High Court regarding standards for providing the minimum area for a stop way / a clear way in the event an aircraft undershoots or over-runs the runway. AAI filed a detailed statement of objections and both the writ petitions were disposed off by the High Court directing the AAI and the Government to ''comply with all laws''. Even a Special Leave Petition filed in the Supreme Court elicited the same response.Referring to the presentation made by Capt. Mohan Ranganathan, a member of the Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC) to the DGCA / Ministry of Civil Aviation, Shenoy said the marking on the runway was wrong stating it is exactly at that point the pilot made the decision of taking offagain. ''The marking shows the availability of 2000 ft of runway when there was virtually no runway available. The accused were duty bound to maintain the airport in accordance with the ICAO standards and to ensure no licenses were issued to airports that did not meet the ICAO norms. The judge will decide on admitting the complaint on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168929", "title": "Govt plans to train youth for overseas employment", "text": "HYDERABAD: In order to protect job aspirants from being taken for a ride by fake recruitment companies, the state government is gearing up to train the youth. After having started a programme to train those seeking employment in the Gulf, the government has now tied up with Malaysia for a similar purpose. The training will be in communication skills in South-East Asian languages, including Malay, cultural aspects and customs and laws in these countries. The first batch is expected to be ready for employment in the next couple of years.Malaysia, which has two million people of Indian origin and about a lakh Telugu-speaking people, has entered into a tie-up with the central and state governments to provide training to youth in such skills as required and approved by the Malaysian government. Towards this end, the state has set up five training centres in Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam, Tirupati and Warangal to tap the huge job potential in Malaysia.\"Malaysia needs at least 10,000 youths to work in its mines, palm farms and hospitality industry. Our aim is to grab greater portion of these jobs. Omcap, the overseas employment wing of the state government, has notified the process of recruitment of youth for the training,\" Dasari Srinivasulu, principal secretary, labour, employment and training, told TOI.\"In order to secure a Malaysian visa and work in that country, it is mandatory for job-seekers to be trained in Certificate of Eligibility (CE). A one-time nominal fee of Rs 3,500- Rs 4,000 will be charged from the job-seeker and the outstation job-seekers will be provided free accommodation during the training period,\" Srinivasulu said.Omcap has identified at least 20 international companies as credible employers which include Fisherman's Wharf International (Macau), Dodsal Construction Company ( UAE ), Al-Musairie National (Qatar), Kromberg &amp; Schubert GmbH (UAE), SNK International ( Canada ), Velocity Apparelz ( Egypt ), Carillion Alawi (UAE) and Khalid Bhim Ahmad (Oman).Srinivasulu said Omcap has lined up about 150 vacancies for job-aspirants in Oman and that the walk-in interview, to be conducted by Carillion Alawi LLC, Oman, is scheduled to take place at the ITI Mallepally campus on March 9-10.\"The selected candidates, in the category of masons, shuttering carpenters and steel fixtures, will be paid 100 Omani Riyals (Rs 12,000) per month with free food, transportation and accommodation,\" Srinivasulu said.The training will be in communication skills in South-East Asian languages, including Malay, cultural aspects and customs and laws in these countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12169512", "title": "Shehla Masood\u2019s murder a crime of passion: CBI sleuths", "text": "BHOPAL: Investigators are \"now certain'' that RTI activist Shehla Masood's killing \"was a crime of passion\" and that Zahida Pervez, the main accused in the case, \"appears to be psychopathic\", top CBI source have revealed.Sources said Zaheda's \"unbridled passion\" for BJP legislator Dhruv Narayan Singh and Shehla's closeness to him pushed her to get her killed. They said the CBI was yet to establish whether there was a larger conspiracy behind the murder but they had not given a clean chit to the MLA.Investigations have revealed that Zahida had kept clippings of newspaper reports on Shehla's murder for about six months and that she enjoyed reading speculations and conjectures about it. Sources said Zahida had also written a detailed account of the murder in her diary. They said she even preserved the usually \"disposable items from episodes of her intimate relationship\" with the legislator in her office.CBI sources said Zahida initially proved very tough. \"She gave us contradictory statements and refused to admit that she had anything to do with the killing. It was only after extended questioning that she confessed. All th- rough the interrogation, she would often yell at interrogators\". The investigators came to know Zahida had allegedly harassed a man in Bhopal and driven him to suicide.The CBI zeroed in on Zahida after going through details of nearly nine lakh phone calls made around the area where Shehla was shot dead on August 16 last year. Saqib, a hardened criminal who had organized the contract killing, had spoken to Zahida minutes after the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12170649", "title": "Mulayam a tough nut to crack", "text": "Most Mulayam Singh Yadav press conferences end with newshounds gathering around a \"Netaji expert\" to clarify words, phrases or even sentences they missed. Often, they discover critical comments they could not catch when Yadav spoke. Indeed, the joke in political circles is that people laugh at Mulayam's jokes out of politeness, for few actually follow them.And yet, the Yadav chieftain with a frequently incomprehensible lisp has successfully communicated with 20 crore people over four decades. Now, at 72, after five years in the wilderness, the great survivor is back in Lucknow for his fourth stint as CM, riding on the back of the best showing ever by the Samajwadi Party. It was a scenario few could have foreseen in 2007, when the SP was voted out by an electorate fed up of its \"goonda raj\". But it never pays to underestimate the dimunitive former wrestler from Saifai, whose twin weapons are persistence and pragmatism.A disciple of Charan Singh, Mulayam hijacked the \"kisan neta\" title from a burgeoning pack in the sweepstakes for the jat leader's legacy. A few years later, when V P Singh unfurled the Mandal Commission, Mulayam deftly employed it to alter the landscape of the Hindi heartland. And as the BJP appeared on the horizon with its Ayodhya campaign, he cobbled together a M-Y (Muslim-Yadav) constituency formidable enough to see him emerge as a potential third front candidate for PM. That didn't materialize (many believe Lalu Prasad played a critical role in stymieing his fellow Yadav), though he did serve as Union defence minister.In 2004, he would have hoped to play a critical role at the Centre, but was snubbed by the UPA, though the SP eventually played a key role in saving the Manmohan government in a trust vote in 2008 over the US nuclear deal. Even as he has weathered a love-hate relationship with the Congress, the bulwark of post-Babri \"secularism\" has been pragmatic enough to keep lines open with the saffron camp. During AB Vajpayee's tenure as PM, the joke went that though Mulayam could not join the NDA, he did not miss much outside. His pragmatism shone through in September 2003 when, after Mayawati gave up power by snapping ties with BJP, he persuaded \"Atalji\" to let him form the government. BJP's insistence on retaining its assembly speaker did not come in the way!In 2009, Mulayam even tied up with Kalyan Singh, the man who was CM when the Babri mosque was demolished, but it proved to be a tactical blunder that sent the SP's electoral results plummeting. With the SP being pushed to the margins, Mulayam also had a falling out with his lieutenant Amar Singh. But after five years of Mayawati, the UP electorate was clearly itching for a change.Netaji's journeyNov 22, 1939 | Mulayam Singh Yadav was born. He has an MA and BT degrees from Agra University 1977 | First became state minister 1980 | Became UP Lok Dal president 1982 | Elected UP legislative council leader of opposition 1989 | CM for 1st time Nov '90 | After VP Singh govt at Centre fell, Mulayam joined Chandra Sekhar's JD (Socialist)Continues as CM with Cong supportApr, 1991 | Govt falls when Cong pulls out. This coincided with Cong pulling down Sekhar govt Mid-1991 | Mulayam loses power in to BJP Oct, 1992 | Starts SP 1993 | Allies with BSP for polls. They thwart BJPMulayam becomes CM with Cong and JD supportOct 2, 1994 | Blamed for firing on Uttarakhand activists in Muzaffarnagar Jun, 1995 | Continued to hold CM's post till June 1996 | Elected to 11th Lok Sabha from MainpuriSP joins United Front govt, Mulayam named defence ministerGovt falls in 1998, fresh polls held. Mulayam returns to LS from Sambhal 1999 | Vajpayee govt falls That year, fresh polls were held and Mulayam fought from Sambhal and Kannauj, won both BJP withdraws support to Maya govt in Aug 2003Mulayam sworn in CM for third term in Sept 2003 with smaller partiesJan 2004 | Mulayam quit his LS seat &amp; contested from Gunnaur. His victory margin of 183,899 votes highest in assembly polls 2004 | He contested LS polls from Mainpuri 2007 | Cong formed coalition with Left support. Mulayam chose to continue as CM till he lost to BSPHe is now MP from MainpuriElections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168577", "title": "BJP gets majority in Goa, Congress down to single figures", "text": "PANAJI: Riding high on a double wave of anti-incumbency and support from the minorities, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) created history on Tuesday by coming to power on its own in Goa with 21 seats dealing a crushing blow to the Congress who were reduced to just nine seats in the 40-member state legislative assembly.With chief minister Digambar Kamat having tendered his resignation Tuesday evening, BJP's Manohar Parrikar is set to become the chief minister of the BJP-MGP coalition which got 24 seats. The party has also the support of two independents, taking its tally to 26. BJP's poll strategy of wooing Catholics and fielding six candidates from the minority community, worked as all of them won.The BJP will meet on Wednesday under the leadership of Ravishankar Prasad and Venkaiah Naidu and is expected to stake its claim for government formation before governor K Shankaranarayanan at 5pm. Manohar Parrikar, who led the party to victory, will be the chief minister.Eight of 12 ministers of the ruling combine were routed. 'Family raj' politics and lack of governance in the last five years spoiled the show for the Congress especially in Salcete, which was considered as the Congress bastion for decades. All four members of the Alemao family were routed followed by home minister Ravi Naik and his son Ritesh biting the dust. There was, however, mixed response to the others as Ranes-speaker of the Goa assembly Pratapsingh and son Vishwajit (health minister), Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate (education minister) and wife Jennifer were lucky.BJP improved its position from 14, riding on an anti-Congress wave propelled by illegal mining, the controversial Regional Plan 2021 and other issues. Ticket distribution too created problems for the Congress resulting in infighting. Some rebels including Vijai Sardesai and Naresh Sawal won seats.MGP won three seats, but several parties, including newcomers Trinamool Congress led by veteran politician and former chief minister Wilfred de Souza and NCP drew a blank. In some constituencies, the TMC cut into the Congress vote bank.The ruling Congress party slid to just nine seats from its strength of 16 seats in 2007. The party had managed to stay in power after two MLAs from Save Goa Party had merged their party with the Congress, taking its tally to 18 while three NCP and two MPG MLAs had also joined the coalition government.Though chief minister Digambar Kamat and ten-time winner and speaker Pratapsingh Rane were re-elected, home minister Ravi Naik, former Bvice president Dayanand Narvekar, forest minister Felipe Neri Rodrigues and power minister Aleixo Sequeira were among the losers.The Congress party's alliance partner, NCP drew a blank as its seven candidates, including revenue minister Jose Philip D'Souza and tourism minister Nitin Halarnkar lost in Vasco and Tivim constituencies respectively.The Alemao family, which comprised two Congress ministers and brothers, Churchill Alemao and Joaquim Alemao, suffered a major blow as both, and their children Valanka and Yuri, were defeated in their respective constituencies.Churchill, who is famous all over India as director of Churchill Brothers Football Club, lost to an independent Avertano Furtado who contested assembly elections for the first time. Churchill's daughter Valanka, contesting from Benaulim constituency on Congress ticket lost to Goa Vikas Party nominee Caetano D'Silva.The tickets allotted to ten family members by Congress-NCP alliance was one of the major issues in the Goa elections. Joaquim's son, Yuri, who contested on NCP ticket lost to BJP candidate Subhash Phaldesai.BJP made inroads into several Congress assembly segments, though it lost only one in Fatorda to an independent.The BJP snatched several seats from Congress bastions, but independents also wrought a major part of the damage, as several of them cut into the Congress vote bank. Five independents were elected in the 40-member house.Goa Elections 2012Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169254", "title": "Autos, taxis plan stir from April 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you've been cribbing about the hike in CNG prices, there's more to be upset about.Three-wheeled scooter rickshaws (TSR) and taxi unions are now demanding a huge increment in their fare after the increase in CNG prices. Unions claim that if their demands are not met, they will go on strike from next month.\"The price of CNG has gone up several times since the last revision of the autorickshaw fare. It is becoming very difficult for us to survive, especially with the cost of living going up despite our earnings remaining the same,\" said Rajinder Soni of the Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh.The union is now demanding that the Delhi government must revise the TSR and taxi fares in the city drastically. \"The government should increase the autorickshaw fares by Rs 2 per kilometre and Rs 3 per kilometre for taxis. We will hold a dharna on March 20 to present our case. If the government doesn't accept our demands, we will go on strike from April 1,\" said Soni.Soni is not the only union leader talking tough and asking for a fare revision. Kishan Verma, president of the All Delhi Auto and Taxi Transporters' Congress, is also talking about a hike. \"The last fare revision was in 2010, when the CNG price was Rs 21.90. Now, the price is Rs 35.45 yet the auto and taxi fare remains the same,\" said Verma.The unions will press for a revision on auto and taxi fares by 50 paise to Rs 1/km, added Verma. Though the union he represents hasn't taken a call on the strike yet, Verma said the future course will be decided in a meeting on Sunday.The increment in CNG prices is expected to affect the transport sector in city quite significantly. It will impact over four lakh vehicles that ply on CNG - 50% of which are commercial. Commercial vehicles include 55,000 autos, 25,000 taxis, 10,000 gramin sewa, 15,000 school buses, 7,000 public transport buses and the rest are private automobiles, said a transport officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169394", "title": "Capital value-based property tax system delayed, again", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC is set to miss another deadline for implementation of the capital value-based property tax regime.In March 2010, the legislature had approved a switchover from the rateable value system of computing property tax to the capital value-based system.The civic body was initially expected to introduce the system from April 1, 2010. However, with the BMC unable to frame business rules, decide tax rates and collect data of properties to be assessed on time, it was granted a year's extension.It was again granted time to complete all procedures by the end of 2011-12 and implement the new regime from April 1, 2012. Now, the BMC has sought another extension from the state urban development department (UDD). The UDD has moved a proposal before the cabinet for grant of a year's extension. The proposal is expected to come up during the cabinet meeting on Wednesday.While the cabinet is expected to grant its nod, it is understood that minister of state (UDD) Bhaskar Jadhav has made it clear that \"there will not be any further extension\". Following the cabinet nod, the proposal will have to be brought before the legislature in the form of an ordinance.In the interim period, the BMC has been issuing provisional bills on the basis of rateable value fixed in 2009-10. The UDD has proposed exemptions for offices of all diplomatic and foreign missions in Mumbai for payment of water benefit tax, sewerage benefit tax and tree cess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "12169528", "title": "No legal immunity for govt servant in criminal cases: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: A public servant facing charges of corruption, cheating and other criminal cases in the discharge of his or her duties does not enjoy any legal immunity as no prior sanction is required for prosecuting such officials, the Supreme Court has ruled.A bench of justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale set aside the concurrent findings of the Punjab and Haryana High Court and a sessions court which had quashed the prosecution and summons issued to a Deputy Excise and Taxation Commissioner, Gurgaon.Citing the apex court ruling in the Prakash Singh Badal (2007) case, the bench said, \"The offence of cheating under Section 420 or for that matter offences relateable to Sections 467, 468, 471 and 120-B can by no stretch of imagination by their very nature be regarded as having been committed by any public servant while acting or purporting to act in discharge of official duty.\" While Section 420 relates to cheating, sections 467, 468, 471 pertains to forgery and 120-B applies in cases of criminal conspiracy.In the present case the official was accused by Omkar, a transporter, of collecting Rs 2 lakh money from him after impounding his three vehicles and refusing to issue any receipt. Based on Dhankar's complaint, judicial magistrate, Gurgaon, on June 2, 2001 issued him summons to face trial under Sections 420 (cheating), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 161 (illegal gratification by a public servant) IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "12169399", "title": "Bank objects to attachment of Indra's house", "text": "JODHPUR : After two petitions in the Rajasthan High Court challenging the attachment of the property of Indra Bishnoi, one of the main accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, now the State Bank of Bikaner &amp; Jaipur has also thrown its hat in the fray by objecting the attachment of her residence here. The court has sought reply from the CBI on March 13.S S Yadav, Special Public Prosecutor (CBI), said that the bank moved an application in the CBI court on Tuesday objecting to the attachment of her residence located at Saraswati Nagar here. \"The bank claimed that this property is mortgaged with them against some loan and, hence, has been attached wrongly,\" said Yadav. The property is worth nearly Rs 2.5 crore, as per the estimates of real estate analysts.Besides this, both the petitions of Indra Bishnoi and her mother Amri Devi, challenging the attachment were heard on Tuesday by the high court and both of them have been deferred till March 13. One petition was filed by Indra challenging the attachment of her property whereas the second petition was filed by Amri Devi objecting to the attachment of the property in the process, which Indra had no claim. It is evident that the administration has attached the property assuming her share in the parental property in Bilara, Bhavi and Dhana Magra villages. Amri had objected to including these properties as in the list of Indra and had filed a petition in the high court.Meanwhile, Indra continue to elude CBI even after March 5, the date which the high court had accepted after her counsel had convinced the court that she will turn up before the CBI. She is an important link in the case and CBI had kept the investigation pending against her, which needs to be completed in order to file the final chargesheet and frame charges against her. So, she has been keeping the agency crossed fingers, whcih is left with no alternative than to wait for her to turn up.The speculations were rife on Tuesday that having escaped the deadline set up by the court for her arrival and the high court having dismissed her petition challenging her arrest warrant, she will proceed for anticipatory bail. \"But no step has yet been taken by her so far,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168237", "title": "Fire safety norms flouted in NMC\u2019s Town Hall!", "text": "NAGPUR: The fire and emergency services department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation has often issued notices to owners of private buildings when fire safety norms have not been followed. However, it seems to turn a blind eye towards NMC's own premises. A case in point is Town Hall where NMC's general body meets.Situated in congested Mahal area, absence of fire safety measures here poses a threat to corporators. Fire extinguishers, sand buckets and other equipment to control fire are missing at the hall, which was renovated only a couple of years ago. The capacity of the house was increased from 75 to around 200. Even the sprinkler system, which the fire department advises for private buildings is missing here.Sources in fire department also claimed the building does not even have a water connection. In fact, the day before the house was being convened, a fire tender was pressed into service to fill up the overhead water tank, said a source adding. When Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measure Act, 2006, came into force in 2009, fire department started issuing notices to hotels, restaurants, malls, theatres and other commercial offices threatening them with closure. It led to many of them installing fire safety equipment.Under the Act, if anyone fails to adhere to the fire safety norms, the owner of the building is can be penalized between Rs 30,000 and Rs 1 lakh or could even be given a six-month imprisonment. Sources said, NMC should also follow the norms it enforces for others. Even a small incident at Town Hall could create havoc as the roads approaching the venue are narrow and congested.D D Patil, assistant municipal commissioner of Gandhibagh Zone, said he was not aware of fire safety status of the building and only assured to look into the matter. \"Laws in our country are applicable to all, including Government and its various departments and officials,\" said Tejinder Singh Renu, secretary of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association. He said Directors of AMRI hospital in Kolkata that caught fire in December 2011 were booked for several non-bailable offences.\"Had it been a government hospital, would the police have arrested the minister concerned? Why separate yardsticks for government and private entities?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169669", "title": "Assembly to wear a 'fairer' look", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh may have voted out a woman chief minister, but it has sent 37 fair sex candidates to the assembly in 2012. These contestants owe their win to the large number of first-timers and women who came out in droves to vote, both in rural and urban areas.Total 582 women candidates were in fray, i.e, around 9% of the total candidates. Out of these, SP tops the chart with 22 women making it to the assembly, followed by BJP (7), Congress (3), BSP (3) and one from Apna Dal.The lone Independent woman candidate to win is Rubi Prasad from Duddhi.Leading the pack of women winners is BJP's Uma Bharti who has won from Charkhari constituency by a margin of over 25,000 votes. Uma Bharti got 66,888 votes and defeated SP's Kaptan Singh who got 41,623 votes.In Mohanlalganj constituency, the contest was among three eves and a man from major parties. Chandra Rawat of SP defeated Ajey Pushpa Rawat by a margin of 23, 517 votes.Next comes Congress candidate from Lucknow Cantonment Rita Bahuguna Joshi who defeated BJP's Suresh Chandra TIwari by a margin of about 22,000 votes.Sitting BSP MLA Pooja Pal defeated mafia-turned-politician from Apna Dal Atiq Ahmad by a margin of over 9,000 votes. As a surprise comes the victory of SP candidate in Amethi, a Congress pocket borough, where Gayatri Prasad Verma defeated Amita Singh by 8,760 votes.Among the smaller parties, Anupriya Patel of Apna Dal who defeated BSP's Ramakant Singh in Rohaniya varanasi.SP's Shraddha Yadav emerged victorious from Mariyahu seat by defeating Savitri Patel of BSP. Munna Bajrangi and Malti Dubey finished third and fourth respectively. BJP's Malti Dubey may have lost the election from this seat in Jaunpur, but she still has a reason to cheer. She was in the fray to defeat jailed don Prem Prakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi, the allegedly killer of her husband. Bajrangi had contested the election on Apna Dal ticket.Among the high profile women losers was Salman Khurshid's wife Louise who lost at Farrukhabad on Congress ticket.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167709", "title": "Ex-MPHRC chairman\u2019s remark sparks row", "text": "BHOPAL: A remark on women's dressing style allegedly made by the former chairman of the Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) at a function has kicked up a controversy here on Tuesday. He had to withdraw the remark following protests from women activists.MPHRC chairman justice RD Shukla (retired) reportedly said that women should not wear revealing clothes as it drew unwarranted male attention.He stated this while addressing an awareness programme organised by State Women's Commission (SWC) as part of the International Women's Day. Many women present on the occasion opposed his remarks and Shukla had to withdrew his statement. Officials of voluntary organizations Vikas Samwad, Hifazat and Sangini termed his comment as 'insensitive.'They said they raised the issues of minor girls and women in villages, who are gang-raped. They were targeted not because they were wearing revealing clothes, the NGO workers argued.Shukla said that rapes were unforgivable. Chairperson of the state women's commission Upma Rai and member Jyoti Yevtikar too said that a woman's attire was not responsible for her getting raped.Stating the classification of cognisable and non-cognisable offences was a major flaw of the Criminal Procedure Code, director general of police (DGP) Nandan Dubey said that the difference should be abolished. He added that there was a need for gender sensitisation among the cops and meaningful intervention should be made by the police in such crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthpauram", "code": "12169515", "title": "\u2018Thrippadi danam\u2019 popular at the book fest", "text": "THIRUVANANTHPAURAM: 'Thrippadi danam', a memoir by Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma of the Travancore royal family, is one of the most sought after book at the on-going Mathrubhumi book festival here.\"Irrespective of their age group, a majority of people are asking for the book,\" said an official in charge of the festival.According to the organizers of the festival, Sukumar Azhikode's 'Thatwamasi' and M P Veerendrakumar's 'Hymavatha Bhoovil' are the other two books that continue to draw readers' attention.The festival showcased books in all genres in both Malayalam and English language. Books here are sold at subsidized rates to school and college libraries.The timing of the exhibition-cum-sale of books is from 10am to 8pm. The festival would conclude on March 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12169922", "title": "Footwear traders upset with state's attitude", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While the state government is boasting of promoting entrepreneurship at the ongoing entrepreneurs' week, several small-scale industries here on Tuesday accused the government of hitting them below the belt.Seven small units that had been supplying footwear to Odisha Police for the last 30 years, told mediapersons that the government is encouraging big suppliers with an ulterior motive. \"We were recognized as EPM (export promotion and marketing) contract holders by the industries department and had been supplying the stuff since long. But the government gave us a jolt by floating open tenders,\" said Sushree Ranjan Tripathy, a small-scale entrepreneur.\"There is a mandatory purchase policy where the government agencies should give priority to micro, small and medium enterprises,\" Tripathy said. \"When we approached the police officials concerned, they suddenly accused us of supplying poor quality materials. But they had never complained about it earlier,\" he added.Odisha DGP Manmohan Praharaj said: \"We did not do any injustice to the traditional footwear suppliers. We wanted quality products and floated open tender as per proper procedure. All are welcome to take part in the bidding process.\"The traders had recently moved the HC against the government's move, but did not get the judgment in their favour. They have now appealed in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169733", "title": "Three first-timers make it big", "text": "KANPUR: There were 16 first-timers from major parties like Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party, Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party, out of the total 223 candidates in the fray across the 10 Assembly seats in the district. Of the 16 first-timers, three could steal the heart of the voters.Raghunandan Bhadauria, who got elected from Cantt seat on BJP ticket, said that he never dreamt about getting elected to the Assembly. It was the division of votes that made his task easier and he emerged victorious. \"Electorates have deposed faith in me, I will try to prove my best,\" Bhadauria, said.Muneendra Shukla, a winner from Bithoor seat on Samajwadi Party ticket said: \"It was a tough fight as I defeated my rival with a thin margin of 671 votes. I would look forward to work for the overall development of the area. I know the needs of the people here. I will now be able to work better as my party is forming the next government in the state. Now people in in my constituency will not have to beg for getting things done.\"Indrajeet Kori made it to the Assembly on Samajwadi Party ticket from Ghatampur. \"This is a good opportunity for a youngster like me to step out and work for the betterment of the citizens. The young boys and girls need better attention,\" he said. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169618", "title": "Cab secretary announces premature retirement", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the debacle of the BSP in the UP assembly elections, cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh, a close of confidante of chief minister Mayawati announced that he will take premature retirement from March 9. His two-year extension is slated to end on March 31. Singh, a former pilot, holds a unique post called cabinet secretary and enjoys the rank of a cabinet minister. He was appointed in the coveted post soon after Mayawati came into power almost five years ago.Though the state government in an order placed the post of the cabinet secretary at par with the state chief secretary, who is always an IAS officer, cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh, in all practical purposes, wields more power than the state chief secretary. He was to retire in May 2010, but Mayawati gave him a two-year extension. He has also served as principal secretary to chief minister. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168611", "title": "Special training for prosecutors", "text": "KOLKATA: The state law department is going to start anti-trafficking training for public prosecutors (PPs) in collaboration with National University for Juridical Sciences (NUJS) soon so that the PPs can be sensitized to handle cases of trafficking in a better way.Director (prosecution) Taj Muhammad said the PPs will be trained so that traffickers face trial since often there are complaints that even after rescue of the victims, traffickers manage to flee. Moreover, the PPs will be trained to handle crime against women and children in a more sensitive manner, so that victims are not harassed. PPs will also be trained to help rape victims.Recently the law department started a series of training for the PPs, which was inaugurated by law minister Moloy Ghatak. The key speakers in this training programme were chief justice of Calcutta High Court Justice J N Patel, Justice Asim Roy and Justice Joymalya Bagchi who asked the PPs to act in an impartial manner. In this training programme the PPs were taught how to handle cases of cyber crime and financial offences as often the PPs faced problem while handling these type of cases. They were also trained on opposing bail moves and how to conduct prosecution and deal forensic science related cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12168310", "title": "Tea garden worker hurt in leopard attacks", "text": "JORHAT: A tea garden worker sustained critical injuries when a leopard attacked him on Tuesday at Sautoli tea garden in Golaghat district. He is now undergoing treatment at Golaghat Kushal Konwar Civil Hospital.Bonas Keot, a tea garden worker of Sautoli tea estate under Golaghat forest range, fell prey to a leopard when he had gone to the garden to collect firewood.The leopard, which was hiding inside some tea bushes, attacked Keot from behind. The tea worker was injured on his face, head and chest and his condition is said to be critical.Forest range officer (Golaghat) Puspadhar Nath confirmed the incident and said, \"On receiving the information, our staff rushed to the spot and found the injured man there. He was shifted to the hospital and forest staff launched an operation to chase away the leopard from the garden.\"He added Sautoli tea garden is home to more than five leopards and they have been creating a menace in the garden, hurting workers from time to time.\"Last month, a women belonging to the tea tribe sustained injuries in a leopard attack in Sautoli. However, her injury was minor and she was released from hospital after giving first aids,'' the forest officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170524", "title": "What will happen to Maya\u2019s pet projects?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The change of guard in Uttar Pradesh will shift the focus on the fate of ambitious projects were taken up during Mayawati regime. Be it the Ganga expressway, the Jewar airport, the Maitreya project, the township project around Yamuna expressway all are still in the very initial stages. At the same time, the projects like Dadri power plant which was taken up during Mulayam regime in 2004 but got quashed during Mayawati tenure too is set to attract the spot light.The Ganga expressway project, to begin with, was launched by Mayawati soon after assuming power in 2007. The 1047 Kms expressway to be constructed between Greater Noida to Ballia along the banks of river Ganga, however, remains a nonstarter even after a lapse of nearly four and a half years. But for an initial notification under section 4(17) of UP land acqusition act in 40 villages in Bulandsher and Unnao, nothing has happened, even though a foundation stone was laid in Ballia.Construction work on Ganga Expressway also could not start because of an order from the High Court that instructed that the state and the concessionaire to get complete a full environmental study and obtain permission from the central government before embarking on the construction. So is the case with the Taj international airport in Jewar village near Greater Noida. The long cherished dream of Mayawati could not turn into a reality with the ministry of civil aviation questioning the feasibility of the project, which happens to be barely 70 Kms away from the Indira Gandhi International airport.Proposed way back in 2001, the aviation hub was conceptualized to ease traffic at New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport. The project was also given a techno-feasibility clearance by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) in 2003, during Mayawati's earlier stint as chief minister. However, innumerable efforts of the state government in the last four-and-a-half years to get the project off the ground have borne little fruit.The Maitreya Project in Kushinagar too finds its fate hanging in balance. The project that was proposed to give a boost to tourism around the Buddhist circuit could not take off despite all the hectic campaigning by international ngos. The project proposed to construct a towering 150 mts tall statue of Buddha over looking a cultural and educational hub in Kushinagar. An international airport was also proposed to be set up around the project. For this, land acquisition to the tune of over 700 acres was scheduled to be done. However, with villagers staging a raging agitation against land acquisition drive forced the government to step back. By 2010, the extent of land acquisition got reduced to 350 acres before the entire project got nudged to back burner.A senior official associated with the project insisted that any further delay would mean end of the project. The Noida extension housing project too comes in the picture in case of change of guard in the power corridors of UP. Over 150 acres of land was acquired in village Chak-Sahberi at Greater Noida (dubbed Noida Extension by builders). For the large cluster of housing projects in this area, there still seems to be no end to the uncertainty looming over the fate of these projects.Another project that appears to hog the lime light is that of Buddh International motor racing circuit constructed by the JP group in Greater Noida. The track was officially inaugurated on 18 October 2011 by Mayawati. The circuit which stretches over an approximate length of 5.14 Kms is spreadover an area of 874 acres. Controversy bound this project also after over 300 farmers, dissatisfied with the compensation, threatened to dismantle the circuit.The project got into a controversy following the entertainment tax exemption it got from the Mayawati government. In fact, on October 18 last year, the apex court asked the Mayawati government why it granted entertainment tax exemption worth crores of rupees to the Jaypee group. The motor race was organized on October 30.Last but not the least, the fate of Dadri project too attains much significance at this point of time. Will the 3500 Mw gas based power project, which was awarded to Anil Ambani group during the regime of Mulayam regime in 2003. It was in 2004 and then in 2006 that nearly 3000 acres of land was acquired for the project. However, in 2009, high court quashed the land acquisition process saying that it was done using emergency clause.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168736", "title": "Winners take it all in North Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Calangute candidate Michael Lobo walked into the counting centre at the V M Salgaocar Law College in Miramar almost unnoticed. When he left an hour-and-half later, he did not have to walk out. With face smeared in bright pink powdered colour, Lobo was being tossed into the air by a sea of BJP and MGP workers as he left as a first-time MLA for Calangute constituency. He had defeated three-term Congress legislator Agnelo Fernandes. The story repeated itself through the rest of the day.When BJP supporters expressed their appreciation of candidate Glen Ticlo winning the Aldona seat, by raising him over their heads and passing him from hand to hand, some were seen inquiring with one another about Ticlo's identity.Displaced MLA Dayanand Narvekar did not find a single hand extended in support when he entered the barricade, 200m from the counting centre at 8am. After the count of votes was announced after the first round, Narvekar made a quiet exit, amid booing by BJP workers.Interestingly, when the returning officers first sat to assess the voters' verdict, it seemed as though it was a crowd of random people outside the counting centre for North Goa. By 9am, within an hour into the counting of votes, the crowd, till then standing around in anticipation, had organized itself into a full-blown celebration brigade. They broke into a victory dance for every BJP-MGP alliance candidate, even before a single winner was announced!The odd Congress flag was lost among the BJP flags. The dismal numbers in the Congress group were made up more of supporters of individual MLAs like Agnelo Fernandes and Francis Silveira.Nilkanth Halarnkar, leaving in the front seat of an Innova car, found himself stumped when his thumbs-up to the crowd of BJP workers, mistaking some of them for Congress workers, was met with a thumbs down and jeers. This, despite the fact that BJP's chief minister candidate Manohar Parrikar escorted Halarnkar to the car and warned BJP workers against booing the Nationalist Congress Party member. Independents such as Rudolf Fernandes found themselves in a better state. Fernandes could leave with his head held high as he finished second, polling over 6,000 votes in St Cruz.The already confident BJP workers, who had flooded the area outside the counting centre in large numbers, were high on victory once their win in the first two North Goa seats were announced. All subsequent announcements of vote counts were drowned in pro-BJP or anti-Congress slogans. \"Sonia jis sarkar ki mummy hai, vo sarkar nikami hai. (Any government with Sonia at its helm, is a useless government),\" by a BJP worker did not meet even a meek protest from the Congress workers, who were depleting in numbers by the hour.BJP workers climbed fences and threw coloured powder in the air. Vendors selling garlands made of marigold and roses found brisk business. The counting of votes, which was expected to end by 11pm went on till 5pm. But the BJP camp's energy ran far from dry. When the counting of votes came to a close, the BJP, with a simple majority of 21 against Congress' single-digit score, were indeed winners who had taken it all.Goa Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170063", "title": "MSEDCL connection at your doorstep now", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited has launched a pilot project to grant new electricity connections at the doorstep of consumers in Ganeshkhind circle covering areas in Kothrud, Shivajinagar, Pimpri and Bhosari.A statement issued by the distribution company on Tuesday said that consumers in the Ganeshkhind circle who need new electricity connections can call the toll free number 18002339119 and register their names. Consumers will be given a registration number and employees of the distribution company will visit the consumers with the required A form that needs to be filled for seeking new connections. Consumers have to furnish required documents, like property ownership certificate and no objection certificate, to the employees who will check the documents and issue receipts. After receiving documents, the technical team of the distribution company will visit the consumer concerned, inspect the premises, prepare a technical report and immediately give a cost-estimate quotation to the consumer. The consumer will be asked to pay the quotation amount to the divisional office concerned of the distribution company. After making the payment, the consumer will be told to call on the toll free number to convey the payment receipt number and details of the technical report.\"As soon as the information is conveyed, the distribution company will send another team with required material to the consumer and give the new connection. A separate vehicle has been made available for giving new connections,\" the statement said. tnnA special team of seven has been constituted under a deputy executive engineer for implementing the pilot project. The superintending engineer of the Ganeshkhind circle will have direct control over the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169098", "title": "Revised spot fine system comes into effect", "text": "COIMBATORE: The state government's decision to revise the spot fine amount for traffic violations under the Motor Vehicles Act came into effect here from Tuesday. Various fines have been fixed for motorists who fail to abide by the rules.If motorists fail to renew their registration, a fine of Rs 100 will be charged for the first time and Rs 300 for subsequent offences. The fine is the same for the following offences: failure to apply new registration within 12 months on removal of vehicle to another state; not reporting the transfer of ownership of the vehicles; tampering or altering the traffic signs; violating the traffic signals and leaving of vehicles in a dangerous position at a public place; carrying persons or travelling on the running board of a vehicle.First time penalty for rash and negligent driving will be Rs 1,000 and Rs 2,000 for subsequent times. Driving when mentally or physically unfit to drive will be Rs 200 for the first time and Rs 500 the subsequent times. Speeding riders will be fined Rs 500. Violating air and noise pollution standards in the vehicle driven will cause a fine of Rs 1,000 and 2,000 respectively. Using a vehicle without registration will cause a fine of Rs 2,500 the first time and Rs 5,000 for subsequent times.Driving a vehicle without permit will cause a fine of Rs 2,500 when caught for the first time and Rs 5,000 for subsequent times. Three people ride in a two wheeler will cause a fine of Rs 100 the first time and Rs 300 later. Driving without helmets will be fined Rs 100 the first time and Rs 300 for subsequent times.Motorists who fail to produce licence including driving and conductor's licences and registration certificate, permit fitness certificate and insurance certificate will be fined Rs 100 for the first time and Rs 300 for subsequent times.If the motorists fail to stop their vehicle at unguarded railway level crossing to ensure that no train or trolley is coming will be fined Rs 100 for the first time. If they will be caught again they will have to pay Rs 300.If motorists refuse to give information, they will be fined Rs 500 for first time. If they misbehave they should pay the fine Rs 500.Heavy vehicles with exceeding permissible weights should pay fine of Rs 2,000 and an additional amount of Rs 1,000 per tonne of excess load together with the liability to pay charges for offloading of the excess load for first and second time offence. If the drivers refuse to stop the vehicle and submit it to weighing and removal of excess load prior to weighing should pay fine of Rs 3,000 for first and second time.Previously the inspectors and other police rank officers had been collecting the spot fine from the motorist. But now, the sub-inspectors of police in Coimbatore city can collect the spot fine.Offence fineRash driving Rs 1,000Driving unfit Rs 200Overspeeding Rs 500Vehicle without registration Rs 2,500Driving without helmet Rs 100", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169918", "title": "Ajay Kapoor third time lucky", "text": "KANPUR: Congress candidate Ajay Kapoor continued his winning spree. He was elected third time in a row for legislative Assembly on Tuesday.Though the winning margin was just 2,027 but it has a lot of meaning for him as he said that people of new constituency had not disappoint him. Kapoor had earlier won twice from Govind Nagar seat. After delimitation, Govind Nagar seat was bifurcated and a new constituency Kidwai Nagar was formed.According to data released by the district election office, as many as 1,76,730 voters had cast votes in Kidwai Nagar constituency. Ajay Kapoor got 63,400 votes, including 87 cast through mail.BJP candidate Vivek Sheel Shukla got 61,276 votes. Samajwadi Party candidate received 22,512 votes and BSP candidate Shyam Sundar Garg got 22,414 votes.After the win Ajay Kapoor said he had faith on God and on himself as he had worked a lot earlier for Govind Nagar. \"I was expecting a win by bigger margin but Vivek Sheel gave me a tough fight and at one state he left me behind,\" he said.As expected, the main contest was between Ajay Kapoor and Vivek Sheel. Kapoor bagged maximum votes (5,000 in first two rounds) and went ahead. Vivek Sheel reduced the difference in subsequent rounds. After the 17th round, Kapoor was leading by 429 votes. Eighteenth round brought smile on Vivek Sheel's face as he took a lead of 1,042 votes. Vivek got 3064 votes in this round while Kapoor got support from 2116 voters. But his joy was for a short period as in next round Kapoor took a big leap and never looked behind. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170124", "title": "151 cases of SSC exam malpractice reported", "text": "PUNE: A total of 151 instances of exam malpractice were reported from various centres across the state during the English language paper held on Tuesday as part of the Maharashtra State Education Board's ongoing Secondary School Certificate (SSC, Std X) examination.English and mathematics are usually seen as the major stumbling blocks for students. These are also the subjects where the chances of exam malpractice, mainly instances of copying, are high, and extra precautions are taken by the board to curb such instances.For the last few years, the board has been following the practice of issuing multiple set question papers for English and mathematics subjects. The idea is to ensure that students seated to the right and the left as well as in the front and the rear of the candidate do not get the same question paper to solve thus keeping the chances of copying to the minimum.State board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav said, \"Of the 151 instances of malpractice on Tuesday, 54 were reported from Nashik division and 47 from Nagpur division. Another 34 were reported from Pune division, Aurangabad and Mumbai accounted for four and five cases respectively, while seven cases were reported from Amravati division.\"Not a single case of copying or any other form of malpractice was reported from Kolhapur, Konkan and Latur divisions, he said.It may be noted that English language is the third paper to be held since the SSC exam began on March 1. The board had reported 168 instances of malpractice on the first day, when the Marathi first language paper was held, while another 65 cases were reported during the Hindi second language paper on March 3.Asked whether these instances are a cause of concern for the board, Jadhav said, \"So far, both the Std XII and Std X board exams have gone smoothly for us and the instances of malpractice ought to be seen in the context of what the numbers were last year. I can say we have fewer cases so far this year compared to what we had last year.\"\"The board has taken extra precautions to curb malpractices and has undertaken an elaborate awareness drive at the school and junior college levels to apprise the students about the harms of indulging in malpractices. Our effort seems to be showing results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169625", "title": "Govt withdraws cases to reinstate 12 doctors", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has reinstated 12 in-service doctors who were terminated from their service after they struck work during their 11-day-long protest last year. The move has come as a Holi gift for the in-service doctors who had earlier decided to skip celebrating the festival of colours this year demanding restoration of their service status as on December 20, 2011.The doctors had protested for 11 days starting from December 21, 2011 to pursue their various demands. Now, the government has agreed to fulfil their three demands, including quashing of the termination from service of 12 in-service senior doctors holding posts of principal medical officers and chief medical and health officers. Further, the government has revoked the transfers of 377 doctors who had taken part in protests and withdrawal of FIRs and cases registered against all doctors under the Rajasthan Essential Service Maintenance Act (RESMA).\"Taking cognizance of our decision not to celebrate Holi this year, the state government invited a four-member delegation of our association for talks. We were initially invited at power minister Jitendra Singh's residence where medical and health minister A A Khan was also present. Later in the day, we had a meeting with chief minister Ashok Gehlot in which the state government has agreed to maintain the status of December 20, 2011,\" Dr Ajay Chaudhary, general secretary of All Rajasthan inservice doctors association, said while talking to TOI on Tuesday\"Maintaining the status of December 20 means that government has quashed the termination from service of the 12 in-service seniors doctors, withdrawn the transfers of 377 doctors and also withdrawn the cases against 650 doctors,\" Chaudhary added.After the government's move, the doctors thanked the chief minister for his sensitive approach towards them. \"He (Gehlot) told us that he was upset after coming to know that the doctors were not celebrating Holi. It is a nice gesture as for the first time the state government has quashed the order of termination from service of the doctors,\" said Dr Mahesh Sharma who too was terminated from the post of Principal Medical Officer, Dausa government hospital. He said he would be joining duty soon.In its notice to the state government on March 2 this year, in-service doctors of the state had said they decided to skip Holi as a mark of protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170160", "title": "Harnawal is new Sena leader in Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: Ashok Harnawal was picked as the leader of the Shiv Sena in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday. \"The decision was taken by state leaders and the local leadership,\" Neelam Gorhe, spokesperson of the party, told reporters on Tuesday.Harnawal, a two-time corporator, won the civic election from Sahakarnagar-Satara Road area. Shiv Sena has 15 corporators in the PMC. Shyam Deshpande, the current Sena leader in PMC, lost the election.After the BJP refused to be a part of the alliance, the Shiv Sena decided to register as a separate party in the civic body. The party has gone solo in the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation too.Gorhe said the party would concentrate on solving long-pending issues of the city. They will raise women's safety issues. \"We will take follow-up commitments made by the ruling party to increase water sources for the city such as getting water from Bhama Askhed dam,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168254", "title": "State needs more medical colleges, says Choubey", "text": "PATNA: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey has said Bihar needs at least a dozen more medical colleges to meet the shortage of doctors and ensure proper medicare of the vast ailing population. Releasing the results of maiden MBBS examinations conducted by Aryabhat Knowledge University (AKU) on the university's website here on Tuesday, the minister said there should be at least one medical college on a population of 40 to 50 lakh.Bihar currently has only six government medical colleges. Three new medical colleges are being set up but the state has the potential of having at least a dozen more medical institutions. The total number of seats in all the medical colleges is only 450. This should be increased to at least 800.The Medical Council of India has been asked to be flexible in granting permission for starting new medical colleges in the state, he said. Choubey further pointed out that super specialty centres would be set up in every medical college of the state soon. A super ophthalmologic centre is already working at Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) and a kidney transplant unit is likely to become operational here within the next six months.Steps have also been initiated to set up a liver transplant centre in the state. Super specialty centres for treatment of cancer and heart disease already exist in the city. Patna is likely to be developed as a \"medical hub\" soon, he said, adding that the facility of tele medicine would be extended to the rural areas soon.Applauding the growth and development of AKU within two years of its inception, the minister said the experiment of the state to bring all technical and professional institutions under one umbrella has been successful. All private medical and engineering colleges of the state should also be brought under AKU for improving the quality of medical education.He said the AKU should also strive to raise the standard of medical research so that the poor may benefit from it. AKU vice-chancellor S N Guha pointed out that, for the first time in the country, the names of both the parents (father and mother) of students would be mentioned in their certificates and mark sheets issued by the university.He said the results of 3rd professional MBBS Part I and Part II examinations, 2011 have been published in a record time of one-and-a-half months. While 93.58% students passed the Part I examination, 84.55% students got success in Part II. Prominent among those who were present on the occasion included Dr Vijay Prakash and Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad of PMCH, Dr Geeta Sinha of Nalanda Medical College, AKU registrar Amitabh Ghosh and examination controller Akhileshwar Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170813", "title": "Nishank behind Khanduri\u2019s loss?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The slogan was - Khanduri hai jaruri (the state needs Khanduri). It worked for the BJP in the state, but didn't help the man himself.The peculiar situation in Uttarakhand, where the BJP campaign hinged on B C Khanduri who was brought in six months ago as the chief minister, has intrigued the party central leadership that sees possible sabotage as a reason for the embarrassing reverse.Khanduri said he could not pay sufficient attention to the Kotdwar seat he lost by a couple of thousand votes on Tuesday, but it is the role of his predecessor Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank that is under the scanner. An unwilling Nishank had made way for Khanduri as BJP looked to whitewash Pokhriya's graft-hit tenure.With BJP falling just short of the majority mark, BJP has taken a serious view of the matter and is looking to take strong action against inner-party scheming. Even during the poll campaign, Pokhriyal had attracted the attention of the party leadership for all the wrong reasons.Nishank has been known to be sulking for being removed ahead of the polls as his tenure was tainted by corruption.BJP chief Nitin Gadkari had initiated the change in the hill state after feedback showed Khanduri has the best choice to retrieve the situation.Sources said no reason apart from inhouse machinations can explain Khanduri's defeat, when the BJP surged back in the rest of the state after being totally written off. If Khanduri managed to make it a neckand-neck-fight with Congress, why did the voters reject him? asked a senior BJP leader.According to party leaders overseeing the poll, the loss simply does not add up. \"That is a real puzzle. It is not consistent with the rest of the voting pattern in the state,\" said a senior party leader. This defeat revived memories of the intra-party rivalry that helped seal the Vasundhara Raje government's defeat in the last Rajasthan polls.Elections 2012 NewsUttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168571", "title": "Shot in the arm for hospitality sector", "text": "KOLKATA: Starwood Capitals, which already has a presence in the upper end of the hospitality market in Kolkata with its 'Luxury Collection' tag at ITC Sonar, forayed into the business hotel category with Louvre Hotels and Golden Tulip group brand Tulip Inn.In the next couple of years, the group will launch three more brands here-luxury brand Westin in Kolkata, semi-luxury brand Golden Tulip in Kolkata and Darjeeling, and budget brand Campanile in Asansol, Durgapur and Siliguri. The group also plans to set up properties in Bhubaneswar and Guwahati.\"Louvre Hotels and Golden Tulip that currently manages nine properties in India, will add another nine hotels in the country over the next year or so. In addition, we will invest in Campanile and Premiere Classe hotels with at least a dozen hotels in the next four-five years. By 2015, we are targeting 50 hotels with an inventory of 15,000 rooms, up from the modest 500 rooms it has at present,\" Louvre Hotels and Golden Tulip South Asia managing director VJ Singh said. Singh was in the city for the formal opening of Tulip Inn, a 46-room business hotel in south Kolkata that will soon be expanded to 60 rooms.Louvre Hotels and Golden Tulip is owned by Starwoods Capitals that has invested $2.1 billion in the hospitality sector since 2005 and manages assets worth over $15 billion, including brands like Westin, Sheraton, The Luxury Collection, St Riges and Le Meridien through Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide.Singh was in the city for the formal opening of Tulip Inn, a 46-room business hotel in south Kolkata that will soon be expanded to 60 rooms. Shiraz Hotels Pvt Ltd, that owns the popular Shiraz chain of biryani stores, has developed the property. It is also likely to develop a property in Darjeeling for Louvre Hotels and Golden Tulip.Apart from the hotel in Kolkata, the group manages properties in Amritsar, Delhi, Jaipur, Panchkula, Bhilai, Lucknow, Mandwa and Hyerabad. Over the next 10-12 months, it plans to manage a second property in Jaipur apart from Navi Mumbai, Kufri, Bengaluru, Khajuraho, Musoorie, Ahmedabad and Vadodara.\"We are looking for a 150-200 room Golden Tulip hotel in the Rajarhat locality of Kolkata. The Darjeeling property will also be branded Golden Tulip. In Asansol, our team is evaluating a 50 room property in a mall that could bear the Campanile brand. Similarly, we hope to extend the brand to properties in Durgapur and Siliguri as well. All these properties will be joint ventures,\" Singh said, adding that the company was also open to investment in Premiere Classe that is similar to Taj group's Ginger brand.With land banks in Hyderabad, Tirupati, Goa, Amritsar and investment in Jaipur and Vizag, the company has committed $100 million in the market over the next 12-18 months. Investment in a room at Premiere Classe is pegged at Rs 20-25 lakh, Rs 30 lakh in Campanile and Golden Tulip, Rs 50 lakh in Golden Tulip and Rs 1 crore in Royal Tulip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168849", "title": "Link Road: Motorists\u2019 obstacle course", "text": "CHENNAI: Motorists taking the Maduvankarai City Link Road near Guindy are doubly punished: One, the road is inundated; two, it's sewage that has flooded the road. Residents have been living with the stink for more than two weeks. Whenever the residents have complained, the civic agencies - Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (CMWSSB) Chennai - blamed it on each other.The stretch that connects Alandur with Guindy via the Race Course Road is as dangerous as it is filthy. The open lid of one of the manholes through which the sewage flows out poses a danger to road users. The sewage hides deep potholes that unsettle bikers who sometimes fall into the dirty pool. Those on cars and bigger vehicle, too, drive into these holes splashing sewage on to two-wheeler riders. \"After sunset it's horrible,\" says A Bhaktavatsalam, a retired employee who lives near the road. \"Several people on two-wheelers fall here. The other day someone fell down and had a narrow escape from an oncoming lorry.\"As for pedestrians, the stretch remains out of bounds, for there is no dry space they can step on. Every day thousands of commuters from Guindy to Adambakkam, Madipakkam and Nanganallur use this stretch. MTC too plies its buses here. Regular users of the road said flooding is common whenever it rains, but this time it has become unbearable. \"Even during summer, the road is unusable for pedestrians,\" said N Anand who commutes on the stretch.When contacted, a corporation official of the Adyar zone said Metrowater was responsible for the sewage block and overflow. Metrowater officials, on their part, argued that sewage was passing through storm water drains which have to be maintained by corporation.AIADMK councillor N S Mohan (ward 174) said the sewage pipeline project connecting Alandur and Guindy has been delayed and hence the problem. He said that he was helpless. \"I have addressed this issue to the corporation and metrowater. I have informed the mayor and the corporation commissioner, but nothing is being done,\" said Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168643", "title": "Into the hands of the lotus", "text": "PANAJI: On a day they won a simple majority of their own for the first time since opening their account in 1994, nothing could have gone wrong for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday.Outside the party headquarters in the city, there was a riot of colours and music, but all of that could have so easily been marred had a loaded pipe, studded with a couple of nails, picked one of the supporters while coming down from the third floor.Luckily, it fell between a group of rejoicing supporters with a thud, just about brushing one of them. All of them had a lucky escape signifying just how fortunate Tuesday has been for the BJP.BJP supporters partied like never before and almost all rallies of winning candidates started from the counting hall at Miramar to the party headquarters. Not surprisingly, the Atmaram Borkar road leading to the office was blocked and policement remained conspicous by their absence.\"This is what the party had been waiting for. It's a historic day for us,\" said one party worker from Goa Velha celebrating alongside Vishnu Surya Wagh, the giant killer from St Andre.Inside the party headquarters, there were high-fives, hugs and cheers but just like the party itself, there was enormous discipline. While the workers watch the election coverage on a local television news channel, care is taken not to disturb any of them. The party's Catholic face, Matanhy Saldanha, is among those watching the coverage with more than just passing interest, and when congratulations are passed, it's nothing more than a handshake.At the other side, winning candidates like Rajendra Arlekar, Laxmikant Parsekar, Ramesh Tawadkar and Dayanand Mandrekar are huddled inside a cabin where enough room is made when North Goa MP Shripad Naik makes his way after obliging the waiting television journalists.\"The general mood was to send the corrupt Congress home. This is exactly what has happened,\" said Arlekar, the party spokesperson who defeated sports minister Babu Azgaonkar from Pernem.It's a sentiment that is shared not just by the other elected legislators but also party workers, all of whom cannot simply hide their joy.In all this happy madness, some things are never forgotten. Like the telephone operator who continously answers calls and passes necessary information, or the party worker who goes out of his way to locate a winning candidate and set up an interview.Snacks and tea are continously served on the roof top of the party's headquarters where candidates and workers savour everything from bhaji to bhajias and mirchi. Look below and it seems like holi has set in a couple of days early. Despite enjoying their best day in history, BJP still has their feet on the ground, quite literally.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169586", "title": "Cops probe origin of \u2018Kripa bullets\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police are probing a case of 240 live cartridges being found at a ground near Janakidevi School, Versova. Investigators are trying to find out if there is a connection between these and the ones seized from the property of disgraced Congress leader Kripashankar Singh.The Versova police on March 2 received information that a carry bag was lying abandoned near the school. A police team reached there and found that it contained the bullets. The same day the special investigation team (SIT) probing the disproportionate assets case against Singh and his family members began raiding his properties and found 450 live cartridges; Singh has three firearm licenses in his name and one in his wife's name. \"It is surprising that the abandoned bullets were found near one of Singh's properties. We are not saying these belong to Singh or his family and are probing their origin,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170563", "title": "Amita missing from royals\u2019 poll victory list", "text": "LUCKNOW: The blue-blood didn't disappoint this time too as most of the royals fielded by different political parties posted victories. The only notable exception perhaps being Amita Sinh who lost the prestigious Amethi seat to Samajwadi Party's Gayatri Prasad.Political parties have always been more than generous in awarding tickets to the former royals in their respective fiefs in consideration of their hold over their 'subjects'. Several of noble lineages were in the fray this time too, and as in the past, their loyal subjects remained, well, loyal. SP fielded the highest number of royals, many of who have represented their erstwhile principalities in the state Assembly and even Parliament for generations. Mahendra Aridaman Singh, fielded from Baah in Agra by SP, defeated BSP's Madhusudan Sharma. Singh belongs to the Bhadawar royal family and is following in the footsteps of his father, Mahendra Ripudaman Singh, who contested and won.Raja Anand Singh, whose forefathers ruled over Mankapur estate of Gonda, won the Gaura seat on a SP ticket this time. He had drifted to the BSP from the SP just before the 2009 Lok Sabha polls which his son Kirti Vardhan Singh, also a two-time MP from Gonda, contested on a BSP ticket but lost to the Congress's Beni Prasad Verma. Raja and his son returned to the SP after this defeat.Kunwar Shivendra Singh, a royal, contested and won the Siswa seat of Maharajganj on a SP ticket, defeating BJP's Ramapati Ram Tripathi by more than 16,800 votes. Kumwar Raghuraj Pratap Singh (Raja Bhaiya) won the Kunda seat in Pratapgarh by more than one lakh votes as an Independent candidate. He belongs to the royal Bhadri family of Kunda and has won this seat five times. The other royals to post victories were BJP's Raja Jai Pratap Singh from Bansi of Siddharthnagar who defeated Lalji Singh of BSP and Kunwar Bhartendra who won Bijnor by defeating BSP candidate Mahboob.The royals who lost include Congress's Ajay Pal Singh from Arkha, Utrikst Maurya of the BSP from Unchahar of the same district and BJP's Aditya Vikram Singh from Rudauli. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12169042", "title": "Speculation rife in city after Sena-BJP gets MNS backing in Thane", "text": "NASHIK: The decision of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday that his party would support the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance in Thane has triggered speculation that the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Republican Party of India-Athavale (RPI-A) combine would support the MNS in Nashik and thereby help it gain control of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).Raj had declared on Tuesday that since the mandate in Thane was in favour of the Sena-BJP, he had extended support to them, paving the way for the Sena to get its mayor elected in the Thane Municipal Corporation. His decision has upped the possibility of at least the Sena returning the favour in Nashik, where the MNS is the single largest party but is short of majority.The MNS won 40 seats in the House of 122 members and requires 22 more. The Sena has won 19 and its ally, RPI-A, 3. The BJP, which had contested the NMC polls separately, has won 14 seats and may or may not support the MNS. Earlier, there was speculation that the MNS and the BJP would come together with smaller parties to gain control of the NMC. Guardian minister of Nashik district Chhagan Bhujbal, who is keen on wresting power in the NMC, had said that the battleground was open for all political formations, thereby hinting that even the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) (which has won 20 seats) and the Congress (15) would make efforts to capture the NMC.Meanwhile, there are no takers for forms for the mayoral poll scheduled on March 15. The forms have been made available for the past two days and the last day for their submission is March 9. However, not a single form has been taken by any of the aspirants, owing to uncertainty over who would take control of the NMC.A senior Congress leader said that after Raj's statement about supporting the saffron alliance in Thane, the picture in Nashik becomes clearer. \"Every party is trying its best to grab the coveted chair and establish power in the municipal corporation, but the recent happenings indicate a tilt towards the saffron alliance and the MNS,\" he said.Congress party city chief Akash Chhajed said that the Congress and the NCP will conduct a couple of meetings and then decide who they can project for the mayoral post. \"From March 7, the battle for mayorship will begin,\" he said. Bhujbal is in a committee of observers that includes Congress leaders Shahu Khaire, Uttam Kamble, Jayprakash Chhajed and Sharad Aher, an NCP leader said. City chief of the NCP, Gajanan Shelar, added, \"Our observers will decide the strategy regarding which candidate should be fielded for the post of mayor and how to fight the mayoral elections.\"The Sena has kept all options open. \"The decision whether to support MNS during the mayoral poll scheduled on March 15 will be taken by our seniors. But anything can happen during the mayoral poll,\" said the newly-elected group leader of the Shiv Sena Sudhakar Badgujar.The city chief of the BJP, Laxman Savji, said that his party would wait and watch. \"The state-level leaders of the Sena-BJP-RPI (A) combine and the MNS will evaluate the situation after Holi and then arrive at a formula for the NMC,\" he said. \"The picture will be clear a few days before the mayoral poll.\"The MNS, however, is playing it safe. \"Raj Thackeray has made it very clear in his statement. In Nashik, the mandate of the people will be taken into consideration for forming the government. But if a proper alliance cannot be formed, the MNS will prefer to be in the opposition rather than opting for an unholy nexus. In other places also, Thackeray took the same thing into consideration,\" said MLA Vasant Gite.An MNS leader said that the party was hoping to field its first mayoral candidate but it is all a matter of money and as yet not much can be commented on the mayoral elections, though each party is trying its best.Meanwhile, in a meeting held by Congress leaders, Laxman Jaybhave has been made group leader for the party. The registration of the group will be done on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12173406", "title": "Zoo staffs' day out on Z-Day", "text": "MYSORE: It wasn't just another day for employees of Mysore zoo, which celebrated Zoo Day, on Tuesday.They took time off and participated in various events organized on the occasion. Over 36 employees were felicitated for their yeomen's service and the zoo also honoured children of employees who had excelled in school and board exams.Manager Shivanna told TOI, \"Earlier Zoo Day used to be celebrated by conducting special puja to deity Chamundeshwari and followed by lunch. But for the first time, sporting events were organized for employees, who otherwise are always busy in the office or zoo work. The credit goes to our executive director B P Ravi for planning the events.\"Manjunath, animal keeper working at the reptile section, remarked it was a different kind of experience for employees and all of them enjoyed every bit of the celebration on Tuesday, when the zoo was closed for public.Events like shotput, musical chair, sack race and lemon-and-spoon race were organized and winners were felicitated. On this occasion, the zoo felicitated 40 employees for their work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12170110", "title": "Backgrounder: UP assembly poll in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Before delimitation, the district had six assembly constituencies, viz Varanasi Cantt, Varanasi South, Varanasi North, Kolasala, Chiraigaon and Gangapur. Now, after delimitation, there are eight constituencies - Varanasi Cantt, Varanasi South, Varanasi North, Pindra, Ajagara (R), Shivpur, Rohaniya and Sevapuri.According to the 2007 election records, the Bharatiya Janata Party won three seats --Varanasi Cantt, Varanasi South and Kolasala in 2007 assembly elections. However, the then MLA of BJP from Kolasala Ajay Rai shifted his loyalties to Samajwadi Party and then to the Congress in later course. The SP won two seats-- Varanasi North and Gangapur-- while the Bahujan Samaj Party won one seat--Chiraigaon. The performance of the Congress was poor in Varanasi North, Kolasala and Gangapur while it performed better in Varanasi South and Varanasi Cantt. Similarly BSP's performance was poor in Varanasi South and Varanasi North. Parties like Rashtriya Lok Dal and Rashtriya Janata Dal performed very badly in 2007 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12170167", "title": "Ex-professor on panel to frame women's policy draft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pam Rajput, a former professor of Panjab University, is all set to etch the varsity's name in the country's history now.A senate and syndicate member, Rajput is among those chosen by the Union Ministry of Women and Child Welfare to draft crucial national policy recommendations on the status of women in India. She has been nominated to a high-powered 15-member committee that shall review the status of women in India from 1989 onward and further make crucial policy recommendations.Ironically, such a committee has been incepted after a gap of 41 years. It was in 1971 last that such a review was done on political, economic, legal, social status of women in the country.\"It is a great challenge to review the status, since women are not a homogenous group. Studying them in formal and informal sector, questions concerning their employment, opportunities and what facilities are available needs to be studied closely,\" Rajput said, adding that it was an arduous task to get the \"actual information\" related to women and their conditions since data available from various sources like women's group, researchers and the government might not be accurate.\"We can perhaps open the discussion for people. Their responses, participation and inputs can make the commission's report unique and more comprehensive,\" she added.The panel, being headed by former Supreme Court judge Justice Ruma Pal, is expected to compile its report by 2014 and comprises eminent women associated with the movement.Rajput, who is currently director of Women Resource and Advocacy Centre and vice-president, National Alliance of Women, received her letter from the ministry on February 28.\"The report, which was compiled by the first committee titled towards equality in 1974, is considered to a bible for those who wish to know the status of women in India. Being a part of the second such commission constituted in the country is an honour,\" added Rajput.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167748", "title": "Three persons held for plotting fake truck loot", "text": "BHOPAL: Unable to pay back installment of a truck, a transporter, aided by a driver and a cleaner, lodged a fake complaint of loot of his truck. However, the discrepancy in their statements gave their game away. The police on Tuesday arrested three persons for lodging a fake complaint of loot of a truck on the city outskirts on Raisen road on March 1.The prime accused had allegedly sold the truck one and a half month before the incident of the 'loot', the police said, adding the motive behind lodging the fake complaint was to claim insurance money.The police have arrested the truck owner, Mahesh Kulshreshtha; driver Mahendra and cleaner Bunty, all natives of Morena district.Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Yogesh Choudhary said, \"The three had come to Bhopal on March 1 to lodge a fake complaint.\"After selecting a deserted location on Bhopal-Raisen road, which appeared ideal for the loot incident, Kulshreshtha directed Mahendra and Bunty to lodge an FIR, the SSP said.During the investigations, the police came across a copy of Mahendra's driving licence which was furnished at a hotel in Hamidia Road area to get rooms when the three had come to the city to plot the incident.Similarly, the discrepancy in the three accused statements strengthened the suspicion of the police. Subsequently, the police went to Gwalior and recovered parts of the truck from a scrap dealer, Raju.The police said truck owner, Mahesh Kulshreshtha, got the truck financed a few years back, but he was unable to pay the installments. To overcome the loss and claim the insurance money, he planned to file a fake complaint of loot through his driver and cleaner. They were paid Rs 25,000 for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12168739", "title": "Gogoi says talk of him being named for vice-president's post is 'kiteflying'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday rubbished reports about his name being floated in AICC as the next vice-president of the country.Talking to media outside the house at the end of the fourth day of the budget session, Gogoi said, \"This is kite flying. There is no such thing about my name being floated by AICC for the post of vice-president. AICC has not consulted me on this,\" said Gogoi, laughing off all reports that have been published in the media over the past two days.\"The norms say the President's nomination has to be done first and then comes the nomination for the vice-president. Let the presidential nomination be made first,\" said the chief minister.The term of the President expires on July 24 while that of the vice-president ends on August 10. Media reports about Gogoi's name being floated by AICC as Hamid Ansari's successor triggered speculation within the ruling Congress in the state on who would succeed Gogoi as the chief minister.Rumours of Gogoi becoming the next vice-president were first heard about six months ago and Gogoi had then immediately declined to accept the post. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169473", "title": "New syndicate meets for first time at varsity", "text": "VADODARA: The first meeting of M S University's new syndicate body was held on Tuesday. The newly appointed syndicate members authorized MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh to constitute various committees.The syndicate members also cleared the annual report of the year 2010-11 which will be later placed before the senate members during the forthcoming senate meeting. The members assigned faculties to senate members.During the meeting, there was a general discussion regarding starting new foreign language courses in the university and monitoring self financed courses offered by the varsity. tnnA majority of members felt that university needs to go for strict monitoring of the various self financed courses that have been started over a period of time.Some members also suggested that university should start offering courses in Chinese and Spanish languages. Although there was a discussion on these steps, no resolution was passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12166539", "title": "Coalition power", "text": "Apart from the UP verdict, Punjab is another result that will hurt the Congress. Comfortably crossing the 59 seats needed for a majority, the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal-BJP combine became the first in 46 years to return to government for consecutive terms. The Congress was confident of riding the anti-incumbency wave in the state. But given Punjab`s proximity to the Centre, the party found it tough to override another kind of anti-incumbency - the anti-UPA mood of the urbanised and educated Punjabi electorate. The Congress`s complacency was indicated in its nominating Amarinder Singh , Punjab Congress president, as its chief ministerial candidate only a week before the elections. However, the SAD-BJP combine has been shored up by the stability of its coalition. It stands in sharp contrast to Congress`s refusal to tie up with SP in UP.Despite the relatively poor performance of the BJP compared to 2007, the SAD made significant gains by fielding more Hindu candidates. This was particularly evident in the Malwa region of the state, where the Congress had done well five years ago. On the other hand, the SAD-BJP coalition was also bolstered by the failure of former state finance minister Manpreet Badal`s newly formed People`s Party of Punjab to win even a single seat. The latter was expected to cut into the SAD`s vote base and indirectly help the Congress. In the end, the Congress failed to capitalise on anti-incumbency by taking the electorate for granted. It hoped that the people would vote for change without being a viable alternative itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168540", "title": "Lawyer son murder: Court allows CBI to file chargesheet", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday permitted the CBI to file a chargesheet in the murder of lawyer Sankarasubbu's son Satish Kumar within two weeks.A division bench comprising Justice C Nagappan and Justice P R Sivakumar, gave the permission, after additional solicitor-general of south India M Ravindran submitted a 60-page report explaining the circumstances and the probe details. Senior advocate N Natarajan and president of the Tamil Nadu Advocates Association S Prabakaran told the bench on Tuesday that the central agency had misdirected itself from the beginning, as it had not recorded statements from key suspects named by them. He said that Satish Kumar was targeted because his father had been filing cases against influential police officers.On June 7, 2011, Satish Kumar had left his home but never returned. On June 13, 2011, his body was found in the ICF North Colony lake. Suspecting foul play in his son's death, Sankarasubbu said that two police officers against whom he had conducted a case, which resulted in action against them, might be behind the death.On June 16, the Madras high court entrusted the investigation with the CBI, which had been struggling to crack the case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169832", "title": "SP, BJP share honours; Cong, BSP bite dust", "text": "KANPUR: Samajwadi Party (SP) won five Assembly seats. Bharatiya Janata Party bagged four. However, Congress party, which had won two seats in 2007 elections and contested the 2012 Assembly elections under the leadership of local MP Shri Prakash Jaiswal, performed badly by retaining only one urban seat out of 10. Apart from the defeat of sitting MLA Sanjeev Dariyabadi, Congress could not open its account in the rural belt. BSP also remained unsuccessful and could not win a single seat.BJP candidate Satish Mahana, who switched over to the newly constituted Maharajpur Assembly seat from his Cantt bastion, once again remained successful in registering his sixth successive win. The BJP stalwart registered a comfortable win by 29,889 votes.Arya Nagar was being regarded as the toughest seat in Kanpur as there was an intriguing triangular battle between Congress, BJP and SP. BJP's Salil Vishnoi, who switched over to Arya Nagar from Generalganj seat after delimitation, was successful in winning from the seat. Vishnoi got 51,200 votes, SP candidate Jitendra Bahadur came a close second with 35,789 votes.Voters of Sisamau reposed faith in SP candidate Irfan Solanki and elected him as their MLA. He switched over to Sisamau from Arya Nagar assembly seat and was successful in winning. Irfan received 56,496 votes, far ahead of BJP candidate Hanuman Swaroop Mishra, who got 36,833 votes.As per expectations, BJP candidate Satyadeo Pachauri from Govind Nagar win by a convincing margin. The victory margin of Pachauri was over 12,377 votes. Despite best efforts, Congress candidate Shailendra Dikshit could manage the second position with 44,779 votes while BSP's Sachin Tripathi came third with 30,963 votes in his kitty.The newly formed Kidwai Nagar seat was won by Congress candidate, Ajay Kapoor, who switched over to this seat from his traditional Govind Nagar constituency. There were expectations that BJP candidate Viveksheel Shukla would pose a major challenge for Ajay Kapoor. At one point during counting, Shukla even inched ahead.At Cantt, BJP candidate Raghunandan Singh Bhadauria emerged a winner by securing 42,551 votes. SP contestant Mohammad Hasan Rumi could manage 33,243 votes whereas Congress party's Abdul Mannan Ansari slid to third position with 31,122 votes.At Billahur (reserved), Aruna Kori received 87,804 votes to ensure her victory. Kamlesh Diwakar of BSP came second with 71,747 votes while Rakesh Sonker of BJP stood third with 25,473 votes.SP's Muneendra Shukla emerged victorious on Bithoor seat by bagging 61,081 votes. BSP's Ram Prakash Kushwaha received 60,410 votes and stood second while Congress party's Abhijeet Singh Sanga bagged 51,822 votes. BJP candidate Dinesh Awasthi received 17,955 votes.Semi-urban Kalyanpur seat went to SP's Satish Kumar Nigam. He received 44,789 votes and BJP's five-time winner Prem Lata Katiyar lost the seat by a thin margin of 2,383 votes. BSP's Nirmal Tewari secured 37,862 votes and remained on the third spot.At Ghatampur (reserved) Assembly seat, Samajwadi Party's Indrajeet Kori, who led from the first round of counting, maintained the lead and secured 50,657 votes. Saroj Kureel of BSP got 49,963 votes and lost the seat with a meagre margin of 694 votes. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172565", "title": "Jr. Milkha to team up with Madhavan for a golf film?", "text": "The title 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' just got a new relevance. Not only is the veteran sprinter Milkha Singh the subject of a new film to be directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra and featuring Farhan Akhtar as Milkha, Milkha Singh's son, a golf champion, might tie up with Madhavan for a film based on the game of golf.Madhavan is a state-level golf champ with innumerable championship trophies to his credit. Last month he teamed up with golf champ Jeev Milkha Singh for a Celebrity Challenge Match in Dubai .The duo went on to win the championship match.When contacted Madhavan said, \"I'm definitely keen on doing a film with golf as its main theme, like the Kevin Costner film 'Tin Cup'. It won't be just about the game because that wouldn't interest that many people.We're working on a subject that weaves golf into into a more generic plot.\"Would Maddy's sizzling Jodi Breakers co-star Bipasha Basu be on for the golf film? Says Madhavan, \"I'd love to have her on board. She's one of the coolest co-stars I've worked with. And, ha ha, also the hottest. We got along like a house on fire during the making of 'Jodi Breakers'. She's like a buddy. A real pal. And when she says I'm good husband material she makes me feel like a responsible dependable human being. We're definitely doing another film together.\"Prod him if she's going to be paired with him in the golf film and Maddy shoots back, \"Why not? Bipasha is very sporty. An outdoor sporty film would suit her just fine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12168395", "title": "Red caps storm saffron bastion in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The SP tsunami that swept through UP also crashed through the saffron citadel of Lucknow, leaving the BJP decimated. This saffron stronghold comprising five urban and four semi-urban assembly constituencies has, over the last 21 years, resisted many 'waves' and largely remained loyal to the BJP. Not this time.For the BJP, the rout is a severe embarrassment since it has always counted urban and semi-urban voters as its core constituency. Ever since the party rode the 'Ram Mandir' wave to power in 1991, it continued to win most of the 8 seats (9 post delimitation). On Tuesday, a stunned BJP counted the loss of Lucknow North seat as its worst defeat. Ashutosh Tandon 'Gopalji', its candidate from the seat, is the son of Lalji Tandon who represents Lucknow in Parliament. Lalji has been a close confidante of Atal Bihari Vajpayee and inherited the Lucknow Lok Sabha seat from him.Another shocking defeat for the BJP is that of Suresh Tiwari from Lucknow Cantonment. Tiwari has been winning this seat since 1996 and few gave UPCC President Rita Bahuguna Joshi any chance of winning this. But she proved the pundits wrong. Another long-time BJP legislator who went down was Suresh Kumar Srivastava, who had been representing the Lucknow Central seat since 1996. The Samajwadi Party's Ravidas Mehrotra trounced him.In 1991, the BJP bagged all the five urban seats of Lucknow region - Mohana, Lucknow East, Lucknow West, Lucknow Central and Lucknow Cantonment-and repeated its performance in the 1996 assembly elections. In 2002, the party's toll came down to four when it lost Mohana. The tally remained the same in 2007, lending credence to the popular impression that Lucknow is a BJP bastion that remains unaffected by any wave sweeping the state.This time only Lucknow East has saved the BJP from the ignominy of a complete rout by electing party veteran Kalraj Mishra. But for a party that cited its repeated wins in Lucknow as proof of its appeal among urban voters, this lone victory is small consolation.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "every year, the worlds urban population increases by about 60 million, half of which lives in asia . india currently has an estimated population of 377 million people and by 2026, 40% of its total population is projected to be living in the urban areas. the unicef in its report, the state of the worlds children 2012", "code": "12173394", "title": "Study on children", "text": "Every year, the worlds urban population increases by about 60 million, half of which lives in Asia . India currently has an estimated population of 377 million people and by 2026, 40% of its total population is projected to be living in the urban areas. The UNICEF in its report, The State of the Worlds Children 2012: Children in an Urban World, focuses on issues such as urban disparities, gender gaps and exclusion that children in the urban world face. Besides other areas, the report highlights the condition of the girl child.More than one billion children and counting, live in urban settings. Urban advances have been uneven, leaving millions of children in marginalised settings to confront daily challenges and deprivation of their rights. Children in urban areas are often better off than their rural counterparts thanks to the better standards of health, protection, education and sanitation.Some disparities transcend location. Girls growing up in poor households are disadvantaged regardless of whether they live in urban or rural areas. In the Republic of Benin, Africa , girls in urban and rural areas who come from the poorest 20% of the population receive less than two years of schooling, compared to three to four years for their male counterparts and about nine years for the richest boys in the urban and rural settings.However, in Pakistan , the difference in education between the poorest boys and girls is about three years in rural areas and about a year in the urban settings.The gender gap is more pronounced for poor girls in urban Tajikistan . On an average, girls receive less than six years of education, compared to about nine years for poor girls in rural areas.Interestingly, the gender gap is reversed in Venezuela , where the poorest boys in urban areas receive the least education less than three years of schooling, compared to four and a half years for the poorest girls in urban settings and about six and a half years for the poorest boys and girls in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169093", "title": "Mobile phones lead cops to Tirupur burglars", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police revealed on Tuesday that the Alukkas jewellery burglary in Tirupur was cracked by tracking the mobile phone usage of burglars.A special team which tracked cell phones, sifted through two lakh numbers from various mobile operators from February 17 to February 20. Based on the list of numbers, the special team police found four mobiles brought here from Jharkhand and decided to track the numbers.The special team took nine days to trace the burglars' mobile numbers and finally instructed a special team led by R Rajaram. Two days ago, the team nabbed three persons in a village situated along the border of Bangladesh shared with Jharkhand and West Bengal.\"Police suspect that four burglars entered the shop by breaking a ventilator while two others stood outside to keep watch. Later, when they were satisfied that they were safe, they called two accomplices over mobile phone. It was this call that gave them away,\" said sources.Three accomplices are still at large. According to sources, the burglars belonged to a village in Sahibganj district in Jharkhand. They were involved in various burglary cases in Jharkhand, Orissa and other states.According to sources, the trio told police that their gang leader had the loot, 36 kilograms of gold jewellerys and two kg of diamond studded gold jewellery worth Rs 10 crore. To confuse the police, they told them the loot was sent to Bangladesh. As the special team is focusing on recovering the stolen jewels, it has decided against bringing the trio to Tirupur.On February 20, a gang of six men broke into an outlet of Alukkas jewellery in Tirupur and decamped with 36 kg of gold jewellry and 2kg of diamond-studded gold jewellery, worth Rs 10 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12169401", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav: BSP memorials will not be demolished", "text": "LUCKNOW: Addressing his first press conference after Samajwadi Party's triumphant win in Uttar Pradesh, state party president Akhilesh Yadav categorically stated that the grand memorials and statues of dalit leaders, including that of BSP chief Mayawati in Lucknow and Noida, will not be razed.Akhliesh remarks, though, were in sharp contrast to Mulayam who has repeatedly said that SP will demolish the memorials if voted to power.Throughout its campaign, the SP leadership had attacked Mayawati for splurging public money on grand memorials and statues of dalit leaders including her own.On Tuesday, however, Akhilesh said the memorials will not be touched. \"We will get educational and hospitals constructed on the vacant land which was otherwise meant for the memorials,'' he said.Meanwhile, sources in Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) and Rajkiya Nirman Nigam said it depends how the maintanence of the memorials would be done. As per government records, the memorials have been built at a cost of over Rs 3,000 crore. As a rule, 10% of the total cost of a project goes into its maintenance. Going by this, the memorials would need Rs 300 crore annually for maintenance.Interestingly, the Samajwadi Party during its election campaign had been put the total cost of memorials at around Rs 40,000 crore. From that estimate, a whopping sum would be needed for the upkeep of BSP memorials.It also remains to be seen how soon the memorials are open to public to generate revenue that could eventually be used for their maintenance. Mayawati in her election rallies had said the total cost of the memorials had never been more than one per cent of the state budget. The BSP chief had also insisted that the revenue generation would be far more than the cost required for their maintenance.Construction of memorials became the top priority of the BSP after it stormed to power in 2007. Various structures in Ambedkar Park in Gomtinagar area of Lucknow were hammered down one after another to pave way for new structures. The exercise also took in its ambit the Gomtinagar stadium which was reportedly blown up with dynamite. In place of the stadium, now stand two towering bronze statues of Mayawati and Kanshi Ram, each estimated at a cost of over Rs 1.5 crore. The total cost of Ambedkar Park, now rechristened as Samajik Parivartan Prateek Sthal, is estimated to be over Rs 1,000 crore.Subsequently, the Ambedkar Maidan on Kanpur Road was truned into Kanshi Ram memorial at an estimated cost of Rs 500 crore. This memorial took into its ambit the 100-year-old Lucknow jail which too was bulldozed.Next, the irrigation office and the department's residential colony on VIP road were razed to pave way for the Buddh Vihar. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172007", "title": "Kolkata almost derails Kahaani", "text": "Even as the countdown to Kahaani's release this Friday begins, the much anticipated Vidya Balan starrer has landed in hot water with the Kolkata Metro Western Railway authorities demanding deletion of a major scene within the next two days.Contrary to reports flying around that the matter stands resolved, the film's fate very much hangs in balance. Reportedly, Kolkata Metro Railway General Manager P B Murthy will watch the film today and take a call on the scene in question.In the film, Vidya Balan's Vidya Bagchi is a seven-months pregnant NRI woman who arrives in the city of joy in search of her missing husband. And the scene that has created the controversy is wherein the visibly pregnant Vidya is waiting on the platform to board a metro at Kalighat station, when as soon as the train arrives, a man standing close to her pushes her onto the tracks.So what's all the fuss about? A source close to the project told Mirror, \"Producers Viacom18 and director Sujoy Ghosh did not include this scene in the script they handed over to the Kolkata Metro before shooting it at the station in question. So, the scene not only flouts ethics but is also a big shock to the Metro.Apart from depicting the Kolkata Metro in bad light, the government body is now left wondering as to why the makers were not transparent about the script.\" The situation as it stands is that the Kolkata Metro has categorically told the film's makers that while a certain amount of dramatisation is understandable, the objectionable scene is just not done.Apparently, senior officials of the Kolkata Metro Railway stumbled upon the promos of Kahaani on YouTube on the 24th of last month and as Metro Railway spokesperson Protyush Kumar Ghosh told Mirror, \"I found the clip objectionable and wrote a letter to the film's director citing our objection to it.We requested him to delete the particular portion and withdraw the promos as it showed the Metro in bad light.\" According to Protyush, Sujoy contacted them the very next day and withdrew the promos and other commercials. Although he also met Murthy and explained how the scene was integral to the film.Explained Protyush, \"As it is, there are many cases of suicides on metro tracks. Since the metro railway's inception in 1988, there have been a total of 234 cases registered with the authorities of which, as many as 120 people have died while the remaining 114 passengers have somehow managed to survive. Meanwhile, a source close to Sujoy said that the scene is actually a dream sequence and that no such scene was shot on the Kolkata metro platform; rather, it was done through computer graphics incorporating some special celluloid effects. When contacted, Viacom18 head honcho Vikram Malhotra refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168562", "title": "Mentally ill Norwegian woman rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: A Norwegian woman estimated to be around 25 years old was rescued by Udavum Karangal, an NGO working with destitute people, on Tuesday. She was found at Maduravoyal.Social workers from the NGO said she appeared to be mentally ill. \"Someone called us saying there was a foreigner roaming the streets with blood-stained clothes,\" said Geetha Jayan of Udavum Karangal. \"All we know for now is that she is from Norway and that her name is Catherina,\" said Geetha.Vidyakar, founder of the NGO said she had cut marks on her hand. \"A glass piece was lodged in her index finger. She has been restless. She attempted to run away,\" he said. We plan to contact the Norway embassy for more information, he said. \"She used a lot of Hindi words suggesting she had travelled across the country,\" said Geetha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12170883", "title": "Ibobi Singh on crumbling cake for Congress", "text": "IMPHAL: Hordes of political heavyweights including NCP Manipur unit president and opposition leader Radhabinod Koijam had to bite the dust as new giant killers pushed them down to the ground, changing the political map of Manipur as the results of the state's 10th assembly election were declared on Tuesday.Two Congress ministers - L Jayantakumar Singh and D D Thaisii - and legislator Bijoy Koijam also suffered a big setback in the polls though the ruling party has so far won a whopping 37 seats in the 60-seat assembly, enough to form the government comfortably for the third consecutive term.Koijam, also the former chief minister, was beaten by Trinmool Congress (TMC) nominee Khumukcham Joykishan Singh in Thangmeiband constituency in Imphal West by a margin of 984 votes. Leaders of some opposition parties, including NCP, had even projected Koijam for the chief ministerial post.\"My victory is the victory of the people. I'll continue to work for the welfare of my constituency in particular and the state in general,\" said a jubilant Joykishan, who has been doing social work in the constituency for the last five years.NCP is one of the key constituent members of the People's Democratic Alliance (PDA), the pre-poll opposition front formed by 11 non-Congress parties to defeat the ruling Congress.Veteran Manipur People's Party (MPP) leader O Joy Singh, who has won the Langthalbal seat in Imphal West seven times in the past, was left dejected after his nearest rival, Karam Shyam of the Lok Jan Shakti Party, routed him out of the constituency with a margin of 1,035 votes. V Alexander Pao, a nominee of the Nagalandbased Naga People's Front (NPF) defeated education minister D D Thaisii of the Congress in Karong constituency in the Naga-dominated Senapati district.In the prestigious Sagolband constituency in the heart of Imphal, R K Imo, a young nominee of the Manipur State Congress Party, defeated Congress legislator Kh Loken Singh.Karam Thamarjit of MSCP, who lost to rival Congress candidate Md Allaudin Khan in the 2007 assembly polls by just two votes, this time defeated Allaudin by 1,450 votes. A Sainik School alumnus and a former key post holder in a prestigious multinational corporation, Thamarjit is one of the young candidates fielded by the MSCP. Meanwhile, NCP's nominee, L Ibomcha Singh, defeated his nearest rival Congress minister, L Jayantakumar, in Keishamthong constituency in Imphal West.Congress legislator and deputy chairman of the state planning commission Bijoy Koijam was pulled down by young Trinamool Congress nominee T H Bishwajit Singh in Thongju constituency.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12169947", "title": "Funds push for open jail in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The dream project of the state's home (jail) department of the for the first-ever \"open jail\" near the Jaiprakash Narayan Central Jail at Hazaribag is likely to start functioning by the end of this year following release of Rs 5.8 crore for constructing quarters of jail officials.A new concept for accommodating 100 good conduct prisoners having served their 10 years in a separate jail along with their families was developed by the department. The prisoners would be picked up from different jails of the state including the central jails in Ranchi, Dumka, Hazaribag and Daltonganj, Jamshedpur and other jails, said Uday Prasad Kushwaha, superintendent of the Jai Praksh Narayan Central Jail here.He said the purpose of the open jail was to boost their morale. \"The department after studying the interests of the convicts approved the project and released funds for starting the construction work immediately. Quarters of the staff including superintendent, jailor, and doctors will be constructed.\" tnnEach of the 100 cottages which were completed earlier will have independent kitchen, water and power connections so that the convicts can have their own food. They will be provided with training for various vocational courses on the campus so that they can get employment after coming out of jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172053", "title": "Sandeep Chowta replaces Sajid-Wajid in Son of Sardar", "text": "After all the excitement around Sajid-Wajid composing the music for the upcoming Ajay Devgn starrer Son of Sardar, now comes the disappointment. With just one song recorded, the duo is suddenly out of the project.What's more, Sandeep Chowta has taken over as composer and even begun work on the title track of the film. A rather surprising turn of events, this... Word is that the composers, known for their proximity to Salman Khan , had a fallout with Devgn.When contacted, Wajid candidly told Mirror, \"The way it happened, we had to leave the project. The timings didn't gel. No problem. We'll work together again. In fact we're doing Ajay's next and have tremendous respect for him and his work.\"Ribbed about being unceremoniously dropped from the project, Wajid explained, \"We were busy and then Son Of Sardar was pushed ahead. We were expected to deliver within an impossible deadline and it just didn't work out. To add to our woes, our dadajee passed away. He was 105 but so agile till the very end that it was rather unexpected. His death threw our schedule further off-course.\"Although Wajid was quick to add, \"It isn't the end of the world. Like every grain goes to someone, similarly, every song has the name of the composer ingrained on it. We've composed one beautiful song rendered by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and as far as we're concerned, that's enough to leave our imprint on the film.\"Meanwhile, a source told Mirror, \"Ajay was very excited about the inclusion of Sajid and Wajid. He had a special Punjabi flavour and fervour in mind for the film and needed the composers' complete involvement. However, Sajid-Wajid got busy with other big projects. A lot of their time was taken up by Kunal Kohli's Shahid-Priyanka film. Then they got busy with the songs of Dabangg 2. Ajay felt Sajid-Wajid were neglecting his film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169054", "title": "Teen arrested for stealing cars, chains", "text": "HYDERABAD: A teenager was arrested and five stolen cars and 720 gms of gold were recovered from him by Chatrinaka police on Tuesday.He had allegedly committed 27 offences in the past few months in the city. The stolen goods recovered from him were worth about Rs 40 lakh, police said. The teen, Mohammed Akheel, 19, of Shah Ali Banda was arrested near Durdana cafe in Kandikal Gate while he was driving a Scorpio (AP 10 R- 1097) without any valid documents.On interrogation, Akheel confessed that he had committed several snatching offences and vehicle thefts in the city.Based on his confession, police recovered 720 grams of stolen gold, a Mahindra Scorpio , a Maruti Swift , a Hero Honda Karizma ZMR, a Yamaha YZMR bike, Hero Honda CBZ and four high-end Samsung mobile phones, all worth about Rs 40 lakh. The teenager was produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167794", "title": "\u2018Holi\u2019 advice: Go organic this year", "text": "BHOPAL: As the festival of colours nears, the paediatricians advise to switch to organic colours this Holi as 80% of colours available in the market are not fit for use. Usually there is a surge in the number of cases of severe irritation, dermatitis, burning, redness and blister formation during the festival time.The district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla said, \"The directives have been issued to all government and private hospitals to be prepared for medical emergencies related with Holi in particular.\"\"Some pastes contain toxic chemicals like asbestos or silica that can severely affect health,\" paediatrician Dr Rakesh Sukheja informed.Medical practitioners suggest that the children under 12 years of age are most venerable to the harmful colours.\"It is recommended that those with history of asthma or skin allergies should consult a doctor 48 hours before they start playing with colours,\" Dr Rakesh Mishra said.Doctors recommend protecting eyes while playing Holi, \"Any burning sensation in eyes should be taken seriously as it may have serious consequences,\" said Dr Sukheja.Antihistamines drugs to counter or suppress allergies are prescribed by doctors but not recommended in all cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12167515", "title": "Dinda powers Bengal to Vijay Hazare semis", "text": "NEW DELHI: There comes a point in every cricketer's life when he takes the big step forward. For Bengal paceman Ashok Dinda , the 2011-12 season has been that watershed year.Dinda added to his already bulging season's tally at the Vijay Hazare Trophy quarterfinal against Madhya Pradesh at the Palam ground, scalping 5/54 to script a 15-run win for Bengal. Dinda's wicket count stands at 67 from Ranji Trophy, Duleep Trophy and Vijay Hazare Trophy matches so far this season.Not only has the pace ticker gone by a few notches, Dinda has matured as a fast bowler. At 27 years of age, he is a changed bowler from the one who made is ODI debut in Zimbabwe back in 2010.\"The improvements are a result of lot hard work off the field. I haven't changed my natural jump but instead concentrated on delivering six balls at the same spot. Also bowling a little fuller than my natural length has helped me get much more swing this year,\" Dinda said after claiming his first five-wicket haul in the one-day format.On a surface where the ball hardly rose above shin height, Dinda made batsmen like Naman Ojha hurry into their strokes. But he had the Bengal batsmen to thank for posting a defendable total on a slow track. In a match which was curtailed to 45-overs-a-side after a one hour delay in start due to fog, Bengal posted a more than average total.Skipper Sourav Ganguly's (8) early departure didn't deter the side as first Manoj Tiwary (48, 63b, 3x4, 1x6) and then Wriddhiman Saha (53, 52b, 6x4) took up the task of resurrecting the innings. Saha, in fact, marched to his fifth successive half-century in the Vijay Hazare Trophy but failed to carry after on going for an ill-judged single to mid-wicket.But Anustup Mazumdar (55, 57b, 6x4, 1x6) took full toll of the MP attack in the later stages of the innings.MP's reply was rocked immediately by Dinda as Ojha (2) was sent packing early, failing to clear mid-off. Dinda added a second wicket in the second over itself, inducing an edge from the other opener Jalaj Saxena (12) and added a third with Rameez Khan mistiming a pull soon after.The Central Zone side always had their backs to the wall at 94/5 but Anand Singh's 54-ball 53 (4x4) kept their faint hopes alive. But Dinda returned for his second spell to trap Anand in front to end the resistance.\"The pitch here much like the surfaces we'll see in Mirpur (for the Asia Cup), a flat wicket. But you need to learn to deal with these things. Dadi ( Sourav Ganguly ) has been a big help throughout the season. Even today when I was getting carried away by bowling bumpers to the lower-order batsmen, he told me to keep it on a good length,\" Dinda said.In fact, Ganguly has played a big role in Dinda's move from Delhi Daredevils to Sahara Pune Warriors this season. \"Dadi had already told me that he wanted me. I hope that I'll prove worthy of his faith this season in IPL,\" he said.Brief Scores: Bengal 230/8 in 45 ovs (Anustup Mazumdar 55, Wriddhiman Saha 53, Manoj Tiwary 48; Sudhindra 2/47) bt Madhya Pradesh 215 in 44.3 ovs (Anand Singh 53; Dinda 5/54, Shukla 2/37).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "12173001", "title": "Google told to share Android data with Apple", "text": "CHICAGO: A Chicago court ruling says Google and Motorola Mobility must provide Apple with detailed information regarding the purchase and development of Android.Bloomberg reports that Google and Motorola Mobility must turn over information to Apple about the 2005 acquisition and further development of the Android operating system. They must also disclose to Apple information surrounding Google's pending $12.5 billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility.The order was made on Monday in the US District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (Chicago) by US Circuit Judge Richard A Posner who is currently presiding over a court-level patent lawsuit filed by Apple in 2010 against Motorola Mobility.Posner, usually a federal appeals court judge, seems to agree with Apple's attorneys in that the \"Android/Motorola acquisition discovery is highly relevant to Apple's claims and defenses,\" granting Apple's motion for the requested information.In a response to Apple's motion, Motorola argued to leave Google out of the lawsuit, as Google's employees and documents are not within the 'possession, custody, or control' of Motorola. \"Motorola cannot force Google to produce documents or witnesses over Google's objections,\" lawyers for Motorola Mobility said.Company lawyers also argued that Google's acquisition of Motorola and Android has nothing to do with any damages asserted in the case. Yet Google has agreed to comply with all discovery requests that seek information relevant to the case. Google will even provide witnesses for deposition, Motorola Mobility's attorneys said.Back-to-back trials before separate juries will begin on June 11. The first trial will address Apple's six patent claims whereas the other trial will cover Motorola's three patent claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12169553", "title": "A ritual at their doorsteps for many", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city is spruced up to welcome over 35 lakh devotees to offer the Pongala ritual on Wednesday.Yet, this year, more devotees have joined hands to perform the ritual at their door steps in flats and houses.\"With the increase in the number of devotees this year, it is difficult to find a spot in the vicinity of the temple and people perform the ritual at their apartment premises in the city,\" said S Udayalakshmi, Fort ward councillor. \"There are three housing colonies in Fort ward and all are performing the pongala ritual at their home premises with family and friends\", she said adding that she would also perform it at her home.Many residents of apartment complexes in Kannamoola, Palayam, Kesavadasapuram and Kamaleswaram have planned to offer pongala in their premises.\"True, during the Ponagala day with lakhs of devotees pouring in from different places across the state and even from outside, it is difficult to perform pongala anywhere near the temple, so this year we have decided to perform it at our flat premises,\" said S Aparna, a resident of Kannamoola.\"The decision to perform pongala at one's own front yard is a reasonable one, for it can prevent overcrowding at the temple and it can create a spiritual and festive ambience at home, joined by relatives and friends,\" says Rekha N, a teacher and a resident of Kesavadasapuram.Kamaleswaram ward councillor Reshmi M B says, all the extension roads and bylanes leading to the temple are occupied by devotees already. So this year there is no option but to perform it at the premises of their home, flats or adjacent bylanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12168980", "title": "With Noida jinx at work, fingers are crossed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The spectacular return of Mulayam Singh Yadav is haunting most developers and builders of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway, a hub of affordable housing in NCR. Most of them believe tough times are round the corner. They expect a backlash from the new government as Mayawati had an emotional connect with the area. Her ancestral village is in Badalpur in Greater Noida and she also braved the Noida jinx - any CM who visits Noida is bound to lose the job goes the belief.Since it is an area that has not lagged behind in development with maximum commercial activity in UP, it helps political parties in raising funds.It's definitely bad news for Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL), which is considered to be close to Mayawati and has a number of ongoing projects in the state. The stock price of JAL had fallen by 5.57 % the day Sensex fell by only 1.5%.During its last tenure in 2002-07, Mulayam's government had raised objections to the Yamuna Expressway project, connecting Greater Noida and Agra, which was awarded to JAL by Mayawati during her tenure as chief minister in 1998-2002. This not only delayed the project but also affected development of a vast track of land along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway and Yamuna Expressway, given to JAL as part of development cost. The sports village, where the F1 racing track has been built by JAL, has been developed on one of the five land parcels given to the company.The F1 racing event last year was a huge success and added to the attraction of the Noida and Greater Noida region. But to implement the project, JAL had to enter into a protracted legal battle.Similarly, a number of other projects in the region may get delayed if the new government turns vengeful.Yamuna Expressway: Construction of Yamuna Expressway is almost complete and the toll plaza will be ready in March. The new government, however, will have to take a number of decisions on issues like the toll charges, speed limit and security arrangements before it is opened to public. In fact, the road has not been opened because of the fear of overspeeding.International airport at Jewar: Construction of an international airport is very important for development of the entire eastern region of NCR, including Noida, Greater Noida, Ghaziabad and Meerut. The Mayawati government was trying for this, but since her relations with the central government were not so cordial, the project remained a non- starter.The main hurdle in the way of the project is the rule that no two international airports can coexist within a distance of 150 km. Jewar is 72 km from IGI Airport in Delhi. The outgoing state government was ready to compensate GMR, which is the main developer of IGI Airport.Formula 1 car racing: The new government may levy entertainment tax on the entry ticket. This may affect the viability of the project. The outgoing government had exempted it from entertainment tax.Noida Extension: The Mayawati government has been censured badly by the judiciary for the manner in which it acquired around 3000 acres of land in the area. But her policy to increase the floor area ratio and the number of units that can be built on the given land enabled the developer to sell flats in the affordable price range of Rs 10 lakh to Rs 20 lakh. Around 50,000 apartments have already been sold off. A total of around 200,000 flats are to be built in the area.Following a series of court judgments, the authority settled with the farmers and paid an additional amount, equivalent to almost 50% of the original price. But some of the farmers have now gone to Supreme Court though a majority has agreed to accept the new price.The developers are apprehensive that the new government might change its stand before Supreme Court, which will affect the entire project.Dadri power plant: Mulayam's comeback is welcome news for the Anil Ambani group as the junior Ambani is considered to be close to him. Whether the victory will be of any use to the group is still not clear. Land acquisition for the power project is pending in Supreme Court. The Allahabad high court had given a verdict against the acquisition and had asked the government to return the land to the farmer who can return the money. The Anil Ambani group and the state government challenged the verdict in SC.Ponty Chadha: His group is considered to be close to Mayawati and may face problems under the new regime. It has asked for 5000 acres of land on the Yamuna Expressway to develop a township. In Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway, it is the Authority which acquires the land and sells it to the developer. Chadha will find it difficult to secure the land from the Authority under the new government. But, finally, Chadha is a businessman and knows how to build bridges to win favour.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170121", "title": "Register property, get tax benefits: Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has appealed to owners of unregistered properties, built within the municipal limits in the last six years, to register with the property tax department.Vilas Kanade, head, property tax department, PMC, said, \"The notification of the state government allows us to send notices to properties, which have been built in the last six years, but are not in the ambit of tax. Tax will be charged at the rates which were prevalent when these properties were constructed.\"Kanade said that people should come forward to take benefit of the scheme. \"For instance, if a person has constructed his/her property in 2006, then he/she will be charged tax according to the property tax rates during that period. Since the tax rates are less compared to the existing rates, people will be able to register their properties at comparatively lesser rates.\"In the last three years, the PMC has brought 1.27 lakh new properties in the city under the tax net.The city has 6.88 lakh registered properties. There are around 45,000 properties which are still unassessed and the civic body is making an effort to bring all these properties in the tax net. The change of purpose of these properties (from residential to commercial) has either not been registered with the civic body or the owners have not approached the PMC for assessment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168855", "title": "Shantaram wants panel to analyze Congress loss", "text": "PANAJI: After what Congress Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik admitted was \"a very heavy defeat\", the party seems to be contemplating a suitable explanation for their poll loss.Addressing mediapersons, Naik said, \"The Goa Pradesh Congress Committee accepts the electoral defeat of the party in all humility. We salute the verdict of the people and we will try and see what went wrong.\" In politics you have to take the ups and downs in your stride, he said.\"People have replied on different issues,\" said Naik while listing mining, 'family raj', and tickets to defectors as some of them.Naik said Congress would play the role of a constructive opposition. \"We will raise issues mentioned in our manifesto. We will not hesitate to take the government to task if we find any policy is against the people,\" he said.He added that the reasons for the party's trouncing are to be analyzed. \"The party will take some time to analyze the reasons for the defeat,\" said Naik, adding that \"it will be better if a committee is constituted to analyze the causes of the defeat. I will suggest to the high command that a committee should be constituted\".The leader of opposition will be chosen in consultation with MLAs when the party's central observers come, he concluded.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168979", "title": "Tanker water for peripheral areas from March 15", "text": "HYDERABAD: With surrounding municipal circles facing acute water scarcity even before the onset of summer, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has prepared an action plan to supply water to the peripheral areas of the city.The corporation will provide tanker water to colonies in surrounding circles for the next four to five months depending on the situation. Apart from pressing additional water tankers into service, new borewells would be sunk and old ones would be repaired.Based on the reports sent by deputy municipal commissioners and other field staff a week ago on water problem in the surrounding circles, the GHMC commissioner has prepared an action plan. As per the plan, GHMC would supply water through tankers from March 15 and take up borewells in the surrounding municipalities. The corporation has decided to spend Rs 11.44 crore for the same.Many surrounding municipal circles such as Kapra, Malkajgiri, Serilingampally, Qutubullapur, Alwal and Rajendranagar, some areas of Kukatpally and Uppal do not get piped water. The GHMC has been entrusted the job of providing water supply through tankers and maintenance of borewells of surrounding areas soon after merger of peripheral municipal circles.As per a decision taken at a review meeting headed by the then chief minister in 2008, the GHMC has to provide bulk water supply through tankers and maintain borewells for five years and later hand over the water supply in surrounding areas to the HMWS&amp;SB.;As many as 125 water tankers, with five trips a day, have been supplying water to colonies and localities in the erstwhile municipalities, GHMC officials said. Now, 36 additional tankers would be pressed into service.The GHMC has earmarked Rs 2.75 crore for Kukatpally circle, Rs 1.73 crore for Kapra, Rs 1.01 crore for LB Nagar, Rs 1.11 crore for Malkajgiri, Rs 1.02 crore for Rajendranagar, Rs 88.64 lakh for Alwal and Rs 71.40 lakh for Qutubullapur municipal circle. \"Of 2,639 power borewells, 344 are under repair and 294 have become defunct. Apart from getting them repaired, we will sink 357 additional borewells in the peripheral areas,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI.Since, sinking new borewells by a government agency was getting delayed, the corporation would take the help of private companies, the engineer-in-chief said.Jail for two municipal commissionersJustice Naushad Ali of the AP High Court on Tuesday sentenced to jail both former and present commissioners of Anakapalle municipality, K Venkateshwar Rao and Appala Naidu respectively. The action of the officials in not complying with the court orders was described as incorrigible. The judge was dealing with a contempt plea filed by one Girija Kumari, widow of a former medical officer. The husband of the petitioner had purchased a plot from the municipality and paid all the installment amounts in this regard while he was in service. He retired in 1987. When the authorities failed to recognise his title and alter the revenue records, he obtained a decree from the civil court in 1992. After his death, the authorities sought to recover amounts from the pension of the widow. She too filed a civil suit and then a writ petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168785", "title": "First-timers play hard ball with veterans", "text": "PANAJI: What was suspected about Avertano Furtado turned out to be true. The former footballer pipped the patron of the mighty Churchill Brothers to the post in Navelim.PWD minister Churchill Alemao, who had dislodged another strongman, Luizinho Faleiro, in 2007, got a dose of his own medicine this time.Though Furtado donned his (political) jersey for the first time, the former Salgaocar and MRF goalkeeper pulled off one of the biggest upsets in this poll clash. His goal may have been difficult to achieve if the BJP had not supported him. Furtado's victory margin of 2,145 votes shows he edged his rival very comfortably. Next door, another former footballer, Benjamin D'Silva, put it past another veteran-forest minister Felipe Neri Rodrigues. Many had got a whiff of an upset, but it seemed half unlikely.Helped by the curious incidents in the Velim parish-a raid on the priest's residence and a subsequent mob attack on five policemen-D'Silva garnered a massive share of the vote to win by a margin of 4,926 votes.Rodrigues polled 8,238 votes, but it could not match the share of 13,164 votes the former Salcete midfielder garnered in the nearby Velim constituency.On the other side of the spectrum, former vice-president of Band president of the Goa Cricket Association, Dayanand Narvekar, who has been in politics since 1977, minus a term in 1989, received a jolt from a former junior national footballer in Aldona.BJP candidate, Glen Ticlo, who preferred football over business, goaled out Narvekar for only the second time in the latter's nearly four-decade-old political career by a margin of 3,936 votes.Ticlo secured 11,315 votes, while Narvekar could manage only 7,839 votes.In the other major upset, this time in Ponda, a retired policeman, Lavu Mamledar, tasted success at his second attempt to unseat home minister Ravi Naik. Naik, a well known volleyball player, found his hopes spiked by Mamledar by a large margin of 3,190 votes. Mamledar bagged 12,662 votes to Naik's 9,472.The PWD minister's younger brother, Joaquim Alemao, had the mortification of being upset by a relative newcomer, BJP's Subhash Rajan Naik in Cuncolim.The urban development minister had to his credit a lot of development, but in a multiple contest, he could muster only 6,425 votes while Naik bettered it with 7,738 - a difference of 1,313 votes. A few more surprises were witnessed in Tivim, Calangute, St Andre, Fatorda and Vasco. BJP candidate Kiran Kandolkar upset tourism minister and NCP MLA Nilkanth Halarnakar's applecart in Tivim.In Calangute, MLA Agnelo Fernandes found the going tough against ZP member and BJP candidate Michael Lobo and lost by a margin of 1,869 votes. Writer-dramatist Vishnu Wagh sprang a surprise in St Andre, carving out a first win for the BJP in this Congress-United Goans bastion. Wagh polled 8,818 while Silveira bagged 7,599, a difference of 1,219.NCP leader Jose Philip D'Souza went down to local councillor Carlos Almeida by a huge margin of 4,490 votes in the port town of Vasco.And independent candidate Vijai Sardesai was another surprise winner, creating the only upset of a sitting MLA of the BJP, as he accounted for Damodar Naik's loss in Fatorda.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168681", "title": "Clock stops ticking as NCP strikes zero", "text": "PANAJI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) was wiped out by the electorate in the assembly elections with the party losing in all seven seats it had contested.NCP had contested in Mapusa, Tivim, Siolim, Porvorim, Saligao, Mayem and Sanguem and had a pre-poll alliance with Congress. NCP lost all of the seats to BJP, leaving party bosses red-faced.NCP state unit president Surendra Sirsat blamed the defeat on several factors. \"I honour the verdict given by the people of Goa. The Congress' family raj policy, illegal mining, regional plan and medium of instruction issues affected our chances,\" he said.\"Our party cadre was not consulted when it came to decision-making on election tickets and instead tickets were given to candidates, including a Congress leader's family member, and persons propped up by the Congress,\" Sirsat added.The party had also been riddled with internal problems as factions quarreled over what stance the party should take on the medium of instruction. NCP did not have a clear-cut policy on this, which saw some leaders quit the party. The second blow came after NCP distributed tickets to candidates recommended by Congress rather that to its own members. This caused much resentment within the rank and file leading to a second exodus of leaders to other parties.Sirsat further said Congress and NCP leaders should sit down and introspect on what went wrong. \"Leaders at higher levels should introspect on the reason for this debacle. We can rectify these blunders and go before the people again,\" he said.The NCP state president further asked the people to scrutinize the performance of the BJP-MGP alliance government. \"Just like we were scrutinized, the people must now do the same with the BJP-MGP alliance government. They have made huge promises. Let us see if they live up to their promises. If one remembers, the BJP were in power a few years ago, people saw what they could do and brought the Congress-NCP back to power during the next election. Let us wait and see what happens now,\" Sirsat said.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12170264", "title": "Graffiti artists paint the city red", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It is heyday for graffiti artists thanks to the CPM which believes that it is the art of the masses.The party has employed around 50 artists including party workers to draw and write on walls across the city the theme of the upcoming 20th party Congress.The art of graffiti had lost its charm to flex boards and electronic displays, but the party has left to the graffiti artists the display of communist legends.\"I was engaged in drawing graffiti for more than 15 years. But I quit the field a few years ago with the emergence of flex boards,\" said Jayaraj K T, for whom it is a passion. He had undergone training in drawing from a private institute in the city.Jayaraj used to earn around Rs 500 a day when the use of flex boards was not very common. But with people started preferring flex boards over graffiti his earning declined drastically.\"Graffiti is the most sought after form of advertisement during the time of major conferences as it catches eyes very easily. Also it offers varieties compared to flex boards and other mediums,\" said K T Dinesh, under whom six artists are busy etching Marx and Lenin.Dinesh says that very few people are engaged in the art as majority of them have switched over to other works for a better livelihood.The graffiti artists charge Rs 8 for a square feet of work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12170164", "title": "Commercial vehicle owners want 50% concession in toll", "text": "PUNE: The Poona District Motor Transport Society has threatened to go on strike if its demand for a 50 per cent toll concession for goods and commercial passenger vehicles registered at RTO offices in Pune district is not met.Members of the society say that despite Union government directives, no concession is being given at toll nakas on the national highways in the district.Addressing a news conference on Tuesday Rajendrasingh Rajput, president of the society said, \"As per rule 4 of the Gazette notification dated January 12, 2011 of the ministry of road, transport and highways, commercial vehicles registered within Pune district should be charged 50% of the prescribed toll rate. While toll nakas in Thane district have started giving this concession to transporters, toll nakas in Pune district should take similar steps immediately.\"Rajput said there are around 2,500 society members involved in goods and milk transportation who will go on strike if the demand is not met within 15 days.He said commercial vehicles registered at the RTOs in Pune, Baramati and Pimpri-Chinchwad are eligible for the concession. Transporters are paying heavy tolls within the state and the government needed to take steps to minimize the toll paid, he said. The government should also give toll concessions for empty vehicles, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168565", "title": "State gets no fresh fund for buying swanky buses", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is set to scrap pre-2007 commercial vehicles in compliance with a Calcutta high court order, but it is still not sure if the state will get the next consignment of swanky buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme. Non-payment of EMIs for buses private operators bought in the first phase has led the Centre hold back the next installment of Rs 50 crore.According to sources in the transport department, the Centre has raised objections to the state's purchase-and-fund utilization procedure during the first phase. It held that the erstwhile Left government had flouted the rules set under the scheme.For each JNNURM bus that costs Rs 19.85 lakh, the Centre bears 35% of the cost, 15% is paid by the state while the permit holder is supposed to pay the rest over a period of eight years at Rs 22,000 a month. This apart, a refundable (but without interest) Rs 2 lakh had to be deposited with the West Bengal Transport Infrastructure Development Corp (WBTIDC).To facilitate easy repayment, the Left Front had first scaled down the EMI from Rs 22,000 to Rs 18,000. The Trinamool government reduced the EMI further to Rs 14,000. But these efforts could not change the habit of non-repayment among the private operators.\"We will seize buses of the defaulters when they come to obtain fitness certificate. Already, we have seized two buses,\" said transport department joint secretary Tarapada Majhi.The WBTIDC had taken bank loan on behalf of the operators, who were supposed to pay back in form of installments. However, the agency is now paying a whopping Rs 10 crore every month as bank interest while bus operators have stopped paying the installments.The Left Front government had purchased 1,180 buses in the first phase in 2009. They were supposed to buy 1,300 buses - 100 for Asansol-Durgapur urban area and the remaining for Kolkata. The purchase was done keeping in mind the scrapping of pre-93 vehicles. The state then fixed the routes arbitrarily without a feasibility study, alleged an official. As a result, most of the routes turned out to be economically unviable.Defying the JNNURM rule, a number of buses were diverted to long-distance routes where they soon turned out to be a blooper. \"These buses are meant for city routes. If you run them in long routes, it would become financially unviable,\" said an official.While the government is pointing fingers at the operators, the permit holders have their own reasons for non-payment of installments. \"The operating cost of these buses is very high. Moreover, we could not increase the fare though diesel prices shot up significantly. We just could not bear the operating cost. How could we repay EMI?\" reasoned Tapan Bandyopadhyay of Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.\"The mode of payment was given in the JNNURM guideline, but the government messed up everything because no steps were taken against the defaulters. It depends on how the government wants to monitor the situation,\" an official said. Things have come to such a pass that the state transport department has called a meeting with operators next week at Writers' Buildings to sort out the issue.Kolkata: Non-payment of EMIs by private operators has put a question mark on Bengal's getting the next consignment of swanky buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) scheme. The Centre is sitting on the next instalment of Rs 50 crore due to flouting of JnNURM rules by the preceding Left Front government.The uncertainty over getting new buses comes at a time when the state government is all set to scrap pre-2007 commercial vehicles, in compliance with the Calcutta High Court order of banning 15-year-old vehicles.Sources in the transport department said the Centre has raised objections to purchase and fund-utlisation procedure during the first instalment. The Centre held that the state government flouted the rules set under the scheme. Senior transport officials conceded that a majority of private operators running the new buses particularly in long distance routes defaulted in EMI-payment. It has got a ripple effect on the scehme of things. For each JnNURM bus that costs Rs 19.85 lakh, the Centre bears 35% of the cost, the state bore 15% , while the remaining 50 per cent has to be borne by the permit holder over a period of eight years (96 months) at Rs 22,000 a month. This apart, a refundable (but without interest) Rs 2 lakh had to be deposited with the West Bengal Transport Infrastructure Development Corporation(WBTIDC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170465", "title": "Fringe parties pushed into oblivion", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party tsunami swept all and sundry in the state and fringe parties were no exception. While bigger parties like the BSP, BJP and the Congress might still return sometime in future with additional ammo and firepower, the dream of a clutch of fringe players to establish themselves in the politics of UP seems to have been quite literally blown away.Results of candidates from various small parties, including Independents, paint a gloomy picture. Let's take the most-talked about such party of late, the Peace Party of India led by Dr Mohd Ayub, a native of Gorakhpur district. Based on a few performances of the past, in both the Lok Sabha and Assembly bypolls (in Dumariyaganj and Lakhimpur Khiri), political pundits had started predicting a larger role for the party. In fact, Ayub fancied himself as a kingmaker.However, the Peace Party of India could only win in four constituencies. Ayub won from Khalilabad, garnering 55,841 votes and defeating his nearest BSP rival Mashoor Alam by a margin of 5,392 votes.Similarly, former SP MLA contesting on PPI ticket from Domariyaganj, Kamal Yousuf Malik, defeated Saiyada Khatun of BSP by a margin of 1,589 votes. Then, Akhilesh Singh, fighting from Rae Bareli, comfortably defeated his nearest SP rival Ram Pratap Yadav by a margin of 29,494 votes. Finally, Aneesur Rehman from Kanth in Moradabad defeated his BSP rival by a margin of 1,534 votes.The good start, however, might go unnoticed. Perhaps to ensure their presence, the party has gone ahead with what experts called a \"strange\" decision to support the Samajwadi Party. Talking to the TOI, general secretary of the party, Dr MJ Khan, said the PPI's move to go with the Samajwadi Party was taken a day before results were announced.Strangely, Rajendra Chaudhary, the Samajwadi Party's spokesperson, feigned ignorance about the whole thing. Apna Dal, another small party, could manage only one win. The party's general secretary, Anupriya Patel, daughter of founder-president Sone Lal Patel, won the lone seat from Rohaniya in Varanasi.Other than this, Quami Ekta Dal, floated by Afzal Ansari, won two seats. MLA Mukhtar Ansari, who has a slew of criminal cases against him, was just about able to retain his Mau seat. Sibgatulla Ansari, also of QED, won the Mohammadabad seat in Ghazipur. Sharad Pawar's NCP managed to open its account when former BSP minister Fateh Bahadur Singh, who went to join Pawar, won from Campierganj. In all, showing by the fringe parties did not, in the end, account for much in the UP polls. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169021", "title": "World awaits the great Indian dream, says Kotler", "text": "HYDERABAD: After having established itself as a global leader in IT and pharma generics, India is not only poised to emerge as the world's auto factory and medical tourism hub but also as a global peacemaker as it can offer the world the great Indian dream that strikes the ideal balance between materialism and spiritualism, management guru Philip Kotler has said.\"You certainly have the brain power... You have schools like IITs and IIMs.... India has done a tremendous job with IT and generic drugs. But what will India be selling 5-6 years from now? Why shouldn't India, with its better economics, hope to be the car manufacturer to the world,\" Kotler told newspersons on the sidelines of a one-day seminar on 'Values driven marketing - the road to change' organised jointly by Apollo Hospitals' philanthropic initiative 'Sachi' and Hyderabad-based Winning Edge Events.Reeling off names of top Indian corporates like Infosys, Wipro, Tatas and Birlas, Kotler confessed to being impressed by the changes that had taken place since his first visit to the country in 1956 and said the way forward for India was to focus not on being the best at everything but on honing its differential competitive advantage.Here he pointed out that with the great American dream souring because it had gotten too materialistic, the world was now looking to India to share its great Indian dream. \"China offers no dream because it is mostly about doing business and hence materialistic. India can offer a balanced view of life with materialism and spiritualism and show the world what the good life is all about .\"This Indian way of life and the country's religious and spiritual background are also ideally suited to make India peacemaker to the world, feels the octogenarian marketing guru. \"Look at what's happening in Syria , Iran and Iraq . India can take the middleway position and bring peace to the world.\"\"Indians are good at analytical reasoning and mathematics. You also have a good religious background and have a lot of concepts that can offer wonderful ideas for peace making and health-making.\"The high-profile marketing guru was of the opinion that the only major limitations apart from poverty that were holding India back from achieving its full potential were infrastructure constraints and too much regulation by the Indian government, especially in sectors like retail.While admitting that the entry of retail giants like Walmart would hurt mom and pop stores, he said on the positive side it would give a boost to employment and bring costs down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12170406", "title": "Have licence to kill Qaida\u2019s American jihadis abroad: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Asserting that the US faced tough threats from the American recruits of al-Qaida, a top Obama Administration official has said that the government has \"clear authority\" to kill its citizens abroad who are believed to be holding a terrorist threat.\"Given the nature of how terrorists act and where they tend to hide, it may not always be feasible to capture a US citizen terrorist who presents an imminent threat of violent attack,\" US Attorney General Eric Holder said.\"In that case, our government has the clear authority to defend the US with lethal force,\" Holder said at Chicago's Northwestern University School of Law.Holder said the argument by some that the US president is required to get permission from a federal court before taking action against a US citizen who is a senior operative of the al-Qaida or associated forces is not accurate.Pak allows Osama kin to go back homePakistani authorities have allowed the family members of slain al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden, including his widows and children, to leave the country, a media report said on Tuesday. A Yemeni brother-in-law of Laden has arrived in Pakistan to take away his two Yemeni widows, a newspaper quoted official sources as saying.Bin Laden was killed by US special forces in an early morning raid in the garrison town of Abbotabad on May 2 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12168153", "title": "'Blocks put up to prevent heavy traffic on Yeshwant Stadium road'", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems the Nagpur Municipal Corporation officials are unaware of the rules for blocking city roads very well. On Tuesday, a day after TOI exposed the erection of illegal cement blocks on the busiest Yeshwant Stadium road, which allow only two wheelers to pass creating problem for people and traffic, NMC's Dhantoli zone officials admitted that the blocks were put up by them, but said it was done just to prevent heavy vehicles traffic on that particular stretch.NMC's Dhantoli zone officer, Mahesh Dhamecha clarified that the Nagpur bench of Mumbai High Court while hearing a petition filed by Dhantoli Nagarik Mandal and a petitioner Madan Thool in August 2010, asked civic body to initiate steps to regulate traffic and prevent accidents on the particular stretch which has been used as a 'shortcut' especially by four-wheeler and other heavy vehicles coming from Panchasheel square to go to Munje square and a vice versa since last many years.When on Sunday, TOI inquired about the blocks on public thoroughfare, it was told that neither NMC, traffic police, nor were the shop owners were aware about the agency that has put the blocks illegally.A senior NMC officer requesting anonymity informed that Dhantoli zone officer, Mahesh Dhamecha is not aware about the road blocking procedure. As per City of Nagpur Corporation Act-1948, for blocking any road, approval of civic house is mandatory. NMC then issues notification and ask for objections from people. If there no objection from people and any other agency then only the road is blocked for traffic, he added.However, Dhamecha clarified that though the high court has not directed to erect barricades or put up blocks to stop vehicular traffic, it has asked NMC to initiate preventive measures to check traffic on the peripheral road meant only for those coming to Yeshwant stadium to attend sports , cultural and educational programmes and visit shops located in stadium.The senior officer informed that the intersection which is meant only for normal traffic earlier had high volume of four wheeler traffic because it is a shortcut from Munje square to Panchsheel square. As a normal practice while coming from Panchasheel square, people should use straight road till Mehadia square and then take a left turn and go to Munje square. However over last many years people have made the peripheral road as a short cut for their convenience, Dhamecha informed.Dhamecha, however, admitted that erection of low height concrete blocks without any radium signals has created trouble for all kind of vehicles and assured that soon proper radium poles will be put up instead of concrete blocks. Display boards and signboards will also be put up to regulate heavy traffic. The present blocks were erected temporarily after joint inspection by a team of NMC and traffic police officials, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169557", "title": "Genuine Holi colours, who cares?", "text": "JAIPUR: Every time when the festival of colours is round the corner, so much is said and communicated on avoiding the synthetic and chemical colours, but older shops in the Walled City selling good quality colours believe that customers have no taste for genuine and authentic colours. Even for those customers looking for good quality colours, the options are very less and they are compelled to purchase poor standard colours.Bhayaji Fida Hussain and Sons, a 100-year-old shop selling Holi colours throughout the year since their colours are sought to make 'Rangolis' during VIP or VVIP movements across the state, sells 'Arrowroot'-made colours. But, it complains that clients looking for good quality colours for Holi are limited since these colours are a bit costly.\"Logon ka sasta rang chahiyey (People want cheaper colours),\" said Nisaar Khan, owner of the shop but said that in his ancestral shop his family never entertained people looking for cheaper and dangerous colours.\"Many people who have been coming to our shop for so many years know the quality we provide, thus without questioning us, they just come and choose their colours. But the irony is despite the fact that there is much publicity on the ill-effects of the chemical colours, people are ignorant when it comes to purchasing good quality colours,\" he said.\"A normal Holi colour is sold at Rs 20 per packet of 250 grams while we have herbal colours ranging from Rs 40 to Rs 50 per packet of 250 grams,\" Nisaar said.In the Walled City, many people still go for the geninue Holi colours but due to less demand of it, the number of such shops is limited.\"It is just a three-day business. Rather than thinking much, we purchase the colours from the wholesale dealers and start selling it,\" a trader at the Tripolia Bazaar said.Asked how many shops are available in the Walled City that are providing geninue colours, a trader put the numbers of such shops to around six.\"Earlier in Jaipur, there use to be shops where flowers were grinded and dried to convert them into Holi colours. But slowly and steadily, these shops vanished,\" recalled 75-year-old Gangaram Agarwal, a native of Haldiyon Ka Raasta.Dos and Dont's at Holi* Play holi with dry gulaal and use more of natural colours* Eyes are extremely vulnerable to powders and water colours. Cover them with sunglass* Protect hair from the colours by wearing a cap or a hat* Dental caps can be used to save teeth from stains* Apply a lot of coconut oil on body and cream on face. It helps in protecting the skin* Wear full shirts and cover body as much as you can* While washing off colours, use lukewarm water and keep your eyes and lips tightly closed* If prone to skin allergies , better avoid playing Holi at all", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169117", "title": "It only gets hotter this summer", "text": "COIMBATORE: It's that time of the year to get your cotton shirts, dark glasses, sun-block lotion and umbrellas out, for although it is not officially summer, the city is heating up. Weather pundits are predicting a summer that will be 0.2 degree Celsius to 0.5 degree Celsius hotter than last year, so brace yourself for a scorching, sweaty summer. Until summer showers arrive in April and May, the weather is likely to remain muggy.The average maximum temperature in February was a cool 29 degree Celsius. However, the maximum temperature shot up to 35.8 degree Celsius on Monday. The highest temperature so far this season was 36.2 degree Celsius on March 2. Late nights and early mornings, however, remained cool. The minimum temperature hovered around 20 degree Celsius since March.In the last week of February, minimum temperature was around 15-17 degree Celsius. When this is compared to the weather in early March, maximum temperature increased by a couple of degrees, while minimum temperature increased by about three degree Celsius.\"Summer sets in early in Coimbatore. This summer will be hotter than previous summers by 0.2 degree Celsius to 0.5 degree Celsius. The TNAU puts out advisories all through summer telling farmers what crops to choose,\" said V Geethalakshmi, professor and head, Agro Climate Research Centre, Tamil Nadu Agricultural Universities.Farmers choose crops according to the availability of water. TNAU advises farmers to go in for crops that demand continuous and light irrigation. \"Crops like turmeric and banana are preferred in garden land areas, where availability of water is high. In Pollachi, a special variety of groundnut is cultivated during summer showers. Temperatures will remain high till April and May when summer showers will bring relief to farmers too,\" said Geethalakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12169637", "title": "Commercial tax officer caught taking 10K bribe", "text": "SURAT: The anti-corruption sleuths nabbed a commercial tax officer (CTO) accepting bribe of Rs 10,000 on Vapi railway station on Monday.The officer called the complainant with bribe money to the station to avoid getting trapped.Anti-corruption bureau (ACB) officials arrested Minakshi Vankda, CTO of Vapi sales tax office after a complaint lodged by Ashish Kevat, a sales tax and income tax practitioner in Vapi after the accused repeatedly demanded bribe.In the issue, Kevat, submitted accounts of Shree Ram Trading, Vapi, in Vankda's office for verification. During checking, Vankda claimed that irregularities in accounts of around Rs 1.5 crore. She threatened of Rs 10 lakh penalty and forwarding the accounts to head office in Ahmedabad. Vankda demanded Rs 50,000 to clear the case and for not taking actions against the firm.Kevat did not agree to pay the money but Vankda continued demanding and refused to clear the file.Kevat then contacted ACB and lodged a compliant against her. Later, it was planned that the bribe amount will be paid at the station. She was on Vapi railway station platform 2 to catch a train for her residence Bilimora when she was caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12168894", "title": "First-ever case booked against gays in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the central government tied itself in knots in the Supreme Court by first opposing decriminalisation of gay sex as `immoral' and later taking a different line drawing criticism from the court, the first-ever case under section 377 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) that prohibits homosexuality was booked in the state a few months ago. The incident came to light recently with the gay community network actively taking up sensitization programmes for their members to face such situations bravely.Though IPC clearly prohibits homosexuality, arrests under this section were almost rare across the country, including Andhra Pradesh. Three persons were arrested in Ongole and a case was booked against them by II Town station on December 28 last year. \"Police said these arrests were made when they found two persons involved in unnatural sex while another person stood outside the room,\" said M Rambabu, project director of Pehchan, an NGO.With the intervention of local activists, the trio got bail. The case came for trial before the district court in Ongole on February 2 and again on March 3, 2012. The case is now adjourned to April 9. II Town CI Khasim confirmed the arrests when TOI contacted him over phone. Curiously, another arrest was made in January this year under section 377 of IPC in the same police station limits.The rare arrest has sent shock waves across the one lakh plus population of gays in the state. Under section 377 of IPC, the accused face imprisonment ranging from six months to 10 years. \"All these years the gay network and community-based organizations focused on HIV prevention. But the arrest of gays is uncalled for. We are holding consultations with all the community members with regard to the case,\" Shanti Vardhan of Navatejam, a statewide network for gays, told TOI.There are more than one lakh members in these networks but there was never a situation where the gays faced arrest, S K Baha, project director of Snehabandham network, said.\"Most of our members do not know that police cannot arrest them unless a doctor certifies confirming the homosexual activity,\" he said. Taking umbrage at the arrests, S Krishna (name changed) of Pehchan said: \"We will face police without fear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12169997", "title": "Notice to Ramgarh brick kiln owners", "text": "RAMGARH: Altogether 58 brick kiln owners of Ramgarh block have been served notices by subdivisional officer asking them to produce documents proving the right of running the brick kiln including ownership of land used, permission from mining officer and no-objection certificate (NOC) issued by Jharkhand State Pollution Control Board (JSPCB) and coal linkage order issued by the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL).SDO Manmohan Prasad confirmed that brick kiln owners were asked to produce documents related to land, purchase of coal and NOC from JSPCB latest by March 5 failing which the owners would not be allowed to run the kilns as without producing papers their brick kiln would be treated as illegal. The initiative came following the direction of the DC after receiving several complaints of irregularities, said an official.Meanwhile, brick kiln owners have deposited approximately Rs 45 to mining office as royalty after they were served notices by the SDO. District mining officer said the owners came to his office and started depositing the royalty of manufacturing of bricks in their kiln located in Ramgarh circle. The cost of bricks has been increased in Ramgarh following the action taken by the administration. tnn\"Cost of brick has increased from Rs 3,500 per tractor (1,500-odd) to Rs 5,500 as a number of brick kilns stopped manufacturing brick after they were directed to submit document in SDO office,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170511", "title": "Bad boys fail to make a mark", "text": "LUCKNOW: Criminalisation of politics is on its way out. At least that is what the poll results suggest with some undisputed ganglords known for their hold over their regions getting a bashing.The results have vindicated the stance of major political parties who refused to entertain goons, compelling them to contest as independents. Underworld don Brijesh Singh (39 criminal cases), who contested from Saiyadraja, is just one of them. Then there is Atiq Ahmed (45 criminal cases), a ganglord from Allahabad, Shahnawaz Rana (16 cases) of RLD from Bijnore and Jitendra Singh Babloo (19 cases) contesting from Bikapur in Faizabad as a Peace Party candidate.Named in the list of top 10 mafia turned politicians, none of them could even finish second. Except for Brijesh Singh, all these top names from the crime world have been elected MLAs at least twice in the past but lost this time.The situation was no different for second rung dons. Madan Bhaiyya (4 cases), who has been elected four times in the past, lost from Loni in Ghaziabad where he contested on an RLD ticket. Manveer Singh (31 criminal cases) from Jewear in Gautam Budh Nagar and Ajay Prakash (21 cases) from Lumbhna on a Peace Party ticket too failed to make it through.However, some veteran criminals-turned-politicians who have by now spent more time in politics than the period they were active in the underworld, managed to sail through, though with wafer thin margins. That all of them have been in the saddle for more than three consecutive terms has helped them retain their seat this time.Don turned politician Akhilesh Singh (8 criminal cases), contesting on a Peace Party ticket from Rae Bareilly, Raghuraj Pratap Singh (8 cases) contesting as independent from Kunda in Pratapgarh, Guddu Pandit from Dibai alongwith Ravidas Mehrotra from Lucknow Central on SP tickets were the lucky ones to make it through. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172223", "title": "Laden on Kolkata stage", "text": "The city will soon have a piece of dreaded terrorist Osama bin Laden in a Gautam Haldar playThe play, titled \"Osama', which is being inspired by the works of Jean-Paul Sartre, is a political satire. \"There are elements of existentialism, humour and comedy in the play, the protagonist of which is a crook,\" says Gautam. Incidentally, the play doesn't delve into the life of the terrorist per se, but looks at life from the point of view of an outlaw. \"To eke out a living, the crook sells his ideas to all and sundry. Soon, he enters the corporate world, where his ideas bring about a change. He thinks he is bigger than the system, politics and money only to be reduced to a cog in the giant wheel of the corporate world in the end. Osama too for him is an idea - a saleable one at that. He dons Osama's gear and starts selling terrorism,\" adds Gautam.The stage production, however, doesn't end with Osama's death and Gautam explains that it is not to steer clear of controversy. \"I wanted the play to remain open-ended. Osama's death is a subject that we consciously didn't want to deal with. Preparations for the play was on way before he died. For the past two years, we have been working on the subject and needless to say, I have prepared myself by going through the available television footage. Working on the diction was not that easy and took me time,\" says Gautam. Music for the play has been scored by Surojit and the play is all set to premiere on the Kolkata stage on March 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12169211", "title": "Goa's next CM is an astute politician", "text": "PANAJI: It is a dream come true for Manohar Prabhu Parrikar to lead BJP to victory in the March 3 polls. Parrikar who is to take over as the 17th chief minister of Goa following a clear victory for the BJP in the 2012 elections, is an IITian, having earlier held the CM's position for four-and-a-half years from 2000 to 2005.After schooling in Goa, Parrikar did his B.Tech in metallurgy from IIT Bombay. He worked for a firm for 7 months, before returning to Goa and set up a factory at Mapusa industrial estate manufacturing hydraulic equipment.A resident of Mapusa, some 15 km from Panaji, his family came from Parra village, that neighbours Mapusa, in Bardez taluka. He loves to read thrillers, watch movies and cricket matches.Born on Dec 13, 1955, Parrikar contested his first election in 1991 from North Goa hoping to enter the Lok Sabha.Coming from the RSS cadre, Parrikar, known for his astuteness, worked his way to get the candidature for Panaji seat elbowing out senior state leader Madhu Dhond. He was one of the four MLAs, BJP opened its account with in the Goa assembly in 1994 after it rode piggy back on Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP).He first became chief minister on October 24, 2000 when BJP had just 10 MLAs. Withdrawing support to the Francisco Sardinha-led ministry, Parrikar cobbled up a government with more than 11 defectors.Due to instability, he dissolved the Goa assembly midway through the term in February 2002 and went for fresh elections. In the election held in June 2002, the Parrikar led BJP got 17 seats. With other smaller parties, he formed the government but there was no stability and in early 2005, the government collapsed.Realizing how difficult it is to manage a coalition, Parrikar has always said that the electorate should give BJP a majority to govern the state.Parrikar's name figured in the probables for the BJP president's post in 2009, though the mantle was taken up by Nitin Gadhkari in 2010.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12169833", "title": "Working women juggle jobs, homes &amp; power cut schedules", "text": "MADURAI: The power crisis has hit people from all walks of life including women, who play a dual role as homemakers and working professionals, finding it hard to budget their timings. Most of them have pulled out their old non-electric gadgets to cope with the situation.K Sundari, a teacher for plus two students in a private school claims she has developed high blood pressure in the last one year due to the power problem. \"I have to see my two children off to school, pack lunch for my family of four and also be at school by 7.30 am, something that has become increasingly difficult due to the non-availability of power in the early morning hours,\" she says. \"During the winter season I managed to cook most of the food the previous night, but this is not possible now as food gets spoilt faster with the increase in temperature. Thankfully, the holidays are around the corner,\" she says. Like her, Kala of Chokkikulam says she has decided to make just curd rice during the week for lunch to beat both, the climate as well as the power crisis.\"None of the electric equipment are of any use as there is no schedule for the power cuts. I have washed my grinding stone and have started paying my maid an extra sum for helping me to grind all the masalas and chutneys on it,\" says Raji Joseph of Thiruparankundram. She says that maids in her area are voluntarily coming forward to grind masalas for the neighbourhood for an extra pay.S Thileepa, who got married recently, says her parents had gifted her an induction stove for her new home, but she has been unable to use it to make a full meal due to the power problem. \"My husband goes to office at 9 am and the power goes off in Anna Nagar around the same time. I am yet to learn to do things fast, so we end up buying some idlis for both of us in the morning. As the power is off when he returns in the evening as well, he also brings home dinner,\" she said.Nagu of Jawaharpuram says that her woes do not seem to end. \"I have been told that I will get a refill for my gas cylinder only next week. I cannot depend on my induction stove due to the erratic power supply and now I have bought 10 litres of kerosene for Rs 550 from a local vendor. It is like going back to the stone age,\" she says.However, there are some women who are unperturbed by the problem like S Jeyalakshmi of Ayyar Banglow. \"It is not an individual problem and I think it is something we should learn to live with,\" she says.Women who work in small industries have also been affected. \"Our owners are asking us to work even on Sundays to make up for the lost time in our plastic factory. This is affecting our family as we are unable to spend the only holiday of the week with our children or visit relatives,\" says Shanmugapriya of Karupayoorani. But there is no respite as she cannot afford to lose her Rs 3,000 per month salary which goes a long way in providing for her family of four, as her husband is a daily wager, she adds.Jothi of Gandhipuram says that the power situation is affecting all her work at home. \"My day starts with cooking in the morning using a candle, which is very difficult,\" she says. The power crisis is adding to the burden and tension of students preparing for their exams, as the power goes off when they get up to study, she says. \"The only good thing is that they are able to concentrate on their books with the help of candles rather than wasting their time watching television,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12169716", "title": "Vends near schools: Councillor to move court", "text": "GURGAON: MCG councillor Nisha Singh is all set to move a city court against the permission of liquor vends in green belts, residential areas and schools in Gurgaon. At present, the city has 88 vends in different locations.\"We are planning to move court seeking injunction and restraint against the excise department not to allot or permit liquors shops and outlets in green belts, and within a radius of 150 metres around schools and colleges,\" said Singh.She also claimed that allowing liquor vends near the gates of schools, colleges, main bus stands and places of worship and in residential colonies are in violation of the Excise Policy 2012-2013 within the limits of the Municipal Corporation Gurgaon. \"There is no rationale for having liquor vends close to residential colonies and at traffic crossings like the ones at Sikanderpur crossing,\" said Singh.\"This is absurd that the liquor vends have been set up in green belts which in many places are stumbling blocks for widening the roads,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12172729", "title": "Apple iPad 2 prices may fall", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc debuts its most significant overhaul of the iPad in San Francisco . For competitors trying to get a foothold in the tablet market, the most important announcement may be what Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook does with the older models already on the shelves.As it introduces a new iPad decked out with faster processing speeds and a sharper screen, Apple may also slash the price of the existing model from $499, said Chris Jones, an analyst at Canalys, a technology research firm. That would squeeze rivals such as Amazon.com Inc , whose $199 Kindle Fire is targeted at budget-conscious customers, he said.Apple has cut the price of older models to attract bargain- hunting shoppers when unveiling a new product aimed at the high end, a pincer movement used with success on the most recent iPhone.While today's focus will be on the new version, which will have access to speedier wireless networks, the iPad 2 price cut may have more significance to makers of cheaper tablets that haven't been able to match Apple's success.\"It will put pressure on those who are trying to undercut the iPad on price,\" said Jones, who said Apple may lower the price of the cheapest iPad 2 by $100 to $399. \"The market has changed in the past few months with the arrival of Amazon.\"When Apple introduced the iPhone 4S in October, it reduced the price of the iPhone 4 to $99 and the made the iPhone 3GS free with a two-year wireless contract. Older models account for about a quarter of total iPhone sales, Jones said. Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman for Cupertino, California-based Apple, declined to comment on plans for today's announcement.Technology upgradeThe new iPad will sport a high-definition display, run a faster processor and work with LTE wireless networks, people familiar with the product said in January. The expected iPad overhaul is Apple's most significant for the tablet since its 2010 debut and will help draw both new customers and existing owners ready for an upgrade, said Carl Howe, an analyst at Yankee Group.Apple gets about 20 per cent of its sales from the iPad, attracting consumers as well as business users. With the device's mix of touch-screen functionality and as much computing power as some laptops, Apple has created a new category of consumer-electronics devices.Amazon's Kindle Fire tablet, which went on sale in November, has emerged as Apple's most credible competitor. Still, Apple controls 73 per cent of the tablet market, according to Forrester Research Inc. Tablets introduced by Research In Motion Ltd, Samsung Electronics Co and Hewlett-Packard Co haven't gained much interest.\"It's an iPad market, and then there's everybody else,\" Howe said. \"They are going to be selling them as fast as they can make them.\"Amazon's shareAmazon has been able to make some strides in the tablet market with the Kindle Fire because of its lower price, and Amazon's website gives it a sales channel on par with Apple's retail stores, said Sarah Rotman Epps, an analyst at Forrester. Amazon's selection of movies, music and applications also is appealing to customers, she said.\"Tablets are about services,\" said Rotman Epps. \"That's why Amazon has succeeded where others have failed.\" A new wave of tablets will be entering the market with Microsoft's introduction of Windows 8, a remake of the company's flagship operating system intended to work more easily with smartphones and tablets. Hewlett-Packard has said it will introduce a tablet using the software, which analysts expect will be released later this year.Waiting for WindowsWhile Windows 8-based products are being completed, Apple may sell 11.3 million iPads in the quarter ending March 31, more than double unit sales from a year earlier, according to Brian Marshall, an analyst at ISI Group in San Francisco. The company may sell 60 million iPads in all of 2012, ISI predicts, about 50 per cent more than last year.Apple is the largest maker of personal computers if the iPad is included in the count, according to Canalys. Microsoft, based in Redmond, Washington, will eventually become a strong competitor, though the longer Windows 8 takes to hit the market, the harder it will be to gain traction with customers, said Rotman Epps.Today's event is Apple's first major product unveiling since the October death of co-founder Steve Jobs . Jobs led the introductions of the previous two iPads, in 2010 and 2011. At the event, Apple may also introduce an updated version of Apple TV , its hockey-puck-sized device for buying movies and shows through a TV set, according to Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos. The device is sold out on the websites of retailers such as Best Buy Co., an indication a new model is coming.Most valuable", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12170067", "title": "Booster dose for healthcare in 4 districts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Tuesday launched two Centre-sponsored health projects in Balangir, Koraput, Malkangiri and Nabarangpur, almost a year after chief minister Naveen Patnaik launched them for the first time in the state, in Nuapada.The National Programme on Prevention and control of Cancer, Diabetes , Cardiovascular diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS), and the National Programme on Health Care for Elderly (NPHCE) will facilitate massive public awareness campaigns and infrastructure upgrade of hospitals, health minister Prasanna Achanya saie here.Speaking after inaugurating a non-communicable diseases (NCD) cell at the Directorate of Public Health for the supervision of the projects, Acharya said the two central schemes will be extended to all other districts during the 12th Five Year Plan.NPCDCS will work to educate the community and bring behavioral changes in individuals for eating healthy foods, taking part in more physical activities through sports and exercises, avoiding tobacco and alcohol, stress management through yoga and pranayam, and identifying diseases such as cancer through early symptoms. Persons above 30 years of age can undergo tests for these diseases at all hospitals under the programme.Besides, each community health centre and district headquarters hospital will have NCD clinics. Under NPHCE, a 30-bed regional geriatric center will be established at VSS Medical College and Hospital, which will serve as a tertiary referral centre for critically ill patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12169420", "title": "HC notice to government over encroachments near Braj Chaurasi temples", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Hourt has directed the state authorities to check illegal encroachments in the vicinity of temples in Braj Chaurasi Kos area at Deeg in Bharatpur region.The order came on a PIL filed by one Sardar Singh and six others. It was contended on behalf of petitioners that out of the four major temples in the Deeg region, two temples -- Laxman temple and Bhairunathji temples -- have lost their identity due to massive encroachment so much so that many persons have even constructed pucca houses inside temple premises.Taking note of the situation , a division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain sought an explanation from the chief secretary, collector Bharatpur, secretary of Devasthan and local authorities of Deeg.Counsel for petitioner Satish Khandelwal and Deendayal Khandelwal said that a Lakshman Mandir, Preetamdas ji Maharaj Mandir, Kshetrapal Mandir and Shwetambar Jain Mandir falling on the historic pilgrim route of Govardhan are facing encroachments. \"Miscreants have even taken away one pre-historic idol of Bhairavji from the temple but no FIR was lodged nor even local authorities ever tried to take care of these heritage temples,\" said advocate Khandelwal.It has been prayed in the petition that guidelines may be framed regarding stopping of illegal activities in the temples. Further a survey of heritage temples lying in shabby conditions may be directed to be conducted with ancillary protection.The petition holds significance as there are several other temples that have been encroached upon though they belong to the Devasthan department. Several NGOs in the area have raised the issue in the past. However, the state government never initiated action to check the trend of encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12170184", "title": "Poll outcome: Punjabis in Kochi disappointed", "text": "KOCHI: The victory of Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD)-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) combine in Punjab has come as a surprise to over 25 Punjabi families settled in the city as they had expected the Congress to return to power.\"We have been watching the results right from the morning. We never expected SAD-BJP combine to win the polls and continue in power,\" said Punjabi Association spokesperson Bunty Singh.He said that the business community of Punjab, who had settled in various parts of the country, was not expecting the return of the SAD-BJP combine as their policies were not encouraging. \"The policies of the SAD have been basically for the development of the weaker sections of society. Though we want a government to work for the weaker sections, it should also come out with policies to help the business community. We believed that the Congress will make a comeback,\" he said.\"The victory of SAD has been a shocker to us. We want the Congress to come to power. The policies of SAD in the last five years have hurt the business community badly. The previous government only focused on the development of the agricultural community. Though the outcome of the polls in Punjab has no direct bearing on us, the Punjabi business community here was in favour of the Congress,\" said Surinderpal Singh, another businessman from Punjab, settled in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12169545", "title": "250 extra policemen to patrol Gurgaon on Holi", "text": "GURGAON: On Holi, an additional 250 cops will be deployed to ensure law and order in the city. The additional forces will also include 53 newly recruited police officers and DSP Mamta Kharab, who is also the current captain of the Indian women's hockey team, to carry out special checking drives in the city.Gurgaon police, in the recent past, have been increasingly adding young officers to its forces. The 53 young police officers to be deployed on Holi include one woman IPS (trainee) officer and four ACPs (trainee) including three women officers, besides six inspectors and 46 sub-inspectors, especially for patrolling the city on Tuesday.DCP (headquarters) Rao Abhay Singh said that on special Holi duty will also be two hundred police personnel, who will keep an eye on anti-social elements during the festival. The officers will be patrolling the streets along with the PCR vans. A special team consisting of 50 police personnel has been kept on reserve and will be deployed if required, said the DCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12167964", "title": "Bikers rob woman\u2019s necklace, purse in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A woman was robbed of a necklace and purse by two mobike-borne youths in Nanda Nagar area of the city on Tuesday afternoon when she was on her way to home from office.Police said the victim identified as Chitra Sarode was returning home from office at around 3.30 pm when two bike-borne youths approached her and snatched her purse and necklace before speeding away.In the melee, Chitra reportedly fell down and sustained injuries.Police said that she could not recognise the accused. She is unable to recall the amount that she kept in her purse, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12168140", "title": "Nagaland CM inaugurates new RD block at Chumukedima", "text": "DIMAPUR: Chief minister Neiphiu Rio called upon the Nagas to keep aside 'individualism and tribalism' to bring about peace in the state. \"Nagas should consider each other a part of one family and work towards building the society together,\" he said during the inauguration of the rural development block at new DC headquarters at Chumukedima on Monday.He told the gathering that the Centre only recognized one tribe-the Naga tribe and thus, the people of Nagaland should keep aside their tribal differences and work together to protect the Naga tribe as a whole. \"If you do not unite, there is no future for the Nagas,\" the CM said.While expressing happiness regarding the development taking place in Mon district, Rio said over 70% of the Naga population resides in rural areas. \"The DAN government has realized the problems of the rural areas and the NPF party is now focusing on villages,\" he said. Rio said a regional party is best for the Nagas and reminded the people of the number of schemes such as VDB, backward area fund, old age pension and LADP initiated by the NPF after it came to power.Rio urged the people to support the Nagas living in both Myanmar and India and said that a settlement had been signed with the Centre and the Myanmar government to protect the interests of the Nagas.Stating that Chumukedima has a large number of villages, Rio said the RD Block was allotted to the area mainly for its development. However, he lamented that most of the developmental works initiated by the government has faced hurdles due to the problem of landownership.Parliamentary secretary for RD &amp; REPA, S Pangnyu Phom, who was the guest of honour, disclosed that the state cabinet had decided to create 22 RD blocks in the state. He appealed to the Angami community of Chumukedima to look after the minority communities residing in the area and work in coordination with them. He urged the people to make proper use of the opportunity of development that had been brought to their doorsteps and cooperate with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12170494", "title": "Mixed results for politicians\u2019 kin", "text": "LUCKNOW: Politics is not in everyone's genes, as the results of the just concluded polls show. And nothing illustrates this better than the fact only a couple of the two dozen or so relatives and family members of politicians who tested the political waters this time managing to sail through.BSP president Swami Prasad Maurya's son Utkrisht Maurya who contested from Unchahar Rae Bareilly lost the polls and so did his daughter Sanghamitra who was in the fray from Aliganj. NRHM accused and sitting BSP MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal's wife Renu Jaiswal who was in fray from Barhaj, lost the polls as well.Having sent wife Seema to Parliament, BSP's Ramveer Upadhyay was confident that son Rameshwar, a debutant, will sail through in Dibai.But he was proved wrong as Rameshwar faced a crushing defeat from criminal turned politician Guddu Pandit who was contesting as an SP candidate. The father-son duo of BSP minister Jaivir Singh and his son Atul lost the elections from Mainpuri's Karhal and Firozabad's Sirsaganj respectively.Though BSP MP Qazi Rana's son Noor Salim Rana won Muzaffarnagar, former MLA and jailed mafia don Amarmani Tripathi's son Amanmari contesting on SP ticket from Maharajganj's Nautanwa lost the elections. Former BSP Rajya Sabha MP Ganga Charan's brother, contesting from Hamirpur, was equally unlucky. While BSP MLC Pappu Chaudhary's wife Hemlata who had jumped into the fray from Baghpat bagged the seat, health minister Anant Misra's wife Shikha lost from the newly constituted Maharajpur seat in Kanpur Nagar. She was a BSP candidate.Despite a good hold in Allahabad, SP MP Reoti Raman Singh's son Ujjwal lost his Karchhana seat in Allahabad. But Shakuntala, wife of Samajwadi Party MP from Shahajahanpur Mithlesh Kumar, won from the reserved Powayan constituency in Shahjahanpur. MP Bal Kumar Patel got a ticket for his nephew Beer Singh who sailed through on an SP ticket but Congress leader and union minister Beni Prasad Verma's son Rakesh wasnt that lucky.He lost the Dariayabad seat, finishing in third position behind SP and BSP . So did Lousie Khursheed - wife of union minister Salman Khurshid - who came a miserable fifth.Congress MP Sanjay Singh's wife Ameeta SINH too wasn't lucky enough to make it. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12168740", "title": "Attsa imposes economic blockade against Nagaland", "text": "JORHAT: The All Tea Tribes Students' Association (Attsa) on Tuesday imposed an indefinite economic blockade against Nagaland at Naginijan area in Jorhat to protest against Naga encroachment on Assam land and the atrocities carried out by them against the Assamese people living along the bordering areas of the state.The organization demanded that a border outpost be set up at Naginijan area to check the illegal activities of the Nagas and to stop the illegal tax collection drives by Naga militant groups from the households and tea gardens in Assam.Attsa assistant general secretary Dhiraj Gowala said they would carry on their agitation until the Nagaland government fulfills their demands.\"We have warned the Nagas to abstain from attacking Assamese people residing in the border areas and also asked them to stop the collection of illegal taxes from our villages and tea gardens,\" he said.\"We also demanded that the government set up a border outpost at Naginijan and demarcate the boundary line between the two neighbouring states to control the atrocities of Nagas on Assamese people,\" he said.The Nagas have been carrying on encroachment at the bordering areas of Jorhat district for a long time. They have allegedly occupied a vast area of the three forest reserves namely Dissoi, Dissoi Valley and Tiru hills. According to a forest department report, the encroachers have occupied as much as 18,651 hectares of land in the three forest reserves and have set up 19 Naga villages on the encroached land along the bordering areas.\"Since the formation of Nagaland in 1963, the Nagas have regularly been collecting taxes illegally from some Assam villages, tea corporations and tea gardens like Naginijan tea estate,\" an Attsa leader said.This apart, the atrocity of Nagas on Assamese villagers still continues. In February, a group of armed Nagas attacked two Assamese villagers at Naginijan tea estate. The miscreants also opened fire and injured two garden workers in the attack. On Monday, locals of the area organized a protest meet at the tea garden and decided to impose the economic blockade against the neighbouring state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169299", "title": "Bonfire to smoke out mosquitoes", "text": "MUMBAI: The custom of burning Holika the night before Holi is the symbol of purging the earth of evil, but nowadays, the only beastly creatures it seems to expunge, to an extent, are insects, especially mosquitoes.Mumbai can look forward to at least a few mosquito-free nights after the bonfire is lit tonight.According to green activists, Holika helps get rid of insects, which breed in abundance in cold. \"After winter, withered branches are burnt. In this practice, not only are dead and dry branches and leaves destroyed but insects, which multiply in winter, are also killed in the fire and smoke,\" said Francin Pinto of Garbage Concern, an environmental organization.However, the civic body argued Holika dahan did not destroy insects, merely drove them away. \"An insect can be killed only with toxic insecticide,\" said Arun Bmane, BMC's insecticide officer. He explained: \"Mosquitoes breed in cool and dark places and cannot bear heat or smoke. So, the smoke from bonfires across the city can merely drive mosquitoes away for a few days.\" With Holi marking the end of winter, ecologists hope that the rate of mosquito breeding may stay in check till monsoon arrives.Even as they praised the custom of lighting bonfires on Holika, environmentalists also drew attention to its drawback. \"These days, people put a lot of harmful things like plastic in the fire. If nothing else, they use wet wood, which creates a lot of soot. Though it may drive away the insects, but it causes respiratory problems,\" said Pinto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12168187", "title": "Mukul lauds Manipur for choosing Congress", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on Tuesday congratulated the people of Manipur for \"reposing faith\" in the ruling Congress despite \"provocations\". Speaking to the TOI after the party registered a decisive victory in the neighbouring state, Sangma said: \"This reflects the conviction of the people to strengthen democracy. They have shown impeccable maturity.\" Commenting on the diktat issued by insurgents groups to the electorate of Manipur not to vote for the Congress, Sangma, who leads a Congress-led coalition government, said: \"Democracy cannot be dictated upon\".Taking a dig at Radhabinod Koijam, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and former chief minister, who lost the assembly elections, Sangma said this happened because he \"shifting allegiance\" from the Congress. \"We must fulfill our responsibilities and people must have faith and confidence in us. If we fail in that, the people will always have other options,\" Mukul said when asked as to what lesson his party could draw from the recent election results keeping in view the coming assembly elections in Meghalaya in 2013. \"The party which delivers will be victorious,\" he stressed.Asked if the poor showing of the Congress in other states was because of a dearth in local-level leadership, Mukul, one of the youngest chief ministers in the country, said: \"Congress has the luxury of having a galaxy of local leaders and there is no dearth of leadership. They are all very capable. After every election, the party leadership carries out complete analyses as to what might have gone wrong and decides the best strategy for the future,\" he said.Lauding party general secretary Rahul Gandhi's efforts, especially in the UP, Mukul said: \"He made a major investment in the party for the future. He said he will always be with the people and not just during elections. We will soon see people rallying around our party.\" He also insisted that the Congress, despite not having been in power in UP for over two decades, has actually improved its position. Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12169365", "title": "MSU professor to present paper at UN conference", "text": "VADODARA: A professor of M S University (MSU) is the only one from Gujarat and among handful from across the country to be invited by United Nations (UN) to present a paper at the international conference on 'Cooperative Responses to Global Challenges' in Berlin, Germany.Head of the Department of Cooperative Management and Rural Studies at MSU's Faculty of Commerce professor Sharad Bansal will be presenting his research paper at Berlin at the conference which is being organised by UN's Department of Economic and Social Affairs between March 21 and March 23.The conference is being organized within the framework of the International Year of Cooperatives 2012. It is being held at Humboldt-Universitat zu Berlin ( Humboldt University), one of the premier universities of Europe in association with Berlin Institute for Cooperative Studies and German Cooperative and Raiffeisen Confederation.Bansal will be sharing his findings on the research paper on reform initiatives in rural credit cooperatives in India, which he has co-authored with his colleague Girish Thakkar.\"Rural credit cooperative system in India is world's largest rural financial systems. During the past over hundred years, these credit cooperatives have witnessed many successes and failures. For a long time, cooperatives have been plagued by numerous problems such as undue government interference, poor governance and management, high overdues and lack of deposits, financial indiscipline and accumulating non-performing assets. In response to that, a nationwide reform and revival exercise was initiated by Government of India in 2004,\" says Bansal, adding that his paper examines the responses to these reforms at the country level as well as at grass-root level credit societies.While Bansal will be sharing the reforms taking place in India, he would also take inputs from experts from across the globe who will be gathering there on policy perspective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12172820", "title": "Delimitation proves costly for Atiq Ahmad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Former MP and Apna Dal candidate from city west assembly seat Atiq Ahmad, who leads the list of candidates with criminal charges, has the election to BSP candidate Puja Pal. Although the ex-MP has enjoyed considerable clout in the constituency during the campaigning but faced stiff challenge from Pooja Pal. Jailed since the last four years, Atiq had received bail just a few days before the elections. Despite making all attempts to woo voters, Atiq had failed to win the contest. Records point out that Atiq had been elected from the constituency as an MLA five times. In 2004, he had won the Phulpur parliamentary seat as Samajwadi Party candidate. The supporters of the ex-MP were busy in post-result calculations and were of the view that he could not get the votes which he had expected. n one hand, Muslims were expected to vote for Atiq unitedly, but after delimitation, a substantial number of Muslim voters were shifted to the Allahabad south constituency. This had hurt his prospects and as he lost the election. Experts here claimed that polarization of votes has also helped Puja Pal to retain her seat. Experts said Atiq and his supporters had made attempts to mitigate the adverse effect of the shifting of Muslim votes during canvassing. While the Peace Party voters had offered him consolidate Muslim votes, it were the backward and other caste votes that had played a major role in the defeat of the ex-MP. Secondly, the image of the ex-MP was not good among the people and they had united for Puja Pal with an aim that seat should go to a person with fair and clean image. Sitting MLA Pooja Pal had enjoyed a good reputation in most of the villages falling under city west assembly constituency. While her victory in 2007 Assembly election was generally attributed to the sympathy factor, her tenure as MLA has not earned her any ill will. As per vote share, the Scheduled Castes were the second population-wise in city west.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169338", "title": "Govt to pay `Rs 2.75L for woman\u2019s lock-up ordeal", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai resident was detained in a police lock-up for enquiring about the status of a complaint she had filed against a neighbour-a Bollywood actress-the Bombay High Court has directed the state government to pay her Rs 2.75 lakh as compensation.\"The illegal detention of a woman in the Azad Maidan police lock-up in this fashion shocks the conscience of this court,'' a division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice A V Potdar said about the case of Bhulabhai Desai Road resident Veena Sippy.Calling her detention in 2008 \"highhanded'' and \"unlawful\", the judges said on Monday: \"This is a case of not only gross breach of the directions issued by the Supreme Court, but (also) a gross and flagrant violation of the fundamental right of life and liberty.\"While Rs 2.50 lakh was compensation for Veena's illegal detention, the court ordered the state to pay Rs 25,000 as legal costs to Veena, who argued the case in person and had to attend the court 22 times.The court said the state could recover the money from the three officers-assistant commissioner of police Shyam Chavan, senior inspector Narayan Dumbre and sub-inspector M B Waghmare-named by the woman for detaining her illegally. It also allowed Veena to file a civil case, claiming damages from the state.Veena (49), who stays in a sea-facing flat in Shyam Niwas building near Breach Candy, said she suffered physically, mentally and financially because of the detention, and her image was tarnished as well. \"I was kept in a room with 40 prisoners. It was not possible to adjust to the conditions of the lock-up and I could not sleep as I was made to lie down on the floor. The toilet had no door. My ailing 90-year-old mother was not informed of my detention,\" Veena told the HC.On April 4, 2008, Veena went to the Gamdevi police station, alleging assault and abuse by her neighbour, actress Aarti Chhabria. The actress, too, lodged a cross-complaint against Veena, alleging that the latter had abused her.The next evening, Veena went back to the police station to enquire about the status of the case and seek a copy of the FIR if the police had registered a case based on her complaint. According to Veena, the police behaved rudely with her and said no criminal case could be registered on the basis of her complaint. When she insisted, Veena claimed that the cops took her to Nair Hospital for a check-up. Subsequently, they arrested her for using abusive language and breach of peace under the Bombay Police Act.Though there was no warrant against her, the police used special powers to arrest Veena. They sent her to the women's lock-up at the Azad Maidan police station for the night. Veena claimed that her pleas to inform her mother were ignored. On April 6, she was produced before a magistrate, who released her on a bail of Rs 700.On July 15, the magistrate discharged Veena in the case as the police failed to produce any witnesses. Veena then approached the HC and sought a compensation of Rs 10 lakh for physical and mental trauma.The police claimed that Veena was abusive and had the habit of filing complaints. The court, however, found holes in the police claims, including the fact that Veena was arrested for a bailable offence and that the cops themselves were empowered to release an accused on bail. Even if convicted, the crime is punishable with a maximum fine of Rs 1,200 and no jail term.The other flaws (in the police's conduct) listed out by the court were that Veena was not made aware of her right to be immediately released on bail, her mother was not informed of the arrest and the cops sent her to a lock-up without recording it in the arrest register.The HC directed that copies of its ruling be sent to the DGP and the chief secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12168194", "title": "Plea to extend run of seven trains from Patna Junction", "text": "PATNA: With the railway budget slated for March 14 this month, the railways has proposed the extension of about seven passenger trains from Patna Junction to other destinations. The rakes of these passenger trains have been lying idle in the railway yard at Patna Junction for about 10 to 16 hours for no use.According to sources, the Patna-Dhanbad Intercity Express (13331-13332) is not running on Sunday. Thus, its rake has been lying in the yard idle for no use. The railways could earn revenue if services of this train are utilized on Sunday also and this would cater to the needs of the common people, sources said.The Patna-Gaya passenger train (53653-53654) could be extended up to Mokama so that it would not remain stabling in the Patna yard from 9.45 am to 7.30 pm. The Palamu Express (13347-13348) could also be extended up to Jhajha as its rake is lying idle in the yard here from 4.40 am to 9.30 pm.Similarly, Malda-Patna triweekly express (13415-13416) could be extended up to Mughalsarai or Varanasi so that its empty rake would not remain idle in the yard here from 5.30 am to 9.45 pm every day. The railways has also proposed to extend the run of Puri-Patna weekly express (18449-18450) up to Mughalsarai or Allahabad to avoid stabling of its rake in the yard for about 16 hours, sources said. That apart, the railways has proposed to extend the run of Kolkata-Patna Garib Rath triweekly train (12359-12360) up to Varanasi so that its empty rake could not remain idle in the yard from 5.30 am to 8.10 pm.The Shalimar-Patna Duronto train (22213-22214) could also be extended up to Varanasi to avoid its rake for longer period stabling in the yard at Patna Junction from 6.40 am to 8.40 pm, sources said. According to sources, the Danapur division of the East Central Railway (ECR) has sent its proposals to the ECR headquarters at Hajipur for its inclusion in the ensuing railway budget to be presented in the Lok Sabha on March 14.Besides, these proposals, if accepted by the Railway Board, would not only decongest Patna Junction from huge traffic movement, but it would also yield revenue for the railways giving much relief to passengers as well, sources said. Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM) L M Jha said that the railways would benefit a lot from these proposals in the long run.\"It would be better if the railways complete its old pending projects in the current fiscal instead of sanctioning new projects to the ECR,\" he said. Meanwhile, elderly people have urged railway minister Dinesh Trivedi to give 50 per cent concession in train travel to all senior citizens. At present,while male senior citizens are being given 30 per cent concession in train travel, women are being given 50 per cent concession, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168582", "title": "Panel sets stock by claim, Rs 1.5L granted to woman", "text": "CHENNAI: For T Sharmila Jain, a businesswoman from Sowcarpet, losing a stock of sandals worth Rs 1.8 lakh in a flood was a major setback. But she was dealt a harsher blow when her insurance policy for Rs 2.75 lakh yielded a claim amount of about Rs 28,000.But the State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (SCDRC) has estimated the value of goods and directed the insurance company to pay Jain Rs 1.5 lakh instead.Jain had opted for an annual Standard Fire and Special Perils Policy in November, 2004 to insure a storehouse. The policy covered risk up to Rs 2.75 lakh. During this time, Jain incurred a loss, when a stock of 1,943 pairs of sandals were damaged due to torrential rains flooding a storeroom.Representatives of National Insurance Company Limited appointed a surveyor who assessed the loss at Rs 28,860.Despite the company appointing a second surveyor, Jain maintained the firm had failed to honour \"a legitimate claim\", which should be seen as deficiency in service. In March, 2010, the district forum consulted various documents and concluded that Jain was entitled to a sum of Rs 80 per pair of sandals. Calculating the damage caused to 1,943 pairs on that basis, the district forum fixed the loss as Rs 1,55,450. The insurance company came on appeal against this order.A bench of the consumer panel comprising Justice M Thanikachalam, president, A K Annamalai, member (judicial), and S Sambandam, member, observed that when the first surveyor's report was \"disputed as unreasonable or against the factual position\", the Insurance Act specifies that the matter should be referred to a higher authority for further action, instead of deputing a second surveyor, which was \"unwarranted and should be construed as negligence\".Ruling that non-settlement of the claim should be seen as deficiency in service, the bench said that the complainant was entitled to interest of 9% per annum, as ordered by the district forum, from the date of complaint till date of payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167821", "title": "On Day 3 of doctors\u2019 strike, authorities seal hostel rooms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Doctors of government hospitals appeared in a mood to relent as the third day of their work strike ended on Tuesday. They shouted slogans outside the office of dean of BJ Medical College and superintendent of Civil Hospital for around four hours. They also took out a march procession on the campus.Doctors at VS Hospital and Shardaben Hospital also observed a token strike. However, the emergency services at both these hospitals continued normally.Meanwhile, authorities at the BJ Medical College sealed around 70 rooms of doctors who have joined the strike. The sealing of rooms began after the talks between the student leaders and the hospital authorities failed on Monday night. The authorities also took the help of police in sealing the rooms to avoid clashes. As many as 11 doctors have been suspended till now, which include six from post-graduation courses and three MBBS students who were caught distributing pamphlets, apart from one intern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12170682", "title": "Presidential poll an uphill battle for Congress now", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress's poor show has dented the possibility of the party getting its nominee into Rashtrapati Bhavan when President Pratibha Patil retires in July.While the party didn't have 50% of the total value of electoral votes to start off with, the weak show in UP, Punjab, Goa and Uttarakhand has skewed the equation against the Congress. It is further weakened by the possibility of allies like Trinamool and NCP not willing to go in with a Congress candidate.According to an assessment by TOI, the Congress has just 30.07% of the total value of votes for the presidential election.\"It is clear that the Congress on its own cannot get its candidate elected as president. It has two options - either depend on its allies or work for a consensus candidate. What happens in the president's election will also depend on the alliances that will emerge now. It is likely that a national alliance of parties committed to state rights can come up which would include the likes of Nitish Kumar, Naveen Patnaik and Jayalalitha,\" constitutional expert Subhash Kashyap said.The arithmetic shows that Congress holds only 1,34,369 value of MLA votes or 24.45% of the total. In Parliament, the party has 277 MPs and a value of 1,96,116 or 35.7% of the total. Together, the Congress has just 30.07% of the total value of votes for the presidential poll. This situation will place the party in a weak position. The result: Congress will find it hard to have another Pratibha Patil.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12169991", "title": "UP poll results shock state Congress", "text": "RANCHI: The failure of All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Rahul Gandhi to have a visible impact on voters of five poll-bound states, especially in Uttar Pradesh, has left the party leaders high and dry in Jharkhand also.Congress leaders here are admitting that the failure of Rahul's charisma despite his best efforts is an indicator of the party's failure to consolidate its vote bank at the grassroots level. \"It is high time we should admit that Gandhi factor will not work anymore in the country. The party has to strengthen the organization at the grassroots level or be ready to face a debacle even in the state in future elections,\" said an AICC member from Jharkhand.Congress spokesperson Radha Krishna Kishore, too, admitted that the party needed to make huge efforts to strengthen the organization in the state without wasting time. \"If we waste time, we will face a similar debacle in elections here also,\" said Kishore adding at the same time no one should blame any individual for poor performance as elections are a team effort.The BJP camp in Jharkhand is in a upbeat mood and its leaders have already started celebrating Holi. Chief minister Arjun Munda said the poll results showed people had voted against the policies of the Congress and supported development oriented part.\"Results have proved that voters are not in a mood to tolerate corruption and now want the BJP and the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in power. We hope that in the next election the NDA will perform well,\" said state BJP president Dineshanand Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12168215", "title": "Gujarati stakes claim to JRD Tata's aviation legacy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An unknown Gujarati's family has written to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, staking claim for Mansukhlal Parekh of Jamnagar to be considered the real pioneer of aviation in India. While JRD Tata got India's first commercial flying licence, it was Parekh who is believed to have built his own plane - the first such successful asttempt in India - way back in 1930.\"I've given DGCA documents to show that my father made the first aircraft in Jamnagar,\" says Mumbai-based Harshida Desai, Parekh's daughter. \"Tata appeared for the B licence for commercial flying in January 1934 along with my father in Karachi, a fact reported in the 'The Sind Observer', published from Karachi dated January 10, 1934.\" Tata was 23 then, while Parekh was only 19. The B licence allowed them to fly across India. Desai is planning to set up a museum dedicated to her father.Born in a family of jewellers in Jamnagar in 1911, Parekh's love affair with flying machines began early. Not interested in formal education, he dropped out of school after fourth standard and yet taught himself English to read the American monthly 'Popular Science'.\"So enchanted he was by the story of the Wright brothers that he decided to replicate their success in India. He imported the aircraft's engine and propeller from the US and used spare parts of car and cycle to assemble a two-seater aircraft in 1930. As he didn't know flying then, he requested a British pilot to test fly his plane. The aircraft made a first sortie. It flew to 200 ft at the speed of 200 miles per hour,\" Desai said.Parekh imported the aircraft's engine and propeller from the US and used spare parts of car and cycle to assemble a two-seater aircraft in 1930.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12168665", "title": "The mystery of the Porvorim seat", "text": "PANAJI: After having set up the RSS headquarters on the Porvorim plateau and a large migration of families belonging to its cadre into the three villages comprising the constituency, the BJP even termed Porvorim constituency as a \"safe seat\".Former Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar's aid was insufficient as independent Rohan Khaunte beat BJP's Govind Parvatkar by 901 votes. Khaunte was forerunner for the BJP ticket and received proxy support. Parvatkar's candidature was endorsed by North Goa MP Shripad Naik whose rival camp also looked elsewhere.Resentment from the local BJP mandal and the unknown face that Parvatkar was in his constituency, contributed to his defeat. Khaunte also took a lion's share of the Catholic votes that saw him sail through.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167895", "title": "Braveheart drives biker gang member to cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the city police on night patrol keep telling us all is well, citizen cops have started catching criminals and handing them over to investigators. In another such incident, a businessman took pains to catch vandals who damaged more than 15 parked vehicles in Vastrapur and Drive-In areas on Monday night and handed him over to Vastrapur police. Investigators hope to catch more members of the 'Bikers' Gang' involved in the incident.Vastrapur police officials said Sanjay Patel, a resident of Drive-In Palace, Drive-In Road, caught Jay Patel, 18, who along with his group, was involved in breaking windows of the parked vehicles around 1 am on Tuesday.Patel told TOI that he had been to a late night movie show and was home at 1 am. Soon after he entered his house, his watchman came running and told him that a group of bikers had passed from the road and after breaking the windows of parked cars fled from the spot.\"It was not for the first time that the incident had taken place in my locality,\" recounted Patel. \" I knew by instinct that the bikers would come back from their round and pass from the same road. I kept a watch and when the watchman indicated that it was the same group, I approached the car. As soon as I went near the car, they threw stones and fled.\"However, he had noted down the number of one of the bikes as GJ 1 MC 4804 and kept following it when the group dispersed so as not to get caught. \"The chase ended near Sunflower Hospital as the bike rider lost balance and fell on the road,\" Patel said.\"The crowd gathered there to catch a bus realized that it was related to crime and caught him. They thrashed him badly. I took him to police station. He was identified as Jay Patel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169002", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau searches at offices of excise officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of the state-wide crackdown on liquor mafia, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Tuesday conducted searches at the offices of three excise superintendents of Ranga Reddy district located at Abkari Bhavan, Nampally, and the excise police station at Serilingampally.At about 11 am, ACB sleuths reached Abkari Bhavan and conducted simultaneous searches at the offices of Medchal, Saroornagar, Rajendranagar excise superintendents and Serilingampally excise police station.During the searches which continued till late in the evening, ACB sleuths seized files containing data pertaining to the 2010 liquor shop auctions and left the place.However, ACB sleuths left untouched the offices of Hyderabad excise superintendents located on the same premises. \"We have seized the 2010 auction records and some other relevant documents to check if any irregularities have taken place like it happened in Khammam district,\" an ACB official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12173000", "title": "Holi recipe: Bhaang aur aloo ke pakode", "text": "We know how much anxiety words like 'calorie' and 'fat' can cause. So instead, we tried the other way approach-to find new variations to some really old Holi favourites, so have not just good treats but varieties. Weight gain can finally be justified. Continue reading and we bet you'd drool .Sandesh with mawa ladoo and fig pin wheel (Chefs from Four Point by Sheraton, Mumbai)For SandeshIngredients5 ltrs Milk (full cream)300 gm Sugar30 gm Citric acidMethod to prepare-Boil the milk till reduced to half, dissolve the citric acid into 1 \u00bd liters of water and pour into milk. When the milk curdles strain the milk solids.-Make sure the whey dries up completely and rinse the milk solids nicely, this is chena. Add chena into thick bottom pan and add sugar and cook on a slow flame till it become thick. Remove from the stove and pour a mixture on to a flat tray and let it cool at room temperature. Cut the sandesh into neat squares.Malai badam thandai (By Chef Suresh Raturi, Indian Specialty Chef, Renaissance, Mumbai)Ingredients100 ml Malai200ml Cold Milk50 gm Sugar1 tsp Melon seeds5 no Badam (almond)\u00bd tsp Poppy seeds\u00bc tsp Saunf2 no Green cardamom5 no Peppercorns4 no Dried rose petalsRose and kewra water for aroma4 strings Saffron (soaked in warm water)Method to prepare-Soak all the almonds, poppy, melon seeds, spices and dried rose petals in cup of water for two hours at least.-Dissolve the sugar and milk together, incorporate the malai.-Now, grind the soaked nuts, spices and dried rose petals into a fine paste. Add the paste to the milk concoction. Add rose water and kewra water.-Strain the mixture into a big bowl, add the soaked saffron and let it chill for an hour before serving. Serve garnished with dry fruits and a coat of malai.Bhaang, Ambad, aur aloo ke pakode (An Uttrakhand specialty)- By Chef Suresh Raturi, Indian Specialty Chef, Renaissance, MumbaiIngredients400 gm Potato wedges100 gm Bhaang leaves50 gm Nachni flour100 gm Besan3 gm Ajwain15 gm Green chilly (julienne)10 gm Ginger (julienne)Oil to fry\u00bc tsp Turmeric powderSalt to taste30 ml Lemon juice100 gm AmbadaMethod to prepare :-Shred the ambada, bhaang leaves. Mix nachni atta, besan, ajwain , turmeric, green chillies, ginger and lemon juice. Add the potato and bhang leaves. Using little water make a thick batter. Season with salt.-Heat oil in a fryer and fry the coated balls till golden brown. Serve hot with your favourite chutney", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12169851", "title": "Double hat-trick for Mahana", "text": "KANPUR: BJP candidate Satish Mahana, who has set a record of six successive wins in Assembly elections, expressed his gratitude to the people of Maharajpur. Mahana had earlier won from Cantonment assembly seat.According to data released by the election office, Mahana stood at number one with 83,144 votes while his rival Shikha Mishra of BSP, wife of former health minister, got support of 53,255 voters and lost the election by a margin of 29,884 votes. Sitting MLA Aruna Tomar of SP stood at third place with 51,885 votes. Congress candidate Ajay Kumar Dharmraj stood fourth with 16,938 votes.Mahana said that his priority would be the development of Mahrajpur constituency. \"In my long public life, I have experienced the pain of people and what they expect from their leader. I will not let them down,\" he added.Replying to a question, Mahana said that his party was not ruling in the state for last two terms but he had raised the problems of his constituency in Assembly and sought favour from the government successfully. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12168733", "title": "Holi patrol to deter rowdy revellers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (Metro) district administration has prohibited forcibly smearing people with colours to ensure peaceful Dol Yatra, Holi or Falgutsav celebrations from Wednesday to Friday. In an order issued on Tuesday, Mrinal Gogoi, additional district magistrate of Kamrup (Metro), prohibited throwing colours and water of all kinds on people and vehicles in the Kamrup (Metro) district.Speaking to TOI, Gogoi said that on duty magistrates will keep a strict vigil in areas like Fancy Bazar, where the large-scale celebrations take place. \"Zonal magistrates will patrol every part of the city round the clock,\" Gogoi said. He said the district administration has cautioned revelers against throwing any of colours on vehicles as such acts may lead to accidents. He explained: \"Our objective is not to curb Holi celebrations. All we want is to be cautious as some individuals or group of persons may commit or attempt to commit breach of peace and tranquility which can disturb public order.\"The prohibitory measures taken by the district administration has evoked mixed reactions among the city youths and the elderly. \"We will not take permission from friends while smearing their face with colour. Why should the government interfere in a festival like Holi when we celebrate with family and friends beyond age difference\", said Swarup, a young college student from Guwahati.Meanwhile, Manish Chetri, an elderly person from Noonmati area in the city, is satisfied with the district administration's order. \"There should be a limit to everything. I am happy that the administration will keep a vigil on those who celebrate Holi in a rowdy manner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12169596", "title": "2 held for assaulting bank staff, constable", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested a labour contractor and his friend for allegedly assaulting a bank employee and later some policemen when they tried to intervene.The duo allegedly got enraged when they were denied withdrawal of money as it was a joint account. The accused have been sent to 14 days' judicial custody. According to the police, the incident took place in the Sukhrali village branch of Punjab National Bank on Monday. A labour contractor, Vinod Kumar, has a joint bank account with his wife in the branch.On Monday, Vinod reach the bank with his friend, Jogendra, to withdraw some money. However, the bank official denied them as it was a joint account and his wife was not present in the bank.At this, Vinod and his friend got angry and started manhandling the bank official. Vinod argued with the bank official saying that he had withdrawn money from the same account earlier without the presence of his wife. In the mean time, the bank manager, D K Bhatnagar, called the police, and one head constable Dhanraj, who was deployed with a PCR, reached the bank. When Dhanraj tried to intervene, the duo beat him up too, but the security guards of the bank caught them when they tried to flee from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12169906", "title": "20 arrested in Bokaro for selling illegal liquor", "text": "BOKARO: The district excise department has arrested 20 people for selling illegal liquor and recovered a huge stock of foreign and country-made liquor bottles from them in the past six days in a drive to control the menace during Holi.Of the arrested, 18 of them were released after being fined while two have been sent to judicial custody.On March 1, the excise team had raided a grocery shop at Patriataad area of Balidih and arrested Ranjan Kumar Burnwal for selling liquor illegally. The sleuths have recovered several bottles of India made foreign liquor (IMFL) stored in the shop.Next day, the excise sleuths conducted similar raids at different places in the district and recovered a huge quantity of liquor bottles. Eight persons including two hotel owners, Satdeo Singh and Pinto Singh, of Balidih were arrested on the day.Continuing the drive on Sunday, the excise sleuths seized more than 100 bottles of costly foreign liquor following a raid at the house of Shanker Sao in Tupkadih. The officers arrested Kishan Kumar from the spot, said a source.Assistant commissioner of excise department Kaushal Kumar said the trade of illegal liquor sale usually rises during the festival season.Those who are arrested have confessed during interrogation that they had brought the liquor stocks from West Bengal or other districts with a plan to sell it during Holi when the shops were closed. \"In the past six days, we have recovered 100 litres of IMFL, 40 litres of beer and 41 litres of country-made liquor besides collecting a fine of Rs 65,000,\" said Kumar.He said they had also launched a check against persons consuming liquor at public places. \"According to law, purchase of three litres of IMFL and 5.6 litres of beer at one time is permissible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168781", "title": "Prayers keep rape victim's hopes alive", "text": "KOLKATA: When a car stops outside, she looks furtively from behind a curtain. If there's a knock at an odd hour, her granny grabs a chopper and stands ready to swing. Every morning, when the sun shines through the window, it brings back sickening, horrific memories of the one mistake that changed her life for ever.It was exactly a month ago that she was raped, abused and brutally assaulted in a car - an incident that shocked the country not only because of the heinousness of it but also because of the insensitive way it was handled by the police and the administration. The trauma is just as searing today as it was on the night of the assault, she says.The entire city still feels the aftershocks of the rape. It shattered the myth that Kolkata was a safe metro, possibly the safest for women.When TOI caught up with her on Tuesday, she looked dazed, as if she were living life in a blur. She is a bundle of nerves and jumps at the slightest noise. Will she ever get out of the shock? \"How can I ever shake off the incident that has left me bruised mentally and physically? Though it has been a month, it seems to have happened only yesterday. I do not want to hang on to it but I just cannot come out of it. It torments me day and night,\" she told TOI.Whenever the memories of the assault threaten to rip her nerves to shreds, she locks herself in a room and immerses in prayers. It's her way of bargaining for peace and strength. \"She wants to be in absolute quietness with herself when she prays. Thankfully she emerges so much at peace after such sessions. Perhaps, this one therapy is helping her to cope with the humiliation, pain and anguish,\" said her mother.The crowd of friends and well-wishers who used to flock to the house after the incident has dwindled gradually. Mediapersons, who queued up in front at the gates, have almost forsaken her. It is the support of her family and the assurance from police that makes her go on. \"Besides my prayers for mental strength and justice, the support I get from my family gives me the strength to bear the trauma. The police, too, give me hope to cling on to life and wait for justice,\" she said.Police personnel from Lalbazar keep in touch with her regularly. Armed plainclothesmen still keep a watchful eye on those who come knocking on her door, a step taken up by police after she received threat calls. The police even follow her daughters to school.\"I regularly get calls from Lalbazar enquiring if the family is alright and also if the policemen posted near my house are being helpful. Such calls are really reassuring. I get paranoid if I don't get such calls. More than myself I am worried for my daughters because Kader (one of the accused) had warned me that he would harm them if I went to the police,\" she said.Kader Khan has not been arrested yet and police have no clue to his whereabouts four weeks after he fled Kolkata. An accomplice, Johnny, is also on the run. Kolkata Police narrowly missed nabbing the duo in Mumbai and there has been no sign of them since.In the days when police were still looking for the real suspects, the rape victim used to get threatening calls and offers of money to drop the case. She is still paranoid. A weird noise, or some unknown youths moving near the house triggers a panic attack. With the fear, wounds and the stigma still lurking around, she is reluctant to step out of the house.Her family is trying very hard to get her to lead a normal life. \"How long will you shut yourself in the house? It was a bad dream and you have to come out of it and get moving on,\" says her feisty grand-mother. She is the only persons who has succeeded in dragging her out of home once or twice.The granny has not gone back to her own house lest the victim withdraw deeper into a shell. The 72-year-old has been standing rock solid behind her. She was the one who insisted that the victim lodge an FIR and accompanied her to Lalbazar. She was even there during the detective department's reconstruction of the incident, which proved crucial in cracking the case. And the granny is now her bodyguard.A few days back, when there was a knock at the door at an odd hour, the elderly woman opened the door with a chopper in her hand.The victim is still determined to fight for justice. And confident that she will get it. \"The fact that Kader has fled is proof that he had committed that heinous crime. I have full faith in the police. Kader will be nabbed and justice will be done,\" she said, trying hard to fight back tears.In hindsight, she regrets having accepted a lift from the strangers and having stayed back at the night club after her friends left. \"I regret taking a lift from them. That one mistake has turned my world upside down. I wish I had not trusted them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12169162", "title": "Power situation grim, says government", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government acknowledged that the power situation in the state was grim due to the continuous dry-spell and also because of severe shortage of gas.Information Technology minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah, who made a statement on behalf of the chief minister in the assembly, informed the House during a short discussion on the situation of power in the state that the energy deficit during the current year was 6.2%, compared to all-India average deficit of 8.1%. He said the demand for power this year has been high due to continuous dry-spell in the state leading to increased demand from agriculture and domestic sectors.He said, \"Despite capacity addition of 5,311 MW during the last seven years in the state, there is power deficit. The nine gas-based projects with installed capacity of 2,772 MW are currently generating only around 1,500 MW due to reduced production of gas in KG Basin. Hydel generation this year so far has been only 5,837 million units (mu) against 7,048 mu last year. The additional hydel generation during the year is expected to be only 887 mu as against 2,082 mu of hydel potential last year. The demand from April 2011 to Feb 2012 was 81,320 mu against 71,301 mu for the corresponding period last year registering an increase of 14%.\" In spite of several constraints, seven hours of free power supply was being ensured to 29.84 lakh agricultural pumpsets, he added.Earlier, intense remarks by labour minister Danam Nagender against TDP members saw tempers fly high in the assembly. Amidst trading of charges and counter remarks by the opposition and treasury, a furious opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu censured the minister for his behaviour and demanded an unconditional apology for undermining the assembly.Reacting to Naidu's demand for an explanation, chief minster N Kiran Kumar Reddy urged deputy speaker Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka to expunge all controversial remarks from the records and asked the minister to show restraint. \"The minister should have shown restraint to the personal comments from opposition members,\" the chief minister observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12172610", "title": "Triumph with your own beach olympics", "text": "The Summer Olympics may come only once every four years, but the (tiki) torch lighting of your own Beach Olympics can happen any time -- as long as you've got sand, water, a volleyball net, a plastic flying disc and that age-old desire to pummel your buddies in contests of strength and stamina .\"Competing in events and being out on the beach brings out the inner athlete in everyone,\" says Michelle Knight, co-owner of Adventures by the Sea, a Monterey, Calif.-based adventure-planning outfit.Organizing tip no. 1: Limit your olympiad to a couple of hours at most so energy won't drop and tempers won't rise.Tip no. 2 : Plan the individual events carefully.\"Choose games that will really appeal to everyone and match your group's fitness level,\" says Cynthia Shon, president of Bay Area, Calif.-based Corporate Games, an organization that helps companies foster team building among employees. \"Remember that running around on sand is not easy.\"The events below -- picked by our dream team of athletic contest-organizing experts -- should ease your burden. And heck, most of these will work in a grassy park if there's no beach around. What to use for gold medals is up to you.Beach volleyballThis is the one must-do contest in any Beach Olympics. Anyone who's ever taken gym class already knows how to play. And thanks to the sand, taking a heroic dive for the ball will make you look like a stud without scraping or bruising. Traditional volleyball rules work great, but if you've got eight or more people, Kevin Vander Vliet, owner of Team Building California suggests this variation: Create four teams and set up four nets connecting at 90-degree angles in the center. (So the nets form an X.) If the ball's served to you, you can hit it across to any of the other three teams. Normal rules for serves and point scoring apply. \"It's a lot of fun because if you have one team that's really good, the others can gang up to beat them,\" says Vander Vliet.Official rules: Volleyball.com/rules.aspxSand ultimateThis is another easy-to-organize, fun-to-play favorite. But when you're on sand, the going is too slow for people to be sprinting all around the playing area, like in typical Ultimate. So Shon applies slightly different rules. \"We mark off assigned boxes where one person from each team stays. That way there's less running but people are still diving for the frisbee,\" she says.Official rules: UltimateHandbook.comFlying disc golfIt's adaptable to the terrain of just about any beach and easy to set up. If you're using teams, then play by \"scramble\" rules like in real golf. Here's how it goes: Everyone tees off. Choose whose throw on your team was the best, and then you and all your teammates take your second shot from where that disc landed. Repeat until reaching the end of the hole. \"There's great team interaction. There are always some people who have rarely, if ever, thrown a frisbee, and the other team members really get into teaching and helping them,\" says Knight.Official rules: Pdga.com/rulesTug of warThis one needs little explaining. You can buy a thick rope made especially for the sport at FlagHouse.com. If you're really ambitious, you can dig a shallow \"pit of shame\" for the losers to fall into.Balloon launchA surprise favorite among the experts, chosen because it involves strength, aim and luck -- and requires the kind of open space a beach provides. You'll need a three-person balloon launcher. (There's one available at Amazon.com.) Then, instead of the hassle of filling up balloons, use foam balls (available at sporting goods stores) and soak them in water before you shoot. Points can be scored based on distance or for hitting specific targets.Relay raceThis is the grueling grand finale -- much of what's in it will be based on your imagination, as well as the terrain, size and crowdedness of the beach.As part of the relay, you can have a kayak race, a fill-the-bucket-with-water event using only your hands, a three-legged race in the water, a beach chair obstacle course or a combat crawl through the sand (maybe under a fishnet).Vander Vliet recommends you include elements that involve brains over brawn as part of the relay, like a jigsaw puzzle that the team has to complete before advancing (very \"Survivor\"-esque, no?). \"Putting in mental elements is an equalizer if one team is better physically than the other,\" he says.One team challenge that combines both the physical and mental aspects is a paper plate minefield. Blindfold one person per team, and have his teammates verbally guide him around the plates, from one end of the minefield to the other. If he steps on one, he starts over. The options are limitless.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12173095", "title": "Here, Brahmins roll on plantain leaves", "text": "TUMKUR: This is something that will perplex opponents of the infamous 'Made Snana' ritual, which is facing a ban in Karnataka. For, in this case, the ritual can't be viewed as an atrocity against dalits going by the way it is held in Beteraya Swamy temple at Turuvekere in Tumkur district. Here, Brahmins roll on plantain leaves with leftovers of meals served to dalits.Usually, the ritual in Kukke Subramanya and other temples has lower caste people roll over leaves in which Brahmins had their meals. While the ritual is practised mainly in Naga temples across the state, in Turuvekere, it happens in a Vishnu temple on March 6 every year.The ritual has been on at Beteraya temple, which is under the muzrai department, for over 400 years now and attracts Brahmins from all over the state.'Made Snana' is a 'harake' (an offering made for a wish). In this case, the offering is to roll on leftovers of food consumed by dalits. It is also believed that the ritual helps in curing skin diseases.Several women and children were among the 600 Brahmins who took part in the ritual on Tuesday. \"Good things have happened to me due to Made Snana. I wanted to be part of the ritual,\" said Ravi Narayan, one of the participants.\"We wait till dalits finish their meals on the temple premises and later roll on the plantain leaves,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168830", "title": "Blaze at petrol bunk sparks fury", "text": "CHENNAI: A blaze at a petrol bunk in Vyasarpadi on Tuesday morning sparked protests by people living nearby. Residents blocked the road to demand that the outlet be closed, saying fires at the bunk caused them to fear for their lives.A fire broke out at 7.46 am in the petrol storage tank at the bunk on MKB Nagar Fourth Avenue, opposite Ambedkar College in Vyasarpadi. Two residential colonies, Pudhu Nagar and Salaima Nagar, with over 500 residents together are located near the bunk.The fire control room was alerted at 7.48 am and three fire tenders were dispatched to the spot from Vyasarpadi. Before the firemen reached the spot, staff at the bunk used extinguishers to reduce the intensity of the blaze. The firemen reached the spot and doused the fire around 8.50am. A leak in a tube is suspected to have caused the fire.\"No causalities were reported as it was a minor fire. The total loss is expected to be only around Rs 5,000. It could have been a major accident had the employees not tried to put off the flames and alerted the fire control room,\" said a fire services officer.Residents claimed that fires frequently break out at the petrol bunk. \"We stay behind the bunk and every other day we smell evaporating fuel spread through our colony. Sometimes a petrol tank catches fire. This has happened five times already,\" said Subramani, a middle-aged man who lives nearby.A senior fire services officer said petrol bunks are given licences only after they obtain a no-objection certificate from the fire department. \"A bunk should have fire-fighting equipment like extinguishers, a tank of water, mud and foam-based extinguishers. We do expect fires at bunks from time to time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12169286", "title": "Police move to get migrant workers' details evokes mixed reactions", "text": "COIMBATORE: The police move to collect details of migrant tenants from landlords in the district has evoked mixed reactions among various residential associations and human rights groups.C R Swaminathan, president of Residents Association of Coimbatore (RAAC), said the move may not give the desired result as the floating population did not live in houses or apartments. \"They lived elsewhere. It is not difficult to get details of migrants who were engaged in long term projects, but to get details from migrant labourers was a difficult task,\" he said.According to G Premanand, president of Parson Residents Welfare Association in Nanjundapuram, it would not be difficult to get gated communities to cooperate whole heartedly with the police move. \"We are one of the largest gated communities in the city. We have all the details of almost all the residents and even the migrant labourers working in our compounds. So it will not be a problem to hand over the details,\" he said.CGS Manian, a former secretary of Suriya Apartments in Ganapathy, said the police move is justifiable in the given circumstances. \"This is a reasonable demand. This data is necessary for the safety of the people,\" he said.GP Godhanavalli, president of Sridevi Nagar Welfare Association, wants to enhance the scope of the move. \"This should not be limited to the people of North India but all outsiders. Criminals come from all states and we need to have a proper mechanism to check this,\" she said.Meanwhile, city based human rights activist C R Bijoy deplored the move terming it discriminatory. \"It is not clear under which law the district collector can do this. The Indian Constitution allows people to live anywhere in the country without prior permission except in certain areas in the North East,'' he pointed out.M Muhammed Aboobacker, Coimbatore Co-ordinator of PUCL (People's Union for Civil Liberties) said, \"We are planning to submit a memorandum to the district collector saying that this is discriminatory. The state government and our people will not allow the police to infringe on basic human rights. Due to some isolated incident how can we discriminate against them? If similar data collection happened in Mumbai against South Indians, how would we react?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12167925", "title": "Wahab named in Juhapura firing case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former gangster Abdul Wahab has been named in a firing case in Juhapura that took place late on Monday night. His former aide Nazir Vora has become complainant in the case stating that the feud was about a piece of land near Sonal Cinema in Juhapura. Police have started searching for Wahab in Shahpur.Vejalpur police said, Nazir Mohammed Ali Vora, 44, a resident of Mayurkunj Society near Sonal Cinema, was a gangster and was closely associated with Abdul Wahab Majid Shaikh, a resident of Shahpur.The duo had been to jail together earlier. However, Vora had mended his ways and had bid adieu to the crime world. As per his statement, he was involved with small business ventures and land broking.\"As per his complaint, when he was present at a tea stall near his house at 11.30 pm on Monday, Wahab came by in a red car along with his close associates Ahmed Mandli, Salim Tolo and Sadiq Shaikh.Wahab threatened him to sell off the land in his possession or be ready for the confrontation. When Vora refused to cooperate, Wahab extracted a pistol and fired a round in air to threaten him. The incident sent a wave of panic as people started gathering on the spot to know what was happening but Wahab and his associates got away,\" said a Vejalpur police official.When contacted, inspector Vejalpur police station J H Jalu told TOI that they rushed on the spot soon after the incident and have recorded the statement of locals. \"Vora has mentioned in his complaint that it was a feud over land but we are probing other angles too. We also want to know whether the scuffle was part of turf war between gangs in Juhapura. We have started search for Wahab to know his version of the incident,\" said Jalu.Investigators said that after Nadeem Saiyad murder case where Wahab had allegedly threatened him before his death, it is the second major case against former gangster who was apparently lying low. Senior police officials believe that the city criminals see investments in land a lucrative option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12168764", "title": "Trinamool stronger by default", "text": "KOLKATA: Assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh had never been so important for Bengal. This time, both Trinamool Congress and Congress - the hesitant allies in Bengal - had their eyes on the UP scoresheet. And both lost out. The Congress under Rahul Gandhi ended up fourth in the UP tally, while Trinamool couldn't open its score.Still, Trinamool has some reason to smile because Congress' drubbing means Mamata Banerjee will get more leverage at the Centre since the UPA government has no option but to depend on her.Mamata has grand dreams of turning her regional party into a national powerhouse and had fielded 100 candidates in the UP polls. They all lost.The Congress was playing for high stakes. Miffed over Mamata for throwing a spanner in a whole lot of important issues, from FDI in retail to the Teesta water sharing deal, Congress leaders had thought that a better performance in the UP polls would enable the leading UPA constituent to handle the \"blackmailing\" by some of its allies. It didn't happen.Instead, the UP and Punjab poll results have put the Congress on a sticky wicket. With Samajwadi Party getting a clear majority in UP, it does not have to depend on the Congress lifeline that some Congressmen expected. SP will instead dictate terms for the support the party is giving to the Congress from outside. The Mulayam-Akhileshsurge has made it more difficult for the Congress to get into a hard bargain with its leading UPA ally, Trinamool. On the contrary, Mamata Banerjee will be in a better position to bring funds for cash-strapped Bengal, or else join the chorus with other regional parties in Parliament.It is little wonder that Mamata was among the first to send a congratulatory message to Mulayam Singh Yadav in Lucknow for the Samajwadi Party landslide.The results are not encouraging for Trinamool though. It could not get even one seat in Uttar Pradesh. In Manipur, Trinamool managed only seven after contesting 47 and will be in no position to exert any influence on the next Congress government though it is technically the second largest party.\"The results are a warning against the danger of going to the polls without sufficient organisational back-up,\" said Trinamool MP Sultan Ahmed . He was also upset that Mamata did not find time to go to UP for campaigning. \"It was a big drawback for us that the chief minister did not find time to come for campaigning,\" he said.However, the Trinamool's gaining new grounds in Manipur is a step towards getting recognized as a national party. Trinamool required 6% of the total votes cast in at least four states and should have MPs from at least three states to make the cut. \"We've already gained 18% of the vote share in Manipur,\" Trinamool's Manipur observer Saurav Chakraborty claimed. \"Our real target is 2014, to get MP seats from the north-east,\" a Trinamool MP pointed out.But with the Congress' faring poorly in the hustings, Pradesh Congress leaders in Bengal will have to think twice before trying to corner Mamata. \"Congress will now think very hard before ending the alliance with us. We will continue to function as the watchdog on UPA-II and protest against the anti-people policies of the Centre,\" said Trinamool MP Sultan Singh said.Pradesh Congress Committee president Pradip Bhattacharya put up a brave face and insisted that the results would have no impact on the ruling alliance in the state. But some Congress leaders sounded apprehensive that the question mark on the capability of Rahul Gandhi as a leader would put the state unit on the backfoot.The efforts for the revival of Congress in Bengal, which started during the Kolkata Municipal Corporation election in 2010, have centred around the charisma of Rahul. State Congress leaders could now feel discouraged and less inclined to challenge the charisma of Mamata immediately. Some Congress leaders were apprehensive that Trinamool would now be more emboldened in its efforts to \"gobble up\" Congress in Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12168786", "title": "Manipur assembly election: Cong leaders' no show attributed to 'faith in Ibobi'", "text": "IMPHAL: The Congress has emerged victorious in Manipur for the third consecutive time without any visible support from any of the top national leaders of the party. No national leader of repute campaigned for the party in the trouble-torn state in the run-up to the 10th assembly polls. AICC chief Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Priyanka Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh were all conspicuous by their absence during the campaign. AICC general secretary in-charge of Manipur Luizinho Faleiro was the only prominent national Congress leader who was present in Imphal ahead of the polls.A Congress source explained their absence by saying the high command had full faith in the state unit, particularly chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh, which is why they gave the state a skip. The source added that the party leaders were confident Ibobi would lead Congress to power yet another time in Manipur.This explanation, however, does not seem to hold ground when the situation here is compared to the pre-poll scenario in the other states that went to polls recently. The Prime Minister and the Gandhi family's involvement in the party's campaign in the other states, especially Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, was much more direct and they campaigned actively in these states.Congress scion Rahul Gandhi landed on the UP poll battleground with a do-or-die attitude, campaigning with all his might in the run up to the crucial election. In fact, amid shouts of 'zindabad' and showering of petals, Rahul even undertook a 34 km-long roadshow in a specially-designed bus, touching different assembly seats in the state capital, Lucknow. Besides Rahul, Sonia and Priyanka too campaigned in UP, with Robert Vadra in tow, as did the Prime Minister.Contrastingly, in Manipur, Congress has swept the polls not only in the absence of the absence of the national leaders but also in the face of a ban by CorCom - a conglomerate of seven different militant outfits of the state - which prohibited the party's candidates both in the hills and the Imphal valley from campaigning. In fact, in the valley, a number of bomb blasts were reported at Congress candidates' residences and localities.When asked whether the reason for not bringing any party national leaders to campaign in the state was concern for their safety and security in the light of the militants' threat to Congress, government spokesman N Biren Singh said, \"There were no security threats to our leaders. The state unit told the high command that we were confident of sweeping the polls. The Prime Minister and the AICC president came to Imphal just before the election and they have shown that they care for Manipur.\"Manmohan and Sonia had visited Imphal on December 3 last and inaugurated five projects - the new assembly building, new High Court building, the city convention centre, an Interstate Bus Terminus and the new hall for Manipur Film Development Corporation. \"People have full faith in Congress. They know the PM and the AICC president care for the state,\" said Singh. Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12168874", "title": "KV teachers say no to extra hours", "text": "CHENNAI: Already burdened with large classes and six-day weeks, Kendriya Vidyalaya schoolteachers have decided to protest after being asked to work longer hours from April.The All India Kendriya Vidyalaya Teachers' Association said teachers face a lot of work pressure and things are likely to get worse for them with the implementation of the RTE Act from April.The KV Sangathan has asked teachers, who work for six hours and 10 minutes a day, to work for seven hours and 30 minutes daily from the start of the next academic year. The teachers said they objected to the directive because they already come to school early and stay back after school hours when required.\"We asked Sangathan officials to give us a five-day week, but they insisted on making us work on Saturdays. This means that we are forced to put in 45 working hours every week. We are ready to work hard, but we cannot continue without rest and at no extra compensation,\" said G Pethaiyan, president of the teachers' association in Chennai region.Teachers said their workload increased since CBSE introduced the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation system. \"We don't leave at the stroke of the bell every day. We stay back after school when needed, but why make this mandatory?\" a KV teacher asked.The teachers association members said that though the RTE Act specifies that the student-teacher ratio should be 30:1, many times teachers are forced to handle 50 children in a class. \"This makes it difficult for the teachers to pay attention to all the students or even give special attention to students who need to improve,\" Pethaiyan said.KV Sangathan deputy commissioner, Chennai region, N R Murali denied that the teachers are being overworked. He said the schools were instructed not to admit more than 40 children per class. \"Class strength sometimes increases because of transfers from one KV to another. But classes are expected to be within manageable limits. Schools are empowered to recruit additional contractual teachers. I don't know why that is not being done,\" Murali said.He said there could be no compromise on the implementation of the RTE Act. \"Experts have studied the demands on teachers before placing the Bill was introduced in Parliament,\" Murali said. \"These teachers feel that change is not in their interest. They don't want to be made to stay after work, but schools also have certain requirements and teachers will be required to check the work of students and finalise records after the students leave.\"To protest against the additional workload, KV teachers across the country will observe March 16 as 'Black Day' after working hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12169711", "title": "Declamation contest at Panjab University's Punjabi department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's department of Punjabi, organized the K K Grover and A C Bali declamation contest in the Gandhi Bhawan Auditorium on the campus on Tuesday. 18 select students from different departments and affiliated colleges participated in the contest and spoke on different subjects.These included pop songs, Lok Pal and corruption, globalization, humanism, election and election commission and democracy and corruption, environment, Punjabi culture and bani.In KK Grover Declamation Contest Balwinder Kaur from Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women in Ludhiana bagged the first prize, followed by Jasanpreet Kaur from Guru Nanak Girls College in Muktsar with second. Manpreet Kaur from Guru Nanak College in Moga came third. In A C Bali Declamation Contest Jasanpreet Kaur from Guru Nanak Girls College in Muktsar bagged the first prize followed by Manpreet Kaur from Guru Nanak College in Moga with second. Preeti Bhola from Ramgharia Girls College in Ludhiana stood third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12169398", "title": "Awadh comes alive in Delhi with Birju\u2019s Holi swirl", "text": "NEW DELHI: While many of us stock up on synthetic colours and brace ourselves against impending water-balloon attacks, a kathak programme at the Azad Maidan lawns on Monday showed Delhiites how to celebrate Holi with tehzeeb.Members of Kalashram, the dance school of the legendary kathak maestro Pandit Birju Maharaj, presented their choreography on the theme of Holi in 'Awadh Ke Rang'. The dancers brought alive a part of Awadh, which finds mention in pop-culture references when it comes to Holi.True to its name, the set was designed in the likeness of a haveli while a hookah and silken drapes adorned the stage. The several presentations by Birju Maharaj's disciples included depiction of Holi as celebrated by zamindars, which had male dancers performing in taal dhamaar, a portrayal of spring set to a composition of 19th century poet Padmakar,and a peek into Holi as celebrated by Radha, Krishna and gopis. The concluding performance had dancers showering flower petals on the audience.Birju Maharaj too made a special appearance with a thumri. \"Earlier there used to be mohallas where everyone knew everyone. From my days in Lucknow, I remember how all would play Holi together regardless of religion. Now people live in flats. They don't even know who their neighbours are,\" said Birju Maharaj on the changing nature of the festival of colours. He said he plans to spend this Holi with his disciples like every year. \"People are forgetting the main joy of celebrating Holi. In Awadh, it wasn't just a one-day festival. There used to be music sessions that would go on for days. There was a cultural confluence of Hindus and Muslims,\" says Saswati Sen, a senior performer from Kalashram who conceptualized the programme. A similar musical Holi celebration is also planned for March 7 at the Bhartiya Vidya Bhawan lawns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12168011", "title": "Manipur assembly election: Ibobi saves the day for battered Cong", "text": "IMPHAL: Okram Ibobi Singh on Tuesday created history in Manipur's electoral politics by single-handedly leading Congress to an absolute majority in the assembly election. He is also set to become the first Manipuri politician to serve as chief minister for a third consecutive term.Without any campaigning by Congress's star vote-catchers like Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Sonia and Rahul Gandhi, Ibobi steered the ruling party to victory in 42 of the 60 assembly seats. In 2007, Congress had won just 30 seats. This time, the 63-year-old leader made his opponent bite the dust by focussing on \"stability and preservation of Manipur's territorial integrity\".All through his tenure, Ibobi was steadfast in his opposition to any secession of Manipur's Naga-dominated districts to create a greater Nagaland. Despite this, Congress won six seats out of 11 Naga-dominated constituencies, four more than in 2007. Naga People's Front (NPF), whose main poll plank was unification of all Naga areas in the northeast, got just four seats.CPI, Congress's alliance partner in the last government, drew a blank after it decided to go it alone in the election. It formally severed its links with Congress a few days before counting. Manipur People's Party (MPP), a key regional organization, also failed to win a single seat.In its maiden appearance, Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress emerged as the second largest party by capturing seven constituencies. Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP) came third with five wins. Nationalist Congress Party and Jok Janashakti Party (LJP) won one seat each.Three top opposition leaders - Radhabinod Koijam (NCP), O Joy Singh (MPP) and Th Chaoba Singh (MPP) - lost the election. Koijam projected as a chief ministerial candidate by opposition parties.Ibobi described Congress' victory as \" approval of his government's performance by the people\". He said the new Congress government \"will solve the power crisis and the problems of drinking water and road communication.\" He added, \" We will also try to solve the insurgency problem through dialogue. We will reduce the gap between the hills and the valley.\" State Congress president Gaikhangam said, \" People knew it's only Congress that can work for development and stability.\"Ibobi retained his Thoubal seat defeating his nearest rival, Indira Oinam (BJP), by over 15,400 votes, the biggest winning margin in the election. His wife, Landhoni Devi, was returned from Khangabok seat.Among the prominent Congress winners were Gaikhangam, revenue minister Debendra Singh, industries minister Y Erabot Singh, works minister Ranjit Singh and government spokesman N Biren Singh. The new house will have three women members, highest in the state's democratic history. In the last election, only one woman candidate had made it to the assembly.Four ministers who lost the polls were education minister DD Thaisii, rural development minister Alauddin Khan and health minister L Jayanta Singh and agriculture minister Pheiroijam Parijat. Trinamool's Kunjo Singh won by the smallest margin of 17 votes in Hiyanglam constituency. Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169787", "title": "Set ablaze, woman ran out of room to protect children", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as Shehnaz Dattedar (25) was engulfed in flames, the safety of her two children seemed paramount, said a senior police officer.Shehnaz was set ablaze and succumbed to 100% burns at her residence on Monday. The police arrested her husband Imran (30), mother-in-law Nafisa (50) and sister-in-law Naseem (23) based on her dying declaration.The couple's two children were asleep on a bed in the same room where the incident took place. To prevent them from getting singed, Shehnaz ran out of the room, covered in flames. Her neighbours, who were alerted by her screams, rushed to her aid. \"Shehnaz's in-laws have been charged with murder and dowry harassment,\" a senior police officer said. On Tuesday, a metropolitan court remanded the three in police custody till March 12.The custody of the couple's kids-a two-year-old son and a two-month-old daughter-has been handed to Shehnaz's father, Sayyad Anees Yasin.The last rites were performed on Tuesday.Yasin (52) is a dye-maker and stays at the Bhagat Singh Nagar slums in Goregaon (W).Shehnaz and Imran got married in 2008, things were fine for over two years. Later, Imran started beating her up at the slightest provocation. On Sunday night, Imran assaulted her and sustained a fracture on his hand.Shehnaz was being tortured because she could not meet her in-laws dowry demands, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12167805", "title": "Recruitment rally for airmen at Hoshangabad", "text": "BHOPAL: Indian Air Force (IAF) is organizing an open recruitment rally of airmen at Hoshangabad on April 4 and 6. Candidates from Bhopal, Hoshangabad, Bhind, Morena, Gwalior, Sheopur, Datia, Shivpuri, Ashok Nagar, Vidisha, Raisen and Guna districts will take part in the recruitment rally. For recruitment, a candidate must have born between July 1, 1991 and September 30, 1995 (both days inclusive), as per official press release.As per schedule, recruitment of Airmen of Group X (Technical) will be made on April 4 and those of Group Y (Non-technical) on April 6 for which a candidate must be 152.5 cm and 165 cm tall respectively.A candidate taking part in Group X (Technical) recruitment must have passed Class XII or an equivalent exam with science, with at least 50% marks, or three-year diploma in engineering from a recognized government-aided polytechnic with minimum 50% marks.The candidates taking part in Group Y (Non-technical) recruitment should have passed Class XII exam/equivalent exam/vocational course in science, arts or commerce or three-year diploma in any stream from a recognized government-aided polytechnic with minimum 50% marks.The candidates will have to reach Police Parade Ground in Hoshangabad at 5 am on April 4 and 6 with necessary documents, writing material and latest passport size photographs.The result of written text will be declared the same day. It will be followed by physical fitness test and a 1,600-meter race. Finally, medical officers of the IAF will conduct physical examination of selected candidates.No reservation/quota system applies for the selection. Candidates from any caste, community or religion can take part in the recruitment rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-07"}
