{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258549", "title": "1997 Delhi blasts: Pakistani accused to face fresh trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Pakistani, who was awarded death penalty by the trial court and the Delhi high court for the 1997 bomb blast in a bus in Nangloi that killed four people and injured 24, will face fresh trial as the Supreme Court ruled that he could not be acquitted on the ground that the earlier trial was vitiated by procedural lapses.This judgment from a three-judge bench settled the deadlock created by the split verdict of an earlier bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad \u2014 with Justice Dattu ordering fresh trial to set right the procedural lapse of not providing a lawyer to defend accused Mohd Hussain aka Julfikar Ali and Justice Prasad acquitting him on the ground that for 14 years, the accused had suffered enough agony.But the larger bench of Justices R M Lodha, A R Dave and S J Mukhopadhaya said the facts that the blast occurred in 1997, Hussain was arrested 14 years ago and passed through the agony of death sentence and a retrial could prolong his agony were not sufficient to warrant his acquittal.Ordering fresh trial and directing the lower court to complete it in three months, the bench said, \"It cannot be ignored that the offences with which the appellant has been charged are of very serious nature and if the prosecution succeeds and the appellant is convicted under Section 302 IPC on retrial, the sentence could be death or life imprisonment.\"Justice Lodha, who authored the judgment for the bench, said, \"Gravity of the offences and the criminality with which the appellant is charged are important factors that need to be kept in mind, though it is a fact that in the first instance, the accused has been denied due process.\"The bench added, \"While having due consideration to the appellant's right, the nature of the offence and its gravity, the impact of crime on the society, more particularly the crime that has shaken the public and resulted in death of four persons in a public transport bus cannot be ignored and overlooked. It is desirable that punishment should follow offence as closely as possible. In an extremely serious criminal case of the exceptional nature like the present one, it would occasion in failure of justice if the prosecution is not taken to the logical conclusion.\"It said retrial was indispensable but it was imperative that justice was secured after providing him with a legal practitioner if the accused did not engage an advocate of his choice.The Supreme Court made an important distinction between an accused's right to fair trial and his right for a speedy trial. It said though 'speedy trial' and 'fair trial' to a person accused of a crime were integral parts of Article 21, there was a qualitative difference between the two rights.\"Unlike the right of accused to fair trial, deprivation of the right to speedy trial does not per se prejudice the accused in defending himself. The right to speedy trial is in its very nature relative. It depends upon diverse circumstances. Each case of delay in conclusion of a criminal trial has to be seen in the facts and circumstances of such case. Mere lapse of several years since the commencement of prosecution by itself may not justify the discontinuance of prosecution or dismissal of indictment,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "16261648", "title": "Mohammad Aamir targeting 2015 return to international cricket", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's banned pacer Mohammad Aamir is hoping to be allowed back in international cricket in 2015, when he would complete a minimum five-year ban for his role in the 2010 spot-fixing scandal that shook the game.The 20-year old, appearing in his first television interview on the 'Geo Super channel' on Tuesday, insisted he has learnt from his mistakes.\"No one can understand the hurt I go through today when I watch the Pakistan team playing anywhere. I want to be with them. But there is nothing I can do now except to keep my chin up and hope for the best. It is a huge punishment to realise that I had the world at my feet and I messed it all up because of one mistake,\" the left-arm pacer said.\"I don't know what is going to happen but I am targeting a return to cricket in 2015. I have nets in my home and I go to the gymnasium. So I am keeping myself motivated. I know I can achieve anything with hard work,\" he added.The youngster also asserted that before the spot-fixing scandal, he had never been involved in any kind of corruption.\"Even in 2010 what happened was that I was forced into a trap to avoid an unpleasant situation. Some people see it as greed, maybe it was that. But apart from that incident, I played honestly,\" he said.Aamir, however, declined to blame his former captain Salman Butt , who also served a jail sentence for his involvement in the scandal, or anyone else for his predicament.\"It was my mistake for whatever reasons and I regret it completely and I have apologised for it to my people. But now I want to move on and start a new life,\" he said.\"I don't want to indulge in any blame game or mud-slinging because already the image of Pakistan cricket has been damaged a lot because of this controversy. I think it is time we let it cool down and move on. No one can change anything and I can't change what I or my family has gone through,\" Aamir added.Aamir is presently serving a five-year ICC ban for his role in the scandal that broke out on Pakistan's tour to England.Aamir and teammates, Butt and Mohammad Asif were all banned by the ICC anti-corruption tribunal in early 2011 and in November the same year, they were given different jail sentences by a crown court for cheating and corruption under British laws.Their bans became applicable from September 2010 when they were first suspended after the fourth Test at Lord's between Pakistan and England in which Aamir and Asif bowled deliberate no-balls.Aamir said he wants to make amends for letting his people down.\"I want to do a lot for Pakistan whenever I come back. I know I can give a lot of joy and pride to my countrymen if I get a chance again,\" he said.\"Frankly speaking I don't want to see any other player go through what I have gone through. I died when the police handcuffed me. I have conveyed to the PCB and ICC I am available to them in any manner they want to use me to send out a message to others that corruption does pay,\" he added.The youngster, who completed 50 Test wickets in 14 Tests, said he was happy the ICC was using his videos to educate players in the cricket world and especially in the youth World Cup.Aamir also denied allegations that he accumulated wealth and purchased property of millions due to his corrupt practices when he was playing.\"Whatever is reported in the media is not necessary true. When we won the T20 World Cup in 2009 I earned around 13 million rupees with which I purchased a home and car. I earned in millions from other endorsements and logo sponsorship deals.\"Today cricket pays a lot and players don't need to fall into any trap of corruption.\"He also made it clear that he was not paying anything to his legal team.\"They are assisting me and fighting my case on legal aid under British laws. And when I requested for legal aid I had to submit all my bank statements, tax returns and details of assets to seek legal aid so I have nothing to hide from anyone.\"Aamir also admitted that education was necessary for sportspersons in any game.\"Today I regret I couldn't continue my higher education but once I get this ban out of the way I will try to complete my college education age is on my side.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258750", "title": "Man from Nagaland on a mission in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Kenneth Otyuo came to Jharkhand from Nagaland in 2005 as a 'mission' teacher for an NGO he was working for. He started teaching the children and liked it so much that he left the NGO and settled here. He realized there was a lot of scope for him to fulfil his dream of doing something for the society at large. \"There are a lot of children in the rural areas of Jharkhand who lack proper education. So, I opened a school here in 2009,\" said the 31-year-old Kenneth.And Little Angel Mission School was born. Situated in Bero, 40km from Ranchi, the school today has more than 160 students studying from nursery to Class IV. \"We mostly teach in English. We also use Hindi at times if any students have difficulty understanding English,\" he said.Sometimes, it is difficult for Kenneth to communicate as the children at Bero do not know English and Kenneth doesn't know proper Hindi. \"We have some locals teaching at the school too, so that there is no communication gap between the teachers and students. And the children are quick to pick up English,\" he smiles.Kenneth's wife Zuchano, his brother and three friends from Nagaland have also shifted to Bero to help him in his cause. \"When he told me that he wanted to open a school in Jharkhand, I came here to help him,\" said Zuchano. Although they miss their families, the young man and his entourage love their work. \"We visit Nagaland once a year. But, as they say, home is where the heart is, and our hearts lie here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257391", "title": "Constable arrested for taking bribe", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Tuesday arrested a police constable attached to the Market Yard police station for accepting Rs 15,000 from a transport operator.The suspect, Sampat Bhagoji Malusare (51), is a resident of Bhekarainagar in Hadapsar. A complaint was lodged with the anti-corruption bureau by Motiram Popat Gawde of Vadgaonsheri.Assistant commissioner of police (ACB) R V Galande said that on February 17, 2011, the truck owned by Gawde had met with an accident on Bibvewadi-Kondhwa Road. The driver had left the truck on the spot and fled. Malusare was investigating the case.Galande said that Malusare had gone to Gawde's house in Vadgaonsheri and told him to produce the driver before the police or else he would have to face arrest. \"Malusare had demanded Rs 25,000 from Gawde to evade arrest,\" Galande said.Gawde then approached the anti-corruption bureau and lodged a complaint. \"On Tuesday we laid a trap and arrested Malusare while accepting Rs 15,000 from Gawde,\" Galande said.The anti-corruption bureau team comprising police inspector Ashwini Satpute, police constables Vijay Mali and Sunil Shelke participated in the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257488", "title": "More complaints in medical seat fraud", "text": "BHOPAL: The woman who was arrested from the state capital on Monday for allegedly duping a Haryana-based man on pretext of getting a medical seat for his son is suspected to have conned many people throughout the country. The Nishatpura police station officials said it is flooded with telephone calls from different cities inquiring about the woman.The callers informed the police that they too have been duped by a woman who had taken money from them after promising a medical seat for their wards in a private medical college. The woman, identified as Komal Pandey, was arrested on a complaint by Ashok Kumar Kajal of Haryana. She had allegedly taken Rs 3.5 lakh from him promising a medical seat at a private college here for his son, Amandeep. She was demanding a demand draft of Rs 3.6 lakh more in her name when Ashok Kumar started suspecting her. Subsequently, she and two others identified as, Raj and Rajeev were taken into custody.Police said when the woman initially came in contact with the complainant introduced herself as Dr Shubra Dutta of Jawaharlal Nehru Cancer Hospital.Later, she said that she was a senior executive officer with a medical body. Things got clear only when the complainant came to Bhopal and verified her credentials, the police added. The Nishatpura police station officials said those who have called from different cities on Tuesday have been asked to come and identify the woman. She has been taken on a police remand of 4 days for further interrogation, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "charlotte", "code": "16262340", "title": "Hindu-American Tulsi Gabbard's star shines at Democratic convention", "text": "CHARLOTTE: Tulsi Gabbard, who appears all set to become the first Hindu-American to be elected to the US House of Representatives, received a big round of applause at the Democratic National Convention here when she took the stage to speak in favour of President Barack Obama .In fact, Time Warner Cable Arena in this North Carolina township erupted into cheer and a big round of applause when she greeted thousands of her party colleagues with Aloha.\"Aloha! I'm Tulsi Gabbard, candidate for Congress in Hawaii and a captain in the Army National Guard ,\" she said amidst rounds of applause and cheer from the audience, in presence of Nancy Pelosi , the top party leader in the House of Representatives, and several other Democratic Congresswomen.The daughter of a Samoan Catholic father and white Hindu mother who moved from American Samoa to Hawaii when she was a child, Gabbard is a rising star in the Democratic Party.At the age of 21, she became the youngest person elected to the Hawaii legislature. At 23, she was the state's first elected official to voluntarily resign to go to war. At 28, she became the first woman to be presented with an award by the Kuwait Army National Guard.31-year-old Gabbard, who won the Democratic primary from Hawaii last month, is now all set to win the seat as this is considered to be a party stronghold.\"When I stepped down from the state legislature where I served and headed to a war zone, I joined a long, proud line of Americans who sacrifice to make us the land of the free and the home of the brave,\" Gabbard said.\"As a combat veteran, I know the cost of war. The sacrifices made by our troops and military families are immeasurable,\" she said.\"These days it's often women in uniform: moms, wives, even grandmothers who deploy and leave their families behind. Such heroes and patriots need and deserve leaders who truly understand and care about their hardships and will fight for them,\" she argued.\"Leaders like President (Barack Obama) and Michelle Obama and Vice President (Joe) Biden, the strongest advocates our military families could ever have,\" she said amidst another round of applause and cheer from the audience.\"The Democratic women of the House standing here will honor the service and sacrifice of our troops to move America forward. Aloha; mahalo,\" Gabbard concluded her speech with another round of cheer and applause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16261903", "title": "Aamir and son\u2019s day out in USA", "text": "Shooting in Chicago isn't all about work for Aamir Khan . TOI spotted the actor taking a stroll with his son Aazad snugly nestled in a baby pram outside the five star the crew have checked in to.A source from the sets told us that this has been Aamir's schedule of late - wake up in the morning and take son for a stroll before joining the crew for some daredevil stunts in Dhoom 3 . Morning walks apart, Aamir also threw a party for the cast and crew of Dhoom 3 on Monday night to celebrate his being featured on the cover of the Time magazine. We learnt that the actor along with co-actors Abhishek Bachchan , Uday Chopra and a few others from the crew also went to watch Ek Tha Tiger earlier. Surely for Aamir, it hasn't been 'all work and no play' in Illinois.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258742", "title": "Congress lures youth with free laptops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The tirade of freebies unleashed by the Gujarat Congress continues. After affordable houses, free plots, cheap medical treatment, the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee ( GPCC) announced on Tuesday that it will distribute free laptops to students clearing class XII exams, if voted to power.The party also promised to take the education standard in schools and colleges to world-class levels.\"There will be at least one English teacher for each government school and private primary schools of high standards,\" GPCC's election committee president Shankersinh Vaghela and state Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said on Tuesday.Congress also promised 'Student Special Buses' during school-college timings. \"Laptops will be given to all students studying in undergraduate (UG) and postgraduate (PG) courses. This will enable the students to compete globally by keeping them equipped with knowledge of computer and information technology. In all there are about 8 lakh students in UG and PG courses,\" Modhwadia said.Modhwadia said the party will construct government-run boys and girls hostels in urban areas, sports complexes at taluka levels, universities in tribal areas, constitution of a special 'Vidya Nidhi' fund for scholarship to poor and middle-class students in self-financed colleges. Fees of 30 per cent of poor and middle-class students studying in self-financed colleges will be paid from this fund.Among other promises, the Congress also assured re-starting election for schools and college unions, which is banned by BJP due to large-scale incidents of violence.The Congress in order to woo the teachers of private education institutes also promises full salaries to them. For providing accommodation facilities to students who come to metro cities from rural areas for pursuing higher studies, arrangements will be made by constructing separate hostels for boys and girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "delhi/chennai", "code": "16257049", "title": "Govt plans \u2018licence\u2019 to harvest organs", "text": "DELHI/CHENNAI: Applying for a new driving licence?You might have to declare whether you want to donate any of your organs or tissues in case of a fatality.With 17 lives lost in road accidents every hour last year, and 390 fatalities recorded daily, the Union health ministry says organs donated from such victims with proper consent of their family members can help the country's abysmally low organ donation rate.The new draft of the Transplantation of Human Organ Rules, 2012, discussed by the Union health ministry in consultation with experts on August 30, however, says there would be no compulsion for the applicant to say \"yes\" to donation but it should become mandatory for people to declare their intentions.The draft available with TOI suggests that a donor in the presence of two or more witnesses \u2014 at least one of whom to be a next of kin \u2014 will have to \"unequivocally authorize before his death in documents like driving license wherein the provision for donation is incorporated after notification of this Act the removal of his organs/tissues including eye after his death for therapeutic purposes and there is no reason to believe that the donor had subsequently revoked the authorization\".The health ministry officials said a letter was written to the surface transport department almost a year ago, suggesting that all new applicants have to mandatorily declare whether they want to donate their organs in the application form.The department wasn't too keen as it would entail the long process of changing the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.Joint secretary in the ministry of transport Nitin Gokarn told TOI, \"We are examining the proposal. The idea has not been shelved. It can't be done in a hurry as it would entail coming out a draft notification and then changing the Act.\"Joint secretary in the health ministry Arun Panda said, \"The parliamentary standing committee had recommended that the driving licence should containing information on whether the licence-holder wants to donate h/his organs. We are pushing for it.\"Dr Anil Kumar, expert on organ donation in the director general of health services who was present in the August 30 meeting, said, \"If included in the licence, we will know the wish of the holder regarding organ donation. However the organs can't be harvested without the consent of the relative. A transplant coordinator in a hospital can then help the relatives with the donation.\"Leading transplant surgeons say more than 90% of brain death in India is caused due to road accidents and most victims are likely to carry their licences.Presently, organ donation cards in most states are issued by independent hospitals or NGOs. The registrations are poor and many cases, donations don't happen. Transplant surgeons are now hoping that new proposal, will create awareness, spur up family discussions and increase donor pools.\"There's a variety of reasons why people don't put their name on the organ donor register with the most common being they just don't get round doing it. The option in the driving licence applications will give them the opportunity to sign up,\" said urologist Dr Sunil Shroff, who heads the Mohan (multi-organ harvesting aid network) Foundation, an NGO.\"An applicant will most certainly find out what organ donation is all about. There will be discussions within the family and there is awareness,\" he said. Now, on most occasions grief counselors work hard to explain the concept of organ donation and brain death to the grieving family.Most transplant surgeons feel that the country has the ability to fulfill the demand if more families of brain dead victim donate organs. \"Even if we manage one heart transplant a day, we will be helping hundreds of people. There is a huge waitlist for almost every organ and people die just waiting for the organ. We should make efforts to bring in laws that will significantly increase organ donations,\" said heart transplant surgeon Dr K M Cherian.Bangalore-based Reena Raju, who underwent a heart transplant three years ago, said: \"Whether it is a donor card or driving licence, it is important to discuss willingness with the family members. On many occasions family does not volunteer for donation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257379", "title": "\u2018Quota will help reduce caste-based victimization\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dalit intellectuals and writers have welcomed the Cabinet's approval of quota for SCs and STs in government jobs on Tuesday. They feel it will help Dalits become part of the decision-making process in bureaucracy and reduce caste-based victimization through adverse confidential reports. However, they also point out that caste discrimination is not limited to SCs/STs and wonder what would happen when two SC or ST employees compete for one post.D Shyam Babu, senior fellow, Centre for Policy Research, says the move is welcome in so far as it seeks to address the twin issues of discrimination and perceived discrimination \u2014 \"they cannot be separated,\" he maintains \u2014 in promotions.But he also points out that caste discrimination does not affect only SC/STs, even the so-called upper caste employees also suffer. \"The reporting officer and the employee in question do not always belong to the same caste, sub-caste or state. Shall we pretend that these abominations do not exist? An employee who's bypassed for promotion automatically suspects that he or she is discriminated against. Then again, of the two or more SC or ST employees seeking the same higher post, how can we be certain that the best among them will be promoted?\" he asks.Dalit columnist Chandrabhan Prasad maintains that Dalits need protection in promotions and postings because it is during promotions and posting that maximum lobbying and discrimination takes place. \"Wherever Constitution does not provide protection, SC/STs remain under-represented,\" he says.Writer Sheoraj Singh 'Bechain' says it is important to make Dalits a part of the decision-making in bureaucracy. \"Quota-based promotion will help in achieving that,\" he says.Bechain also points out that Dalits often become victims of adverse confidential reports where superiors vent their caste biases and the Cabinet decision will help stop such victimization.Shyam Babu believes that other solutions too could be offered. \"One possible way of evaluating one's performance \u2014 as opposed to the current Annual Confidential Report system \u2014 is to introduce an anonymous and quantifiable system. Even casting lots for promotions will be better than the present system of giving a blank cheque to reporting officers,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257792", "title": "Gang murders AIADMK councillor", "text": "CHENNAI: A seven-man gang murdered an AIADMK councillor while he was returning home from Anjaneyar Temple in Singaperumalkoil, Kancheepuram, on Tuesday morning.Police said 'Paveri' Velu alias Kumaravelu, 36, tried to escape his assailants, who were armed with sickles, but they chased him into a hospital and hacked him to death. The murder took place at 7.45am, a police officer said.Preliminary inquiries indicated that the gang killed Velu to take revenge for the murder of the gang leader's father and uncle in 2009. Velu had been involved in 22 cases, including three cases of murder, police said.Velu, of Paveri village near Singaperumal Koil, was the sitting councillor from Kattankolathur panchayat union.Investigators said Velu regularly visited the temple. \"He was returning home on his motorcycle with his friend R Deva, 30, of Mylapore, who was riding pillion,\" an investigating officer said. \"Two men on another motorbike deliberately rammed Velu's motorcycle. Velu and Deva were thrown to the ground.\"When he saw the men on the other motorcycle and five others approach him with sickles, Velu ran for his life. \"He entered a private hospital nearby, hoping to elude his assailants,\" the officer said. \"But the gang followed Velu into the hospital, cornered him and hacked him to death.\"The gang fled the spot, leaving Velu in a pool of blood. Maraimalai Nagar police personnel, who recovered the body, said he died during, or immediately after, the attack. Police sent the body to Kancheepuram Government Hospital for autopsy.The officer said Velu is believed to have murdered DMK functionary Muniraj and his brother Ramu in 2009. \"We suspect that Muniraj's son Kadiravan led the gang that killed Velu to avenge the murder of his father and uncle,\" he said.Investigators are searching for the killers. Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan told TOI that police had specific leads and hoped to arrest the assailants soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhavani (erode)", "code": "16258796", "title": "Teacher's Day: A teacher's no-holds-barred commitment to her students", "text": "BHAVANI (ERODE): Thanks to the persistence and determination of this primary school teacher, 36 students may very well become first generation literates in Chinniampalayam, a remote village inhabited for the most part by illiterate agricultural workers. 42-year-old M Sudha has redefined the destiny of these students over the last three years by raising a corpus that allowed for the modification of the neglected village school into an institution well-equipped to impart education.Though located just seven km away from the temple town of Bhavani, the village remained backward all these years and teachers posted to the Panchayat Union Primary School visited it only during the end of the month to sign the register in bulk. Parents were unaware of the importance of education and children too were employed in farms for a paltry salary.\"When I was posted at the primary school in 2010, the institution looked like an open public toilet. The stench within the compound littered with liquor bottles was nauseating. The deserted school was a haven for anti-social elements who went on drinking binges and considered the entire campus to be a public toilet. The school had several uses except that of educating its children,\" said Sudha.She had been posted at Chinniampalayam after a decade of service at the Kalangapalayam school where she had won two major awards for being an exemplary teacher. She was certainly surprised but not deterred by the sorry state of affairs at her new posting. She worked hard to collect Rs 80,000 in donations, using the funds to lay the floor with new tiles. Thanks to several philanthropists, she was able to have the entire school painted and damaged furniture replaced. By being relentlessly persistent, Sudha managed to get Rs 2 lakh from education department authorities to build a compound wall. She completed the renovation with a lockable gate that effectively kept anti-socials out.She lured 19 boys and 17 girls to an education, offering them free note books, snacks etc. \"While the government provides uniforms, noon-meal, umbrellas and slippers, I source the rest of the necessities from generous people. When I approach people for help, they never discourage me,\" she said. She ensured the school had power supply as most houses were devoid of electricity. A friend donated a water purifier.Apart from Sudha, the government has deputed one helper to the school. Mother of two college going children, Sudha has a passion for teaching. Apart from the prescribed curriculum, she teaches music, drawing, yoga, spoken English, communication skills and confidence building measures.PTA president C M Palanisami and his wife P Renuka Devi, who is a member of the local panchayat, told TOI that the whole village now understands the importance of education, thanks to Sudha's efforts. \"It is not just a school. We get everything here from medical checkups to bags and umbrellas. Learning is fun,'' says Baby Salini, a class 5 student of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16258700", "title": "Behala couple goes missing, cops clueless", "text": "KOLKATA: A couple who went missing on Sunday is yet to be traced by the police. Jayanta Mazumdar had once fled home earlier so as to dodge his debtors, said family members. But police suspect that the duo has left the city.Around 11am on Sunday, Rima and Jayanta, who have been married for two years, told the family members that they were going to shop for the Pujas. \"They said they were going to New Market and so we did not suspect anything. Later, when we called Jayanta, he said they had reached Behala and would be home soon,\" said a family source.But when they failed to return home, the family members lodged a missing complaint early on Monday. Jayanta, a resident of Thakurpukur in southwest Kolkata, works as a Group D staff at the BDO's office.Preliminary probe revealed that the couple had boarded the Metro after leaving home on Sunday. Their cell phone details also confirmed that around 4pm, when Jayanta last spoke to his family, he was in the New Market area when he last spoke to his family around 4pm. His phone was tracked once again at 5.12pm near Nimtala burning ghat. After that point, his cell phone could no more be traced.Cops have checked all unnatural death cases in the area, but failed to track the couple.Has gone missing since Sunday is still remained untraced. The couple Jayanta Mazumdar and his wife Rima are residents of Thakurpukur area of south west Kolkata.According to family sources the couple left home around 11 am on Sunday and they told other family members that they would go to New Market for puja shopping. The family members had no cause suspect.Jayanta and Rima got married around two years back. Jayanta works as a group D staff of Block Development Officer's office.Police said that on Sunday when family members called up Jayanta he told that he reached Behala and soon will be at home. But till late night the couple did not turn up.On next morning his family members lodged a missing complaint with Thakurpkur police station. Probe revealed that they boarded a metro rail after leaving home on Sunday. Their cell phone detail also confirmed that around 4 pm, when Jayanta spoke to his family, he was then at New Market area. His cell phone was tracked once again at 5.12 pm near Nimtala Burning ghat.Since then, their cell phone remained untraced. Police said that they have checked all unnatural death cases in the area and no trace was found of the couple. Police suspect that they might have left the city. Cops said that earlier once Jayanta fled from home to dodge his debtors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16259178", "title": "Keralan food gets Lankan mouths watering", "text": "KOCHI: The Lankan and Keralan topography and physiognomy have parallels, but their gastronomies too have an uncanny similarity which is proving beneficial to the ethnic food producers of Kerala. Traditional Kerala food items like puttu and idiyappam, exported to western Europe and Australia targeting the Keralites working there, are increasingly consumed by Sri Lankan expatriates in those markets.\"Thirty per cent of our products sold in the UK, Switzerland, Austria, Germany and France are consumed by Sri Lankans living there,\" revealed Sajive Manjila, managing director of Thrissur-based Manjilas Group of Companies. The company markets rice and rice flour for traditional Malayali food products like puttu and idiyappam (noolputtu) in markets like the US, western Europe, the Middle East and Australia under the brand 'Double Horse'.\"The reddish products - puttu, idiyappam, and rice made from the Chembavu variants - are found to be popular among the Sri Lankans,\" Manjila revealed. His company exports 30 containers of food products every month for the American and western European markets.London-based Sony Robinson, who markets Palakkadan Matta rice under the brand name Jasu Rice in the UK also noticed this trend. \"I import 48 tonnes of rice every three months to London and 70 - 75% is being consumed by the Sri Lankan expatriates here,\" he said. Michael Pullolil Kurien, who runs Keraleeyam, a store for ethnic Kerala foods in Oxford in the UK, says Sri Lankans regularly buy traditional Kerala food from his shop.What attracts the Sri Lankan community towards the ethnic Kerala food is the similarities between the cuisines of both the lands. \"Roughly 35% of the food items in Lanka are similar to that of Kerala,\" observed Surendra Madhavan, executive director of Kochi-based Vijaya Corporate, who had spent a decade in Sri Lankan capital Colombo till 2002.Kindred culinary interests of the Lankans and Keralites, initially a serendipity for local businessmen in the state, are transforming into good business opportunities for them. At times, this business-cultural relationship turns quid pro quo - during Onam, the Keralites in London and nearby towns serve traditional Onasadya on plantain leaves from Sri Lanka .Like Keralites, Lankans migrate in large numbers to developed nations across the world. According to the website of British High Commission, Colombo, the number of Sri Lankans living in Britain is 5 lakh, and the number of Lankans applying for British visa is upwards of 30,000 per annum.Similarly, the Australian High Commission estimates that one lakh Lankans live in Australia. BASUG Diaspora and Development, a Netherlands-based organisation, puts the figure of Lankans in France as 1.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16258592", "title": "Now, addendum to Sonsoddo plant deal", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) is likely to sign an addendum to the concession agreement with Fomento-IL&FS; over the setting up of the solid waste management plant at Sonsoddo, next week.The addendum will also contain revised financial costs of the project that will be paid to the concessionaire by the MMC, it was said.\"All issues concerning the revised payment terms and other matters will be settled by next week,\" chief officer of the MMC Srinet Kothavle told TOI.As per the original concession agreement, the Fomento-IL&FS; is to set up a 50-75 TPD (tonnes per day) capacity plant on design, build, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) basis for a period of 25 years, at a cost of 7.31 crore that would be borne by the MMC. Subsequent to the signing of the agreement, certain parameters of the project were changed. While the location of the plant was shifted to the 57,700 sq m of land adjoining the existing garbage dump, the new proposal for scientific capping of the garbage dump will do away with the necessity of segregating and treating the garbage dump. \"This will obviously bring down the total cost of the project and we are working at it,\" Kothawle said.Fomento is not in agreement with the MMC's stand that the changed parameters would lead to cost reduction of the project. \"The parameters were changed to suit the convenience of the MMC. Who will pay us for the changes we had to do in the design of the machines owing the changed parameters?\" chief executive officer of Fomento Sridhar Kamat told TOI.\"We have submitted our draft addendum to the MMC and are waiting to hear from them. We have already raised our bills with the MMC for three installments due to us totaling 3.9 crore. We expect the MMC to honour its commitments,\" Kamat added.The incessant rains, meanwhile, have caused a delay to Fomento's plans of starting its trial runs of the project. \"Once the rains subside, we will require at least 8-10 days to begin the trial runs,\" Kamat said.The consultant appointed by the MMC for the exercise of scientific capping of the exercise, K R Gopalkrishnan, is likely to submit his detailed project report (DPR) of the exercise, including design of the closure, by next week, following which the civic body would invite tenders from consultants to execute the project, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262108", "title": "Midwest bags Vennela one and a half overseas rights", "text": "Midwest Movies Inc has bagged the theatrical screening rights of Vennela Kishore's directional debut Vennela one and a half. The exhibitors expressed their sincere thanks to Vennela Kishore, Producer Varma, Anil Sunkara and Kishore for giving the opportunity.Vennela one and a half is about a couple who flew to Bangkok on leisure and how their life change after encountering unforeseen incidents during their trip.Chaitanya Krishna and Monal Gajjar are paired up in this romantic entertainer. Sunil Kashyap has scored the music for this film, which is expected to hit the screens in the third week of September. Other casting includes Brahmanandam, Raghu Babu, Master Bharat, Shravan and Giridhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16256643", "title": "Vizag airport operations extended", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Much to the air travellers' joy, the Visakhapatnam airport was given a green signal by the Union defence ministry on Tuesday for extending the hours of operation by four more hours. The airport which closes by 8 pm would now be allowed to function till 11.55 pm to enable the international flights to land and take off. Sources said this facility would come into effect from October 1 till six months.Sources said this rider meant that the airport authorities will have to take the permission of the defence ministry to renew this facility every six months so that the international flights could land and take-off without any hitch. Clearing the air over the extension of airport hours, defence minister A K Antony in a written communication to the chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said the airport would be allowed to function till 11.55 pm three days a week from October 1 for a period of six months. The extended hours would be available only on Sunday, Wednesday and Friday. Antony also said strengthening of manpower for 24-hour operation of the airport is under active consideration of his ministry.Welcoming the decision, Visakhapatnam Air Travellers Association (VATA) representative Vishnu Kumar Raju told TOI that more international carriers would introduce their services in the next six months and hoped that the airport would be available 24 hours to the passengers. VATA representatives Chevuru Rama Kotayya and Naresh Kumar said though the take-off of the last flight from the airport is 10.55 pm, the authorities would keep the airport open till 12 am keeping in mind the exigencies and other technical snags that could arise.The people of north coastal Andhra region have been requesting the Indian Navy to give permission for round-the-clock operations since a couple of years. Sources said Sri Lankan Airways representatives are visiting the port city on September 11 for a feasibility study. Thai Airways is also interested to operate its flight to Bangkok , while the Emirates is considering Vizag as one of its top destinations, Raju added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258296", "title": "This 'class' teacher imparts lessons in empowerment", "text": "LUCKNOW: Forty-eight years old R B Pal, a dalit could have easily availed the benefits of reservation system in any sector in the country and led a decent life. But, this resident of Kutiyawa, a village in Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh, thought to tread the road less travelled. Instead of arming the residents of his village against the apathy of the system, he decided to script a change and empower them with education and enable them not only to fight for their own rights, but also become self-reliant.The thirst for education was so intense in this teacher that during his student days he often used to swim across the river to reach his favourite place -- the inter college, as he could not pay the boatman.Sharing his views with TOI, Pal, who runs a Jan Shikshan Kendra in Kutiyawa village, almost 17 kilometres from the Ambedkar Nagar district headquarters, firmly believes that education alone could help any community prosper as well as empower itself, and dalits are no exception. \"There is no substitute to education. Only it can help in empowering a person or a community,\" said Pal citing the example of villagers -- mostly comprising Gaderiya (Shepherd) and Lohar (Blacksmith) castes -- who after much persuasion by Pal and his team, have allowed their children to go to the Jan Shikshan Kendra (a primary school) and learn basic lessons of life.When asked about the Jan Shikshan Kendra, Pal said: \"Thanks to the community support, I was fortunate enough to get a piece of land in 1997. It was here that the foundation of Jan Shikshan Kendra was laid with 13 students. Today, it has progressed to 289 students. However, my endeavour is also to ensure education to adults, and if possible the family members of the students. In fact, I feel proud of teaching a child of a migrant brick-kiln worker. The boy was intelligent enough to clear the recruitment test of UP constables.\" Interestingly, Pal's daughters completed their primary education from the Jan Shikshan Kendra itself. \"Today, my elder daughter Pushpa is pursuing MA, while Sushma, the younger one, is in class X,\" said a proud father, highlighting the impact of intervention through education at the right age.Narrating the story behind Jan Shikshan Kendra, Pal says, \"It was in 1994, when slogans like education for all, universalisation of education were quite in vogue. However, there was no such provision for the migrant labour population (of Faizabad and Ayodhya working in the tile industry), who used to roam from place to place in search of jobs. At that point of time, I along with some of my friends raised the issue of educating the children of this class of people. An organisation working for child rights awarded me fellowship, which definitely helped me a lot.\"\"But, at the same time, when our education campaign was going on, a government official told me that your aim remains unaccomplished, if your own child is left uneducated. This remark triggered an instant reaction from me, and I started teaching her at my house. And it is from here only that journey of Jan Shikshan Kendra started,\" he said.However, life was not so rosy for Pal, who had to struggle a lot and had to judiciously maintain harmony between his career and domestic duties. \"I had to walk barefoot to a government junior high school in Bewana, almost five kilometres from my village. After the school, I used to help my father in the field and with the cattle,\" recalled Pal.\"I bagged a state government scholarship for achieving distinction in all the five subjects,\" he added with an obvious sense of pride.One of the biggest challenges surfaced before Pal when he was in class 9. \"Reaching Ramdev Singh Inter College at Kamtaganj proved to be a challenging task as on most of the days I was not able to pay the boatman. As a result, I often had to swim across the river. But I ensured that I always had a spare set of clothes with myself,\" said the LLB graduate from Allahabad University, who also fared well in class 10 and 12 board examinations.In a span of 15 years, Jan Shikshan Kendra, too, gradually made its presence felt among the educationally deprived lot in the village and adjoining areas and is working on various aspects of child rights in 55 villages of Ambedkar Nagar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer/alwar", "code": "16258246", "title": "Rain continues to batter Rajasthan, 9 killed", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER/ALWAR: Torrential rains continued to pound some parts of the state including Ajmer and Alwar on Tuesday, leaving at least nine people dead. Around two dozen villages in Alwar district faced a flood-like situation after a heavy downpour for the second day running. The Jaipur met office has forecasted heavy rainfall in 13 districts in the next 36 hours, including the capital.The showers in Ajmer began in the morning and the town had recorded 90mm of rainfall till evening. Three people were killed when some boulders fell down from Taragarh hills and fell on a house in Longia Mohalla in Ajmer. The dead, all from the same family, were identified as Nazma (26), Mehak (4) and Javed (14). Kishan, a labourer from Kanas village was killed after he was swept away in a rain-fed nullah in Ajmer. In Kekari village, a young man was killed after being struck by lightening. In fact, lightning also killed a woman in Jhalawar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16258133", "title": "Union Cabinet's nod to quota in promotions evokes strong reactions in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A proposal cleared by the Union government on Tuesday to provide reservation for Scheduled Castes (SC) and Scheduled Tribes (ST) in promotions in state jobs has generated strong reactions from the pro- and anti- quota groups in Rajasthan.The Samta Andolan Samiti, an organisation representing government employees from the non-reserved categories, has decided to initiate legal proceedings to get the Congress's registration as a national political party cancelled.The Jaipur-based National Union of Backward Classes, SC, ST and Minorities, on the other hand, has urged the Congress-led Central government to extend the quota in promotions benefit the OBC category employees too.At a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday, the union cabinet approved the proposal for making quota provisions for SC/ST in promotions in government jobs. The cabinet nod cleared the deck for introduction of a Constitution amendment bill, which has been a long-standing demand of all parties, barring the Samajwadi Party that wants the benefit to be allowed to the OBC. The amendment bill could be introduced in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.\"We believe that introducing such an amendment bill even 65 years after independence will lead to caste animosities and will finish off the almost eroded administrative system in the country,\" the Samta Andolan Samiti said in a press statement. \"This bill is aimed at keeping the vote banks intact, while keeping the reserved categories forever weak and dependent,\" the Samiti's president Parashar Narayan Sharma said.The National Union of Backward Classes, SC, ST and Minorities, on the other hand, said the amendment would ensure social equality to the Dalit and deprived communities. \"We demand that the Centre government should accept BSP leader Mayawati and SP leader Mulayam Singh's demand for including OBC category in the ambit of quota in promotion provision. OBC's inclusion will strengthen the SC/ST's right and struggle for quota,\" the Union's state president Rajpal Meena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16258101", "title": "HC tells petitioner to approach Lokayukta against Mathur panel members", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court has asked a petitioner to approach the Lokayukta to seek a probe against the members of Justice N N Mathur commission which was appointed by the Ashok Gehlot government to look into alleged charges of corruption against the Vasundhara Raje government.The commission was wound up pursuant to a PIL filed by one Kashi Purohit on January 4, 2010 and the special leave petition filed by the state government in the Supreme Court was also rejected.Meanwhile, a petition was also filed by one Rakesh K Rijwaniya alleging that two of the members -- former chief secretary Inderjeet Khanna and former IPS officer HR Meena -- were also involved in corruption. It was alleged that while the former chief secretary tried to favour allotment of land to one Garg Hospital on JLN Road while Meena has encroached upon a public road to construct his house.The division bench was of the view that since all the matters that were being inquired by the Mathur commission were referred to the Lokayuta for investigation, as such any complaint or grievance regarding the misdeeds of its members must also be looked into by the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258074", "title": "Anticipatory bail for BPF MLA, 16 others", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court, in an interim order on Tuesday, granted anticipatory bail to Bodoland Peoples' Front (BPF) MLA Kamal Singh Narzary and 16 others, who were accused of instigating violence during ethnic clashes in Chirang district. The high court issued the order while responding to a bail prayer by them.Narzary and 17 others, including former agriculture minister Pramila Rani Brahma, were charged with instigating violence in a case where five people were killed in the Amguri area of Chirang district on August 25. However, Pramila Rani is yet to file her bail plea.\"Pramila Rani Brahma is likely to move her bail prayer on Wednesday. Others prayed for their bails after one Azizur Mandal filed a case (238/12) in Bijni Police Station accusing all of them of instigating violence. The high court issued this interim order and asked police not to arrest them. Even if police arrest them, they will be released on a surety bond of Rs 10,000 each,\" said Manas Sarania, the counsel of the petitioners.According to police, seven people were returning to their village from a relief camp at Amguri in Chirang district on August 25 when a group of miscreants attacked them and killed five on the spot. Two are still missing. Later, Azizur Mandal filed a case at Bijni PS against the 18 accused.The HC also asked Bijni Police to file a case diary within the next date of hearing on September 14.Significantly, Narzary and others moved their bail pleas after police arrested BPF MLA of Kokrajhar (west) Pradeep Brahma on charges of instigating communal hatred during ethnic clashes in western Assam.Earlier, opposition parties in the state also hinted at political influence in Bodoland Territorial Council clash after leaders from BPF, an ally of Congress in the government, were accused of spreading violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16261741", "title": "India calls on Syrian parties to dissociate from terror groups", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: As the crisis in Syria worsens, India has asked all parties in the troubled nation to dissociate themselves from terrorist groups, which it said are exploiting the increasingly militarised conflict.Strongly condemning the terrorist acts that continue to be perpetrated in Syria against state institutions and public infrastructure, India's permanent representative to the UN ambassador Hardeep Singh Puri said the Syrian conflict has become increasingly more militarised, which is being exploited by well-known terrorist groups.\"We call upon all parties, Syrian as well as foreign, to dissociate themselves from terrorist groups and ensure that no space or justification is provided for terrorist acts,\" Puri said at an UN General Assembly meeting on Syria on Tuesday.He expressed concern that the Syrian parties have pursued a military approach to realise their objectives instead of seriously commencing a Syrian-led political process.With the international community failing in its efforts to address the crisis, he said, there is an urgent need for countries to \"close ranks and send a united message to the Syrian parties.\"The parties in Syria must be urged to recommit themselves to resolving the crisis peacefully through a Syrian-led inclusive political process that can meet the legitimate aspirations of all Syrian citizens.\"There is no other way to bring about a sustained cessation of violence in all its forms by all parties,\" he added.The nearly 18-month long crisis has affected the region as a whole and the deteriorating security situation has exacerbated the humanitarian sufferings of the Syrian population, Puri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259434", "title": "For municipal corporation commissioner V P Singh his father is his guiding light", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Everyone has a mentor in life, either a teacher in school or lecturer at college, but for municipal corporation commissioner V P Singh, his father has been his guru. He gives all his success credit to his father B P Singh.V P Singh said his father has always been a guiding force behind him. A retired lecturer from a college in Kanpur, B P Singh has not taught his son at college but he's been the guiding light of his life. He said the lesson of honesty, hard work and dedication was taught by his father and till now he follows the path shown by his guide.\"My father used to tell me that if you give your best, you will never fail in life because God is seeing your dedication towards your work and he rewards everyone suitably. At all crucial junctures in life, my father has always been there to show me the path,\" Singh Junior added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16257978", "title": "Clash leaves 2 Rayat Bahra College students critical", "text": "Parvesh SharmaPATIALA: Two students of Rayat Bahra College were critically injured in a clash on the campus near the Sangrur-Patiala road on Tuesday. They were admitted to Columbia Asia Hospital. Some students outside the hospital said that BTech students Harvinder and Rupinder were attacked with sharp-edged weapons by Rubal, another student of the same college, who brought his friends along. This happened around 11.30am when classes were on.Rupinder was wounded on the abdomen and Harvinder suffered an injured back. College authorities have often boasted of enough at the main gate but the entry of assailants carrying sharp weapons has shattered their claims.\"They used a long knife and stabbed the victim over and over again. Nobody, either the security or the authorities, came forward. The victims would have been murdered if we had not intervened,\" alleged Amandeep, a friend of the injured students.Investigating officer Gurdev Singh said: \"The students are in no position to talk. We await permission from the doctors.\"In the meantime, other students have accused Rubal of openly threatening the students and that some professors had been supporting him for reasons best known to the authorities. The colleges runs buses to pick and drop students but, it is indeed surprising that the wounded students had to be taken to the hospital on motorcycles since \"the college refused any help,\" said Amandeep. \"We drove while it rained. They didn't even allow us to use the bus,\" he rued.Repeated calls and SMSs to the cellphone of director Piush Verma were unanswered. But, general manager (retd) Col K B K Singh said they had been extending a helping hand to the students and getting their treatment done. \"The attack was so sudden. We had no time to react,\" he curtly remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257551", "title": "Carmel Convent wins quiz contest", "text": "BHOPAL: St. Montfort Sr. Secondary school, Patel Nagar, organized the Third Montfort Cup, inter-school quiz competition - Brain Hunt -- on Saturday. Around 12 schools participated in the contest. The rolling trophy was bagged by Carmel convent School Ratanpur and the runner -up trophy went to Holy Family Convent School.Baby Convent High School: An oath-taking ceremony was organized at Baby Convent School on Monday. Aarti Singh was appointed as the president while Azara Khan was appointed as the vice-president of the school.Lord's convent school: Lord's Convent School celebrated Teacher's Day on Tuesday with great zeal and enthusiasm. Nursery students offered flowers to Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan's photograph and teachers.Billabong High International School: The English extempore team of Sikandar Jamal of Grade XI and Medha Prakash of Grade IX from Billabong High International School won the best team award for their performance at the event 'Sanskaar Srijan -The Articulate Arena' hosted by Sanskaar Valley School held recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16259300", "title": "Refresher course in zoology for Allahabad University teachers from today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A fortnight-long refresher course in \"Action Zoology: The emerging trends,\" and Colleges would begin at the auditorium of National Academy of Sciences, India from September 5.The refresher course, meant for the teachers of Allahabad University and affiliated colleges, is being organised jointly by Bangalore, Delhi and Allahabad's National Science Academies along with the department of Zoology, AU.Providing details of the course, the course director Prof UC Srivastava of the department of Zoology, AU said the course would be inaugurated by ICMR Chair Distinguished Professor, NASI, Prof V P Sharma while the guest of honour will be vice-chancellor, CSJM University, Kanpur, Prof Ashok Kumar. \"The main objective of this course is to discuss the application-oriented science of action Zoology, namely Physiology, Biotechnology, Genetic engineering, Bioinformatics, Radiation biology, Molecular cytogenetics and geno-toxicity, Neurobiology, Bio-mathematical modeling and computer application in transformational technologies,\" said Prof Srivastava.The lectures will be supplemented with discussions and practical demonstrations, and the emphasis will be on learning by doing. The course director further informed that more than 25 outstation participants from Kerala, West Bengal, Odisha, New Delhi, Mathura, Bhopal, Jalpaigudi, Kanpur, Greater Noida, Tamil Nadu, Faizabad, Lalitpur, Jhansi, Agra, Bilaspur, Varanasi among other places, and more than 20 participants from nearby degree and PG colleges as well as AU have given their consent to participate in the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258394", "title": "Headley carried fake currency notes to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: During reconnaissance for 26/11 Mumbai attacks, US-born LeT operative David Coleman Headley carried counterfeit currency notes for use in India. These notes were given to him by the banned terror group, Lashkar-e-Toiba.Replying to a question on fake currency notes, minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh told Lok Sabha on Tuesday: \"During investigation of the (26/11) case pertaining to the activities of David Coleman Headley and others it was revealed that fake Indian currency notes were given to him for using these in India.\" Headley is presently in US custody at a Chicago jail.He added: \"Under the Indo-US homeland security dialogue, counterfeit currency is one of the aspects for cooperation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16261889", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to grace Devaraya audio", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan will grace the audio launch of Srikanth-starrer Devaraya on September 12 at Shilpa Kala Vedika, Hyderabad. Official sources confirm that Pawan has accepted actor Srikanth's request to attend the film's audio release, and arrangements are in full swing for the ceremony.Speaking on this occasion, the makers have expressed gratitude to Pawan for for accepting their request. Devaraya has Srikanth playing a dual role - Dorababu and King Krishna Devarayalu. Meenakshi Dixit is playing the female lead in this film, which is directed by Nanikrishna and jointly produced by Kiran and Nani Krishna.Pawan Kalyan seldom makes his way for other filmi dos but the actor has been spotted frequently in the recent past. He graced the audio launch of Nitin's Ishq and Allu Arjun's Julayi and both went on to become successful films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16259884", "title": "New diarrhoea cases spark epidemic fears", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 12 new diarrhoea cases were reported in the city from a single locality here on Tuesday. Several dysentery and diarrhoea cases also came to light from other localities, sparking fears of an epidemic caused due to contaminated water supply and poor civic scenario in the region.According to the inhabitants of Barra where the 12 new diarrhoea cases were reported, several people complained of loose motions and vomiting around the same time. A local leader said Neha, 16, Aviraj, 3, Prachi, 4, Yeshu, 3, Sarju, 50, and Krishna, 1, are among those suffering from the ailment for the past few days.The locals alleged they have been receiving contaminated water supply for a long time which they believe to be the reason behind frequent diarrhoea outbreaks in the locality. Stagnant water in potholed and dug-up roads as well as overflowing sewers in and around houses make the living conditions dismal in the area, they said.Two cases of diarrhoea were also reported from Safed coloney while both Yashoda Nagar and Shyam Nagar reported a diarrhoea patient each. This disease has so far claimed two lives in the city, a child and an elderly person, who dies during treatment at Mohan Children hospital and LLR respectively. The two cases too belonged to the southern part of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16259327", "title": "Mattannur municipal election to be held today", "text": "KANNUR: All preparations for the municipal election in Mattannur, to be held on Tuesday, have been completed, according to election commission officials.Thirty four booths have been set up in the municipality which has 34 wards. Of this, 26 have been marked as sensitive booths, and video cameras have been installed in seven of them.And armed police from the neighbouring district have also been deployed here to prevent any untoward incident.As per the final voters' list, there are 33,463 voters in the municipality. Of this 17,718 are women and 15,745 are men. There are 103 candidates in the fray, said state election commissioner K Sasidharan Nair.Polling will begin at 7am and conclude at 5pm. The counting will be held on Wednesday at Mattannur Higher Secondary School. Since electronic machines will be used for voting, counting is expected to be completed in a couple of hours and results announced before noon.The election here assumes significance because this will be for the first time that the voters' list with photographs of the voters will be used for a local body election.Also, it is for the first time that the photo identity card has been made mandatory for a local body election. Those who do not have voters' identity cards can produce their passport, driving licence or passbook (with a photograph) of a nationalised bank.Moreover, from this election onwards, the campaign budget for the candidates (in local body elections) has been raised from Rs 5,000 to Rs 30,000.The LDF which is ruling Mattannur municipality is confident of retaining power and increasing its seats.The UDF, however, feels that public opinion in the backdrop of the killings of Abdul Shukkoor and T P Chandrasekharan is in its favour. Meanwhile, the BJP is also making all efforts to open its account.In the present municipal council there are 31 seats: LDF - 26 and UDF - 6. However, after the delimitation, there are 34 wards now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "thrissur ", "code": "16261581", "title": "Man kills younger brother with firearm gifted by victim", "text": "THRISSUR : Ten years ago, Punnakkamparambil Babu bought a Czechoslovakia-made revolver from Tamil Nadu and gifted it to his brother Raghunath. On Monday, Raghunath pulled the trigger of the same firearm to kill Babu, it was revealed a day after the incident.\"The accused pulled the trigger twice, an arm's length away from the victim,\" an investigator said on condition of anonymity, as he was not authorized to speak to the media.The first bullet hit the ceiling of the bar they were in, but the second found its target and pierced Babu's chest, killing him.Police said Babu bought the .6mm revolver following a perceived threat to his brother's life from their business rivals. He had taken the initiative to get a gun licence for Raghunath. Investigators are now checking whether the licence is still valid.\"Prima facie it seems Raghunath has a gun licence. We are yet to confirm this,\" the investigating officer said.Babu was killed following a property dispute with his brother at Kallada Residency in Shanthipuram near Kodungallor in Thrissur district of Kerala. The incident happened around 6.15 p.m. in the presence of their sibling Karthikeyan, the police said.The police claimed that Raghunath had confessed to the crime. Quoting his statement, the police said the dispute was over a 56-cent plot, the siblings jointly owned, near Kodungallur. Raghunath believed that Babu had cheated him to grab an extra 17 cents.The compromise meeting that went wrong was initiated by Saleem, Raghunath's close friend.The deceased was cremated at his residential compound on Tuesday after a postmortem examination at the Government Medical College in Thrissur. He is survived by wife Preethi, and children Reshma and Ajay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258351", "title": "Bajaj Nagar-Shankar Nagar stretch neglected for years", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after assurance by Dharampeth zone officials a month ago, life for motorists using West High Court road between Bajaj Nagar and Shankar Nagar is not easy. For some reason NMC has neglected to repair this road though other stretches of same road have been repaired.In August first week, engineers from NMC's PWD attached to Dharampeth zone had assured to carry out patchwork on this stretch. The motorists are yet to see any evidence of it though monsoon is nearing end. Not just that, the road is also home to stray dogs and garbage.Craters and potholes abound on this busy patch. A huge crater has developed in the middle of the road causing a nightmarish experience to users every day, they said. The road has not been asphalted for many years and its riding surface is completely worn off. The users lamented that even potholes had not been repaired. Driving a two-wheeler on this road is a nightmare due to the vibrations and bumps, alleged Siddharth, a motorcyclist.\"The road has not been tarred for 4-5 years, now the situation has gone worse with pits dug up, why do they start work in monsoon season, no department cares to complete their work in time and ensure that debris isn't left behind,\" he said. The citizens are facing hardships in spite of paying their taxes due to the shoddy work of NMC. \"How can somebody boast of making Nagpur the best city to live in,\" asked motorist Naresh Sambre.Team TOI found many motorists manoeuvring the potholes even as the entire stretch became waterlogged in rains. The drivers were unable to find a smooth passage. Car drivers find it very difficult to move their vehicles. Either they have to go extreme end of the road to avoid craters or ignore them. \"Travelling on this road is a bad experience,\" said Dhananjay Borikar.\"Though the asphaltation work has not been carried out since many years, the road used to be all right. The digging by both NMC water works and MSEDCL has worsened the situation as both the government agencies have ignored the repair work,\" said Ujwala Jogdand, another resident of the area.While residents fret and fume, NMC takes no notice. Assistant municipal commissioner Mahesh Morone admitted the condition of the road was bad. He, however, pointed out that the patchwork could not be carried out during monsoon. It will be carried out once the monsoon is over, he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258159", "title": "Teacher's Day: Students go all out to celebrate", "text": "GUWAHATI: Teacher's Day is as special an occasion for students as it is for teachers. In the run-up to the day most schools were abuzz with activity with students working hard long after school hours to practice their song-and-dance routines, speeches and finalizing gifts for their teachers.Principal of South Point School Barsapara K Chanda said, \"Like most other schools, we too celebrate Teacher's Day in our own special way. Teachers hold an important place in students' lives and on this day, they express gratitude and love for us.\" The students of South Point School, too, have made preparations for a special programme on Wednesday, a common one for all teachers and separate ones for their class teachers, Chanda informed.\"Like most other things, Teacher's Day celebrations too have undergone a change. But, it is only for the better,\" the principal smiled, adding, \"Students used to view teachers as authoritative figures earlier whereas today the two parties are on friendlier terms which enables students to express themselves better.\"Some veteran teachers in the city are reminded of their own childhood and schooldays on Teacher's Day. Principal of Axom Jatiya Vidyalaya, Aparajita Dutta, said, \"This day is close to every teacher's heart. We, too, remember our teachers on this day. Also, this is one day when students and teachers mingle freely and lessons and academic advice are completely forgotten.\" For the last few years, we have also been inviting and felicitating ones those who taught us, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256931", "title": "HC order on panchayats puts Andhra Pradesh in poll mode", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Panchayat Raj Institutions in Andhra Pradesh will go to polls in the coming months as the high court on Tuesday asked the state government to fix 50% reservations for various sections and submit a report to the State Election Commission.Though the polls will not be fought on political party lines, they will serve as an indicator as to where do the Congress, TDP, YSR Congress, TRS, BJP and the Left parties stand in the present political situation.Immediately after the HC verdict, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy expressed the state's readiness to conduct the elections as per the HC directive. The polls will give Kiran Kumar an opportunity to prove himself, and in case of a good showing by the Congress, will increase his life line to perhaps the main test in 2014.TDP sources said the polls will give the opportunity to N Chandrababu Naidu to reassert the party's role in state politics, while YSR Congress sources said it will act as the perfect platform for Jaganmohan Reddy to strengthen the party at the grassroots-level. The polls will also act as a test for the other parties to re-confirm their hold in their strongholds. However, there is also a likelihood of the panchayat raj polls not being held. The Backward Classes Mahajana Samiti (BMS), one of the petitioners in the case on which the HC delivered its verdict on Tuesday, has threatened to approach the Supreme Court on the constitutional validity of 34% reservation for backward classes in PR bodies as per the Andhra Pradesh Panchayat Raj Act, 1994.While the HC order states that the total reservations should not exceed 50%, if the AP PR Act has to be implemented and 34% of the seats reserved for the BCs, then the total reservation would touch 60% (including SC/STs) and thus violate the HC directive.BMS president V Sambasiva Rao said on Tuesday that they will wait for the notification by the State Election Commission and in case the 34% quota due for them is not in it, they will approach the Supreme Court.If the HC directive has to be honoured, then the reservation for BCs should be brought down from 34 to 24%. However, opposing such a move, Sambasiva Rao told TOI: \"Scaling down the quota amounts to violation of the Constitution. Therefore, the state will have no option but to defend the constitutional validity of the Act,\" Rao told TOI.The term of mandal and zilla parishads ended on July 21 and 22 last year while that of the gram panchayat (village assembly) expired on August 23, 2011. But apprehending an unfavourable response from the people, the Congress kept on postponing the elections on one pretext or the other. Insiders say that two factors, the Telangana issue and the emergence of YSR Congress in the Seemandhra region are responsible for the state government's hesitation to conduct the local polls.Party sources still feel there is not much improvement in the party at the ground level and that, in fact, it has deteriorated further. \"After the July by-elections, in which Congress lost 16 out of the 18 Assembly seats, losing another election will spell disaster for the party. Losing the statewide grassroots-level elections would demoralise party workers before the 2014 general elections,\" said party sources.According to sources, the repeat of 2006 performance is quite unlikely in the present situation in which the party is in tatters with groups and lack of cohesive leadership.In 2006, when the party was riding the crest of popularity under YS Rajasekhara Reddy, the Congress swept the polls.\"In the July 2006 elections, in 1017 mandals for which elections were held, Congress bagged 603 while the TDP secured 337 seats. A decision on the conduct of the polls will be taken after the chief minister's return from the Indiramma Baata in Kurnool district on September 6, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257413", "title": "Citizens' group wants better sewage recycling in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Nagrik Chetana Manch (NCM), a citizens' group, wants the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to enhance the sewage treating capacity to tackle future water crises in the city.The PMC has been receiving water from the state irrigation department on the condition that it will treat 6.5 TMC water annually for agricultural use. Since no such steps were taken, the state government on March 18, 2009 sought Rs 6 crore as compensation.Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd) of NCM said the civic body can get the much-needed additional water from the reservoirs of the dams if it supplies treated water for irrigation. The city generates about 9.5 TMC sewage every year and the irrigation department has asked it to treat and release 6.5 TMC into the irrigation canal for farmers' use. Once this happens, farmers will not lift water from the reservoirs and Pune can claim the additional quota.\"Why is no one asking why the civic body has failed to recycle and put back a drop of the water in the irrigation canal in the past 28 years? Why is no one being made accountable for this lapse?\" Jatar asked.\"In 1984, the irrigation department asked the civic body to recycle sewage. Again in 1997, 11.5 TMC water was allocated on the condition that it would recycle 6.5 TMC. From 1984, the civic body has not put back a drop of water in the irrigation canal. Blaming the irrigation department and not accepting its failure is not right,\" Jatar said. The civic body has developed the capacity to treat 527 MLD (70.80%) of the total 750 MLD sewage generated. Another treatment plant in Kharadi with 40 MLD capacity will go operational soon and boost the treatment to 76%, according to civic officials.In February, the general body sanctioned Rs 50 crore for sewage treatment. The civic body has drawn up a plan which includes setting up of eight sewage treatment plants at a cost of Rs 271.60 crore for treating 100% sewage. The PMC will seek funds from Centre for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16257925", "title": "Indian hijack victims' families await US compensation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When a widower, Gopal Dadhirao, an orphaned son, Prabhat Krishnaswamy, and a bereaved brother, Aneesh Bhanot, along with 116 such traumatized Indian families got a sudden invitation from the US Justice department on February 2004 to testify at a Washington DC court the sentence proceedings of the hijacking of a US plane - a Pan Am flight - in Karachi in 1986, they were relieved to see a belated honour for their kin coming their way.The trial, scheduled two months later on May 12, 2004, was to see the conviction of Zayad al Safarini, one of the three hijackers from Libya.They rejoiced in unison, that the justice would wean away at least some scars of their personal loss in the deadly hijack. After all, 14 among the 21 who had died, and over 100 injured, in that Pan Am flight from Bombay to New York via Karachi were all Indians.Among those dead was senior flight purser from Chandigarh, Neerja Bhanot, then just 23. Neerja died while trying to save those on board and was posthumously awarded the country's highst civilian award for bravery, the Ashok Chakra.As many as 179 Indian families attended the trial, along with 41 Americans, and narrated their tales to the judge while others wrote their memories of pain and loss in the court's testimony notebook. As a result, Safarini was sentenced to 160 years of prison.However, families of Indian hijack victims were shocked when four years later, the US administration on October 31, 2008 publicly excluded them from getting compensation from the $ 1.5 billion funds given by Libya to the US for the victims who had filed suits in US courts.\"We're sorry to inform that under the US law, only Americans are the ones we can address in a claims settlement procedure. So foreign nationals would have to go to their own governments and find the David Welch in their government and the Jonathan Schwartz , who will go out and negotiate a similar arrangement, or use their own courts. And I think under the circumstance, that's entirely appropriate,\" said a then US assistant secretary Davd Welch.Twenty-six years hence, the families are still looking to the US government with hope to get their honour back.They believe the US government has discriminated the Indians and been \"ungrateful\" by denying compensation to them from the Libyan corpus as it was largely because of the presence of mind and valour shown by Neerja Bhanot and 12 other Indian crew members that many American lives were saved.\"The question is not about money but discrimination in a loss of life. Are our lives not as precious as those of the Americans,\" asks Neerja's elder brother Aneesh.Their pain is exacerbated by the indifferent and insensitive attitude of the Indian government .\"Funds came from Libya, not even a single penny belonged to the US. Why can't our own ministry talk tough with the US government? It's a matter of honour,\" says Dadhirao, now in the US, who lost his 36-year-old pregnant wife Krishna Gadde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257783", "title": "Worker dies at construction site, safety under cloud", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old migrant worker died in a hospital on Tuesday of injuries he sustained when the scaffolding on which he was working gave away at a construction site in Santhoshapuram near Selayur on Monday.Police said Abdul Sardar was among several workers engaged in the construction of a multistorey building on Kakkanji Street in Santhoshapuram. The workers were taken to the Tambaram Taluk Government Hospital in Chromepet, where Abdul Sardar died.There has been a series of construction site accidents that claimed lives of many migrant labourers recently. A worker died and six others were injured when the boom of a crane broke at a metro rail construction site on August 9. On August 6, 10 construction workers died when a portion of a 40-foot wall collapsed at the Jeppiar Institute of Technology in Kunnam.According to the Centre of India Trade Unions, there are more than 10 lakh migrant labourers in the state, but only 1.15 lakh are registered. They live in pathetic conditions, drawing poor wages. There is no reliable data on such workers living in the city or the suburbs. After the Kunnam accident, police took two days to identify some of the dead. \"The names furnished with the company and the real names differed in many cases, making it difficult to identify them,\" said a police officer.R Geetha, additional secretary of the Nirman Mazdoor Panchayat Sangh, said: \"Migrant labourers are left out of the welfare schemes. This is unfair.\" She said the Supreme Court has made it mandatory for all government contracts to register workers under the Building and Other Construction Workers (regulation of employment and conditions of service) Act, 1996, but this is seldom done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16259825", "title": "Power to Pak? Twitterati targets Indian envoy", "text": "WASHINGTON: Electricity export to energy-starved Pakistan and other neighbouring countries maybe the Indian power elites' idea of a confidence building measure, but it's not finding favour with Indians at the receiving end of outages, least those on social media.India's ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao, got singed by twitterati after she boldly backed New Delhi's proposal for a 500 MW cross border transmission to Pakistan which was announced in Parliament on Monday. Rao said in a tweet that India is \"also responding to power needs of Nepal and Bangladesh\".The blowback was swift. \"Madam, we don't have surplus power on d first place. Doing charity with a hungry belly is not pragmatic,\" one twitterer wrote. Another tweet, presumably referring to PM Manmohan Singh's support for the idea, snarkily described it as \"this Punjabi Pappi-Jhappi diplomacy driven by old men with nostalgia of pre partition\" and said it is \"not based on realism\" . But Rao, widely seen as one of India's ablest diplomats and someone who has taken to social media with gusto, would not be silenced, particularly after one tweet trashed the idea as \"top class rubbish\".\"Helping one's neighbours cannot be termed 'top class rubbish' as you so dismissively term it! We are not an island ,\" she shot back. \"Why do you automatically assume that this will deprive us of electricity? That is never the intention &amp; it will not be so,\" she explained in another tweet, adding that India had added 55,000 MW of power to national grid in 2007-12 , including 20,500 mw in FY 2011-12 alone, and capacity is being augmented further.But the twitterati remained unconvinced. \"Ma'am beg ur pardon but u indeed seem to b unaware about the acute power shortage even in Gurgaon n major infra woes,\" came one response , while another said \"This govt has totally lost it.\"The Pakistani media, meanwhile, picked up Rao's remarks and gave it wide play in Pakistan.It was not immediately clear why Rao took on the power export issue, but in a blog posting in the Congressional journal The Hill last week, she stoutly defended India from the international bashing following the July 30-31 national grid collapse, saying it was an \"isolated incident\" and such \"occasional problems should not obscure the substantial progress that has been made\" in the power sector. \"The spate of articles following the incidents last month focused on what journalists characterized as the dysfunctional nature of the Indian power sector . These were unfair and, in many cases, inaccurate. They certainly didn't highlight the real story: India's electrical outlook is much better now than it ever has been and is getting better at an accelerating rate,\" Rao wrote.But on the very morning of her Twitter exchange, the National Public Radio ran a segment on India's blackouts \u2014 and it was not pleasant hearing. It reminded listeners that India recently had the world's biggest power outage, affecting 670 million people, or nearly 10% of world population. And even as the reporter sat down to interview a shopkeeper, the lights went out again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258835", "title": "Board makes it tough for students to flunk", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) announced a series of decisions which will help HSC (science) students facing the semester system breathe easy. Board officials have decided that contrary to earlier rule where the students had to clear each of the four semesters and marks in each semester were to be given equal weightage of 25 per cent, the students will now have to score an aggregate 132 marks to pass the exam.In a meeting of the examination and education committees of the board on Tuesday, it was decided that the rule of equal weightage to each semester should be scrapped. \"Students who score aggregate 132 marks out of 400 will be declared pass,\" GSHSEB chairman Hasmukh Adhia said.Importantly, the board has also decided that the second and fourth semester exam will not be fully descriptive. \"The second and fourth semester papers will be split in two parts where 50 per cent questions will be objective type while the rest half will be descriptive,\" said Adhia.It needs mention that when the semester system was introduced last year, the first and third semester papers were to be objective type while the second and fourth semester papers were to be descriptive in nature. The move will help the students to score easily, board said.Last, but not the least, HSC (science) students, who are not able to clear the semester exams will not be subjected to multiple retests after different semester exams. \"Students who do not get the 132 passing marks will have to appear for retest scheduled after the fourth semester in July 2013,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16259543", "title": "Coalgate timeline", "text": "The probe into the mega-billion 'Coalgate' scam moved into high gear on Tuesday, with the Central Bureau of Investigation . TOI digs deep into the scam to bring you the definitive story on Coalgate.What are coal blocks? Parts of Orissa, Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh, pockets of central &amp; south India that have coal are divided into blocks and leased to miners.How're blocks allotted? 1973: Govt takes over coal mining1976: Private steel producers allowed to own coal mines1993-2005: 41 private companies and 29 govt ones get licences. From 1993, power companies allowed to own captive mines2004: UPA govt realises Coal India wouldn't produce enough to meet demand Decided to allot more captive mines to private and state-owned players2006-2009: Licences for 75 blocks go to pvt firms , 70 to govt cosWhat went wrong with the allotments? * Coal ministry under PM gave licences to state and pvt cos through screening committee set up in 1992* Criteria for giving licences modified in 2005, 06, 08 * CAG felt guidelines allowed \"windfall gain\" to firms that got captive blocks * It said \"substantial difference\" between high market price of coal, sold by CIL and lower cost of coal produced by captive blocks * CAG said process of bringing transparency in allocation process delayed at various stages * This benefitted private playersWas govt method flawed? * CAG says coalfields alloted in non-transparent manner * No info on how applications evaluated, finalised * This, despite some blocks with dozens of interested buyers * Ministers and CMs of coal-rich states lobbied for allotment to pvt players * Some private players got coalfields which had more deposits than needed for generating their own power * Several firms allegedly sold coal meant for internal use in open market * CAG said objective to boost coal production to meet demand from new power plants not met * Firms squatted on blocks Of 86 blocks, which were to produce coal by 2010-11, only 28 (including 15 pvt sector) started production as of 31 March, 2011 * In Feb 2012, govt told CAG development of coal blocks involves 3 to 7-year gestationIs auction a fairer way? * In 2004, govt mooted auction * But attempts to move towards auction hit a block * Power companies feared increase in coal price * In Oct 2008, new bill to auction blocks in parliament * This became a law in Sept 2010Govt defence * Govt defended delay in passing bill saying policymaking process can take years in a coalition * Govt said opposition to coal auction came from opposition-ruled states * Auctions can result in higher prices for consumers * So, auctions enable govt maximise revenues, they can hurt consumersUnearthing CoalgateAug 17: CAG's Coalgate reportAug 25: Govt claims tabled in Parliament CAG's presumptiveAug 21: BJP stalls Parliament, no loss mining theory yet flawed, demands PM's resignationAug 27: PM gives statement in Parliament defending governmentAug 22: Coal minister Jaiswal claims statement in coal-rich states opposed bidding ParliamentAug 24: Sonia Gandhi tells party defending govt MPs to counter BJP aggressionAug 27: Sushma Swaraj claims Cong benefited financially from scamAug 28: Tells CPP to fight BJP's \"intemperate Cong bashing\"Aug 28: CAG refuses to join public debate over CoalgateAug 29: Kapil Sibal says coal block allocation began during NDA ruleAug 30: Sonia Gandhi challenges BJP to Coalgate debateAug 30: SP, seven Opposition parties protest disruption of parliamentAug 31: Govt rules out coal block cancellationsSept 1: Minister S K Sahay refuses to resign over allocation of block to his brotherSept 2: Sonia Gandhi reaches out to Sushma Swaraj, rebuffedSept 2: CBI team leaves for Chhattisgarh &amp; JharkhandSept 3: Inter-ministerial group meets over 58 coal blocks, tells companies to explain the delay in miningSept 4: CBI raids 30 locations in 10 cities: Delhi, Mumbai Kolkata, Nagpur, Patna , Ranchi, Raipur , Dhanbad, Yavatmal, Bhilai. Cases filed against five companies in the eastern mining states. Documents seized, no arrests. None listed on stock exchange. Cases against directors &amp; coal officials on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16259741", "title": "Collector, special officer inspect mines department", "text": "MADURAI: District collector Anshul Mishra and special officer John Louis, who has been deployed by the state government to study the illegal granite quarrying in the district, inspected the mines department office in the district collectorate premises here on Tuesday. John Louis will supervise the investigation on the irregularities in granite quarries and will also estimate the total loss to the government by illegal quarrying operations.After inspecting the mines department, Mishra told media persons that out of 175 granite quarries in the district, irregularities were found in 94 and large scale irregularities were unearthed in 58 quarries. Among them, six quarries were on private patta lands while 52 quarries were on government lands, he said. The officials have so far found 80,000 granite blocks hidden by granite owners at various places. The number may further go up once the granite blocks buried in the water bodies by quarry operators are unearthed, he said.Officials from the geology department and other government staff are estimating the value of granite blocks found by the team, Mishra said. \"Cases have been filed against the granite quarry owners and some of them have been arrested. However, many are absconding. They will be held soon and stern action will be taken against all defaulters,\" he said. \"Many people have been affected by land grabbing activities of granite operators, but they are scared to submit their petitions to the district administration. They can submit their grievances to the district collector or the SP and we will take necessary action,\" he added.Meanwhile, police slapped two more cases on P R Palanisamy of PRP Granites and his associates on Monday. Based on a complaint filed by P Sumathi from Karupayurani, district crime branch filed a case against Palanisamy and three others for taking away her land. In another complaint filed at Othakadai station by retired police sub-inspector Babu, Palanisamy and his associates were booked on charges of threatening him and criminal conspiracy for forcing Babu to sell off his five cents' land in Jangid Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "16259135", "title": "HC adjourns hearing in Seashore CMD bail case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Tuesday adjourned hearing in the anticipatory bail petition of the chairman and managing director (CMD) of Seashore Group of Companies, Prashant Kumar Das, till September 20. Das and five other directors of the company came under the glare of the Crime Branch for allegedly embezzling crores of rupees through illegal money circulation. Cases were registered against them last month.The high court has accepted the anticipatory bail of the five directors (Das's relatives, including his wife) and granted Das interim protection by restraining the Crime Branch from arresting him till the next hearing. The HC has asked them to cooperate with the Crime Branch during investigation. Earlier, on August 16, the high court, while hearing Das's bail application, had provided him interim relief till September 4.The development came as a jolt to the Crime Branch, whose lawyer made repeated appeals before the judge to lift the interim relief given to Das and allow the investigating agency to interrogate him in police custody, but to no avail. Even a petition filed in HC by a Rourkela-based man, who was allegedly duped by the company on the promise of doubling his investments in quick time, could not help the prosecution in getting Das in Crime Branch custody.\"The accused is an economic offender. Though we have made substantial progress in the investigation, we wanted to elicit more information from Das to reach a logical conclusion so that the interest of gullible depositors is protected,\" ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma told TOI.Das had dodged most of the questions during interrogation by the Crime Branch on August 28. Though the high court had earlier asked him to produce relevant documents near Crime Branch to defend his alleged guilt, Das has so far not produced all the documents, sources said. The Crime Branch on July 18 had raided the company premises here and booked Das and other directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16258966", "title": "Experts try to decode sting", "text": "KOLKATA: What is making the dengue sting so deadly this time? Is it because the virus has changed its existing properties to acquire a whole new form? How is this new form of virus attacking different organs of the body to even bring on death? Can the seriousness of a dengue attack be pre-empted in the human body? These are some of the pertinent questions that scientists at the Calcutta School of Tropical Medicine are trying to find answers to.There are four strains of the dengue virus that are available in the city, but which one is playing truant this time has not yet been identified, STM experts said. They admitted that they are alarmed by the manifestations of the virus that they are seeing in patients this time. Such manifestations, where vital organs of the body like liver, kidneys and pancreas are getting affected were never seen in the past.\"There is no denying that the dengue virus has changed its pattern and has acquired a lot of strength. This is natural for any virus because it keeps changing its form in an attempt to survive and beat antibodies that induces immunity to it. We are trying to unearth this new pattern through serotyping or genetic study of the four different strains of the dengue virus,\" explained the director of STM, Krishnangshu Roy.Virologists of STM have been mapping the behaviour of all the four strains in the polymerous chain reactor, a specialised instrument to study viral behaviour. Scientists claim that such an advanced instrument is not available anywhere else in the country. \"We are gradually unearthing how from a haemorrhaging fever that induces oedema, the virus has completely changed its pattern and has acquired the strength to damage organs. This is the first time we are seeing dengue attack leading to hepatitis and kidney damage,\" said Bibhuti Saha, head of the department of tropical medicine at STM.The WHO had indicated that the dengue virus has the potential for severe organ involvement. However, this was never seen in the Indian context. \"What is making it so difficult to control the disease is not fever management, but the fact that in a haemorrhagic fever dialysis cannot be given to a patient if his kidneys are affected,\" Saha explained from the clinical point of view.STM is also engaged in research in cytokine study of dengue patients. Cytokine is a protein secretion from cells and the STM research is trying to find out the reaction of a patient's cytokine with the dengue virus. \"Each affected person's cytokine study will produce a result that will pre-empt the seriousness of the dengue attack. That way, the moment a person tests positive for dengue, we can take protective measures that will save his life,\" explained virologist Bhaswati Bandyopadhyay.The STM laboratory has collected a lot of dengue virus in sub-zero temperatures and is observing their behaviour round the clock. The virus has been collected from blood samples of patients across the city. Scientists have observed a lot of differences in their behavioral and severity pattern. \"This clearly proves that not every strain of the virus is behaving in the same deadly fashion. We are trying to single out those that have acquired that indomitable strength suddenly,\" Roy added.STM has estimated that of the total fever cases that are being reported in the city, about 40% are affected by the dengue virus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258701", "title": "Man gets 2 years jail for sending lewd SMSs to estranged wife", "text": "PANAJI: A court in Mapusa has sentenced a husband under the Information Technology Act, 2000, to undergo imprisonment for two years for sending lewd and defamatory text messages to his estranged wife on her cellphone.A judicial magistrate first class court at Mapusa found the accused I Fernandes guilty under Section 67 of the Act and also directed him to pay a fine of 10,000. Section 67 of the Information Technology Act prescribes punishment for publishing of information or transmitting obscene material in an electronic form.The wife had filed a complaint with Mapusa police and stated that SMSs were \"disgusting to her honour and reputation\". She pointed out that under the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act, 2005, a court had earlier directed the husband not to interfere or communicate with her. The husband had continued sending the messages, she alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259105", "title": "Patiala ustad kindles love for ragas", "text": "KOLKATA: Baanju bandh khul khul jaay... ahaaha, that Bhairavi bandish of Bade Bade Ghulam Ali!! In his trademark style, this was a lovelorn 'birhan' pining for her love. But when the ustad's grandson Raza Ali Khan recites it, there's a masculinity that we don't readily identify with Patiala gharana. But, then, he sings Kaa karoon sajani aaye na baalam... and I'm reminded of what happened when Bade Khan sang it in this very city, years and years ago, at a music conference. A voice from the auditorium had asked him: \"How long will you go on pining for the baalam in the same tone (sur)?\" Bade Khan, the lore goes, smiled and sang Aaye na baalam in nine different ragas!Meeting Raza Ali at the end of a workshop hosted by WB Sangeet Academy, one could not ask for a repeat of that feat. But we did get to hear him render, off the cuff, a Bengali translation. And that was without any accent whatsoever. \"I am virtually Bengali,\" protests Raza Ali. \"I was born here, I went to St James School and St Xavier's College.\" Now he's a Delhiite but he loves Bengali food and - of course - \"adda.\" So we launch on an adda that's part reminiscences, part recital, and part rumination on the future of raga sangeet in the city where Bade Khan taught Sandhya Mukherjee, Prasun and Meera Bandopadhyay, \"who - by that token - was 'sister' to my father and phupa/ pishi to me.\"Raza Ali was five or six when Bade Khan was invited to sing in a Baranagar temple. There the child threw a tantrum for a 'toy' that was kept in the temple and wouldn't take any 'no' from his father nor grandfather. Eventually a swamiji handed him the toy and the concert could progress in peace. \"Recently I was in our house at Park Circus when a person came with an invitation to sing at Baranagar. At the end of our conversation he asked, 'Do you remember the temple? You've been there once.' I couldn't for the life of me remember when, until he reminded me of the toys. I immediately recalled that, once Bade Khan had started singing, I'd promptly fallen asleep!\"Far from falling asleep, students in the workshop came alive to the possibility of singing even Rabindra Sangeet far better if they had some knowledge of the ragas, especially as rendered by the Kasur-Patiala voices. \"He has ignited a deep desire in us to learn more,\" they chimed. \"He started with Des, then went on to Yaman, Bhimpalasi, Chhayanat - and we could see the contours of Aaye tabe sahachari...\" explained Kaushiki, daughter of Meera and Prasun Bandopadhyay. If he rendered Patiala gems like Tori teerchhi nazariya, he also recited Sufi qalams. \"This exercise is not only relevant but imperative for Bengal,\" sums up Malabasri Das, now restoring the Academy to the glory it deserves by holding concerts, conferences and workshops like the one that opened on Monday.Raza Ali couldn't agree more. \"A lot of damage has happened to classical music. After Independence, the radio broadcasts, Spicmacay, music conferences and Festivals of India had put new life into our traditions. But the trend to globalise has infused too much influence of the West. My own son does not see much life in the tradition that has been our life for so many generations!\" he laments. \"How much can we salvage if we don't take emergency measures now?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16258043", "title": "Except for VIP visits, no efforts on rehabilitation, say rain-hit Jaipur residents", "text": "JAIPUR: As normalcy returns slowly in the low-lying areas of the city which were inundated by incessant rain on Monday, many areas witnessed collapsing of walls and cracks in the houses.A major portion of the basement parking on the premises of the Rajasthan high court collapsed on Tuesday morning. According to the officials, the parking area of Pant Krishi Bawan collapsed and fell down on the under construction area lot of Rajasthan high court. No casualty was reported in the incident.The ground floor of a triple-storey building of a private school also caved in at Gujjar Ki Thadi area. Officers blamed the incessant rain, which caused water seepage into the foundation stone area of the building, and a cellular company tower responsible for the incident. After the orders of the district collector, Naveen Mahajan, the tower was removed by authorities.Residents of low-lying areas including Bassi village, Keeron Ki Dhani, Madrampura, Bhatta Basti, Prem Nagar and Amanishah Nullah took a sigh of relief as no major rainfall was reported in the area except drizzles in the morning.At least 50 houses were still inundated at Bassi village situated in the outskirts of Jaipur. People complained that power cuts have also added to their woes. Residents of Madrampura locality were also still in the relief camp and they alleged that except VIP visits, nothing has been done by the administration to reconstruct their houses and rehabilitate them.Meanwhile, officials of the district collectorate and Jaipur Municipal Corporation asked the authorities concerned to expedite the cleaning of drainage across the city. In some areas, including Walled City, the sanitation workers were seen cleaning up drains while repair work of the roads was also undertaken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258513", "title": "Valmik Thapar denies conflict of interest in eco-tourism norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Valmik Thapar has denied any conflict of interest in raising questions on eco-tourism guidelines as a member of the National Board of Wildlife (NBWL), which is headed by the Prime Minister.Thapar, whose nephew Jaisal Singh runs a resort next to the Ranthambore Tiger Reserve in Rajasthan, stated this while responding to a mandatory requirement that calls for declaration of any conflict of interest before a meeting of the NBWL. The Board will meet on Wednesday.The eco-tourism guidelines had proposed a cess on the revenues of resorts in proximity to tiger reserves for funding wildlife conservation and local development besides other strict regulations that several tour operators and resort owners opposed forcing the government to do a rethink on it before the Supreme Court. In an ongoing case, the apex court had imposed a complete interim ban on tourism in the core of tiger reserves and in the last hearing asked the government to come back with its finalized guidelines.Under the NBWL rules, every member is required to inform whether s/he or any of h/his family members have any interest in a proposal submitted for discussions before the apex wildlife body.The NBWL has 15 non-government members like wildlife experts, ecologists and NGOs, besides senior government representatives from various ministries.Several other members have stated their possible conflict of interests with the proposals of the agenda. Thapar, who has raised the eco-tourism policy issue besides some others, has claimed that he has only raised 'policy issues' and has not put any proposal that favour or go against any entity.Thapar did not respond to e-mailed query on the issue or take phone call or reply to text messages sent by TOI.Thapar, who has been a vocal critique of the Supreme Court's interim ban on tourism operations in the core of tiger reserves as well as the environment ministry's guidelines, has in his response to the PM had said that beside the 'policy issues' neither he nor his family members have any interest in the proposals to be discussed in Wednesday's meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16258023", "title": "3 units of Panipat thermal power plant restarted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Faced with violent protests in Jind and Rohtak and rampant complaints of shutdowns during peak hours in Gurgaon, the Haryana government finally restarted three units of Panipat thermal power plants on Tuesday morning.The HPGCL had closed down five of the nine units of power plant, while attributing closure to the drop and demand by DHBVN and UHBVN, the discoms involved in power supply across the state.The Haryana power minister Ajay Singh on Tuesday reiterated his claims that power situation is comfortable in the state.\"But so far as power cuts in urban areas and Gurgaon are concerned, it could be only during extreme emergencies, that too for shortest intervals,''said Yadav .At the same time, the Haryana power purchase centre (HPPC) is learned to have made arrangements from Aravali power project, Jharli for an additional demand during the peak hours, officials in distribution companies confirmed.Meanwhile, according to an information accessed from Haryana state load dispatch centre (HSLDC) Haryana had demanded nearly 1350 lakh units during peak load hours on Tuesday evening.Notably despite rains, Haryana continued to reel under unscheduled power cuts in Gurgaon, as well as rural belts of various districts. Residents of two villages had resorted to violence to protest non-availability of power in residential colonies on Rohtak-Delhi road on Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16259201", "title": "Interim compensation for Nayagarh anganwadi victims' families", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Tuesday directed the state government to pay an interim compensation of Rs one lakh each to the families of the seven children, who lost their lives in the anganwadi centre wall collapse in Nayagarh district in July. The division bench of Chief justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra also directed the state government to initiate criminal proceedings against officials responsible for the mishap.The court gave the direction in response to a batch of PILs, including the one filed by the bereaved families, praying to enhance the compensation amount and to take stringent action against officials whose irresponsible act led to the incident. \"The court has directed state government to conduct a thorough inquiry into the incident and to initiate criminal proceedings against the erring officials,\" said Dilip Mohapatra, one of the petitioners. The high court has directed that the compensation be paid within two weeks. The state government has so far paid Rs 2.10 lakh compensation to each of the bereaved families, but the petitioners had alleged that the compensation amount given by the government is highly inadequate and it should be increased to atleast Rs 15 lakh. The next hearing of the case has been fixed on September 18.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16259112", "title": "Odisha teachers pitch for pay parity", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Teaching is considered by many the noblest profession, but teachers in the state feel they are losing their identity as a fraternity because of too many categorizations and wide disparity in their remuneration, both at school and college level.At present, teachers in Odisha schools and colleges are divided into four broad groups. At primary level there are regular teachers, siksha sahayak, gana sikshyak and para teachers, all with different pay structures and emoluments. While gana sikshayak and para teachers get Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000 per month, the sikhya sahayaks get Rs 4,000. They graduate into junior teachers in six years to reach government's pay-scale of 5,200.Secondary-level teachers are divided into broad categories of fully government, fully block grant, partial block grant and contractual teachers with wide pay variation. Fully government teachers have a pay scale of around Rs 25,000 per month with basic salary of Rs 13,500. Contractual secondary school teachers draw a fixed salary of Rs 9,300 per month.From among the 1982 block grant high schools, trained graduate teachers in 110 girl high schools get Rs 8,325 per month. In rest of the schools, such teachers get Rs 4,995 per month. \"The block grant scheme is an evil design to deprive teachers of their due rights. The government introduced the scheme in 2004 not to give the full grants in aid as was the practice since then, dividing teachers,\" said president of block grant teachers' association Prashant Mahapatra.Like their counterparts in schools, college teachers can be categorized in four broad groups: University Grants Commission (UGC) scale teachers, state scale teachers, block grant teachers and contractual teachers. Block grant teachers are divided into two types: those getting 100 per cent block grant (around Rs 11,000 per month) and those getting 40 per cent block grant Rs 5,700 per month. Contractual teachers get maximum Rs 12,500 per month subject to maximum 35 classes they take. UGC-scale teachers get pay and other benefits as revised by UGC from time to time which is over 40,000 per month for starters at present.\"This multiple classification of teachers is the single largest problem of teachers at all levels of education. The huge pay disparity for same work has divided the teaching community over the years,\" said Bimal Nanda a former college teacher and former director of higher education. \"Teachers should be recruited against a consistent pattern of remuneration,\" Nanda suggested.All categories of government teachers are still better off as teachers in recognized colleges run by local area managements draw less than Rs 1,000 per month. \"This is one of the biggest problems ailing the teaching community. A master degree holder teacher is getting one-fourth of that of a daily wage earner,\" said Suresh Patnaik, principal, BJB autonomous college.Patnaik said due to lack of recognition of their work, teachers are gradually failing to assert themselves. \"The government and the society at large should be more responsive to the teaching profession, who has very important role to mould the future generation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259096", "title": "Man duped by nephew of Rs 9.20 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 69-year-old man has filed a complaint with city police against his nephew for cheating him by withdrawing Rs 9.20 lakh from an official account. Police have sought the bank records and financial records for the investigation.According to Ellisbridge police officials, Yusuf Surti, a resident of Amir Apartment, Raikhad, owns a firm at Tulip Tower near Kochrab Ashram. His nephew, Kamar Ali Momin, a resident of Kochrab village was working as an executive in his organization. According to his complaint, Momin got hold of his cheque book containing signed cheques. Momin misused the cheques and withdrew Rs 9.20 lakhin collaboration with other employees of the organization. Surti also mentioned that Momin conspired to sell off the organization without his knowledge,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.Investigators said that the incident came to light during a recent audit of the past accounts where it was revealed that the cheques were deposited between August 2010 and September 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "shirdi", "code": "16257070", "title": "Adulterated ghee: Shirdi Trust to initiate action", "text": "SHIRDI: Shirdi Saibaba Trust will initiate action against a manufacturer from Madhya Pradesh for alleged adulteration of ghee that was used in making laddoos (sweets) even as a private report suggested presence of 12% trans fat in the samples, a top official said on Tuesday.\"The Trust will initiate action against the ghee manufacturer from Gwalior as several devotees had complained of foul taste of laddoos last month,\" said Trust executive officer Kishore More.A stock of over 6,796 kg of \"rotten\" laddoos, estimated at Rs 8.15 lakh, were disposed after devotees complained. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257621", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee flags off DTU's solar passenger car", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday flagged off the DTU passenger solar aar at Rashtrapati Bhavan.The solar passenger car has been designed and developed by a team of Delhi Technological University (DTU). The team comprises of an interdisciplinary group of under-graduate students headed by Dhiraj Mishra of the Electronics and Communication Engineering Department of DTU.With a top speed of 120 km/hr, the solar car is a zero carbon emission completely eco-friendly car and has a sedan shape with a seating capacity of 2 and option of adding 3 seats more. The body is made of special grade Matt Fibre in order to keep the solar car light in weight and performance oriented. Flexible modules of Mono crystalline solar silicon cells of 21.4% efficiency have been pasted all over the top of the body in order to entrap maximum solar energy. In all, 800 W is generated from the solar modules.Speaking on the occasion Prof. PB Sharma, Vice Chancellor of DTU said that the future of automobiles in India lies in solar power and hybrid vehicles. He stated that DTU is firmly committed to empower India's solar powered vehicles and solar power generation systems.The innovations in the area of Solar Car began with the University team designing the first Solar Car of India to participate in the World Solar Challenge organized in 2011 in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16258783", "title": "Headmaster arrested for molesting Class-III student in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Hundreds of guardians gheraoed and assaulted the headmaster of Ghoraberia Uttar Primary School on Tuesday and accused him of molesting their daughters. The irate parents would have lynched Kalipada Samanta , 45, had not the locals intervened and informed police on time who arrested the headmaster.Allegations of molestation, that too against a school headmaster, rocked Uttar Ghoraberia in rural Howrah on Tuesday afternoon. Matters turned ugly after irate guardians started heckling the 45-year-old headmaster and may have even lynched him had locals not stepped in and informed the police. Headmaster Kalipada Samanta was arrested though he denied the charges brought against him.\"In the afternoon, we saw a major ruckus outside the Ghoraberia Uttar Primary School. Guardians, particularly the mothers of students, were heckling the headmaster. The women were in a very agitated state. As things started getting out of hand, we asked the guardians to take Samanta to the local Investigation Centre under the Amta police station. Before we could get there, the police arrived and took charge of the accused. The guardians lodged complaints,\" said Haroon Al Rashid, a local.According to sources, a Class-III student of the school returned late from school on Monday and told her parents that she had been held back by Samanta. The headmaster allegedly told the girl that he would help her with studies and also offered her sweets. After other students left, he allegedly made the girl sit on his lap and touched her private parts.On Tuesday morning, the girl's mother got in touch with other parents and was told that their daughters had faced a similar behaviour.In the afternoon, the parents turned up en masse at the school and accosted the headmaster. Samanta was arrested on the basis of the complaint registered by the guardians. \"This is a most unfortunate incident. Though the headmaster's guilt is yet to be established, such incidents adversely affect education in the rural areas where the rate of dropouts among girls is still very high,\" a police officer said.Howrah police superintendent Bharat Lal Meena confirmed the arrest and said that the case will be thoroughly investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258139", "title": "Teacher's Day: It's back to school for ex-students", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even after we are all grown up and settled in domesticity or our professions, the memories of our carefree schooldays remain fresh in most people's minds. And Teacher's Day is an occasion that evokes those memories, especially those of our favourite teachers. And while most may let the day pass in a haze of memories, there are many who actively go out and meet the teachers of their formative years, and wish them health and happiness on their special day.Moonmoon Deka, a city-based bank employee, belongs to the latter category. Even though it has been almost a decade since she left school, she still makes it a point to drop in at her alma mater and spend some time with her teachers on Teacher's Day and this year is going to be no exception. \"I studied at Pragjyotish School in Panbazar and I try and visit my school every year to wish my teachers. This year too, I plan to drop in at the school.\"There are others like her who will take some time out on Wednesday to either visit their schools or wish their teachers on the phone or via the internet. Abir Choudhury, a city-based insurance agent, said, \"I passed from South Point School back in the 90s, and since then I have hardly been in touch with my teachers. But I am thinking of visiting my school tomorrow to wish them on Teacher's Day.\"He added, \"We are all so busy in our lives that most of us don't take out the time to visit our school or even wish one's teachers on the phone. But, we shouldn't forget that they are hugely responsible for what we are today and we owe them a lot of gratitude.\"Revisiting one's school also gives people a chance to relive their childhood memories. Nayan Baruah, a city-based fashion designer and an ex-student of TC Girls' School, said, \"Last year, I visited my school a day ahead of Teacher's Day to wish my teachers. Seeing the students running around, the classes being cleaned and students practicing songs and dance for the Teacher's Day function me so nostalgic that I visited my school again the next day to witness the programme.\"\"My teachers, of course, were very happy to see me and that day I realized that no matter how much one grows up or where one goes, the bond with one's school is forever. I will visit my school again tomorrow (Wednesday) to wish my teachers and this time, two of my classmates will be accompanying me,\" she said.Many living outside the state make it a point to call or text their teachers and some even send online gifts or cards. Nivedita Das, a student of St Mary's School, Maligaon, who is married and settled in Bhatinda, Punjab, calls up her school teachers every year and wishes them. This year, she has planned a surprise for them. \"I am sending online gifts to two of my favorite teachers this Teacher's Day. There are very old now, and retired. I hope they like my surprise,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16259461", "title": "Coalgate: Essar and its mystery Neptune link", "text": "NEW DELHI: The story of Nav Bharat Power is symptomatic of what appears to be a pattern in coal block allocations where small companies that acquired coal blocks were sold to bigger companies.In its April 2010 IPO prospectus, Essar said it picked up stakes in a company code named \"Neptune Ltd\". It was setting up two power projects in Orissa. But these projects didn't draw Essar to Neptune. The prospectus said: \"If the Company consolidates its stake in the Neptune projects, it expects to gain access to the accompanying coal block allocation of 112 mmt.\"Later, Essar acquired 100% stake in Neptune and got the coal block. Neptune is none other than Nav Bharat Power, one of the five companies CBI raided on Tuesday. Nav Bharat was registered in Hyderabad on December 13, 2005 with a capital of Rs 1 lakh. Its promoters were Y Harish Chandra Prasad and P Trivikrama Prasad. On June 9, 2006, Nav Bharat Power signed an MoU with Orissa, promising to invest Rs 9,675crore in two 1060-MW and 1200-MW power plants in Dhenkanal. It got a 4.7 million tonne per annum coal linkage on May 12, 2006. Additionally, on January 17, 2008, it got an allotment of 112 million tonnes from Orissa's Rampia &amp; Dipside coal block. The CAG says 108 applications were received for this block. Only two were invited to make presentations to the screening committee. The final allotments went to six companies. Nav Bharat Power was one \u2014 a small firm in the midst of five heavyweights : Reliance Energy, Sterlite Energy, GMR Energy, Lanco Group, Mittal Steel.Until March 2008, Harish Chandra and Trivikrama held 66.7% of Nav Bharat Power's shareholding. By March 2009, their share fell to 0.05%. By March 2011, the stakes were sold to Essar Power Limited.There's no legal bar on such sales. Under the captive coal block policy, blocks were allocated for free. The government says this didn't lead to a loss. But as the Nav Bharat case shows, it brought gains to those who wrested the blocks. The annual returns filed by Nav Bharat show as of July 3, 2012, Essar holds 121,757,000 shares of Rs 10 each, which comes to Rs 121.7crore.But as Essar's 2010 IPO said, it first picked up preference shares which it could convert into equity. It's not clear how much it paid for those shares. Essar Power's holding company Essar Global registered in Cayman Islands . This makes it difficult to pin down value of the acquisition. Nav Bharat Power's promoters couldn't be contacted. An Essar spokesperson did not wish to comment.Did Essar smell trouble?In 2010, Essar flagged off to its investors risks associated with the acquisition. \"Neptune has received a show cause notice from the coal ministry... alleging non-compliance of certain milestones provided in the allocation letter,\" it said, adding if the terms aren't complied with, the allocation may be revoked. But Essar was sure this wouldn't happen.( Inputs from John Samuel Raja &amp; Josy Joseph )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258354", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation denies wrongdoing in dog registration", "text": "NAGPUR: The veterinary department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation has denied allegations levelled by Lok Sabha MP and founder of People For Animals Maneka Gandhi over entrusting a 'blacklisted' NGO for issuing licences to pet owners in the city.In a letter to municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, Gandhi had claimed that Indian Society for Human Animal Welfare (ISAW) flouted every rule while implementing animal birth control programme in Nagpur. Subsequently, ISAW was blacklisted along with another organization Blue Cross. She pointed out that the charges of Rs 200 levied by ISAW for vaccination of a pet dog were also very high. \"No one will have their dogs vaccinated for so much when the vaccination is done for Rs 15,\" she claimed.Gandhi also ridiculed the pet registration drive launched by the civic body. \"What is the point of this registration drive when so many people are looking after stray dogs,\" she asked. She slammed the NMC for putting a bar on a family keeping more than three dogs. \"If any citizen wants to keep more dogs, they will have to obtain a no objection certificate,\" she said and termed it as \"another avenue of bribery\". The MP also urged Wardhane to make efforts to resume animal birth control programme and to complete the animal shelter construction at Bhandewadi.Gandhi also urged the civic chief to hand the shelter over to Karishma Galani of People for Animals and give her the contract to run animal birth control programme. However, PFA, Nagpur, too does not have any recognition from Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI).Deputy director (health), who is also in-charge of veterinary department, Dr Milind Ganvir ruled out any favour to ISAW for licensing pet dogs. In fact, after nod from the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and standing committee the department had invited expression of interests (EOI). In response, seven NGOs submitted their proposals, claimed Dr Ganvir of which ISAW quoted the lowest amount and thus the assignment was given to it. The procedure to appoint ISAW was a transparent one, he claimed.He said Rs 200 was not being charged for anti-rabies vaccination but was registration charge that is submitted with NMC. Of this money Rs 55 is paid to ISAW. He pointed out that ISAW was recognized by AWBI. Despite repeated attempts, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane was not available for comments. MP Maneka Gandhi confirmed writing to the municipal commissioner, but refused to comment stating it was a personal letter to Wardhane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256997", "title": "Human rights body tells Andhra govt to give protection to cop", "text": "HYDERABAD: A petition seeking protection for Rampachodavaram assistant superintendent of police (ASP) Naveen Kumar, who was suspended following his allegations that district SP Trivikrama Varma was involved in ganja smuggling in the area, was moved at the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Tuesday. The petition cited threat to his life from drug smugglers and sought police protection for Naveen Kumar.One Arun Kumar, who approached the SHRC in favour of Naveen Kumar, said he decided to approach the commission as he believed that Naveen is an honest officer who could be harmed anytime.\"I know the family members and friends of Naveen Kumar. He is an honest officer who exposed the illegal dealings of his higher officers. I have decided to discharge my social responsibility by requesting the commission to intervene and provide him security. The ganja smugglers may target him in an act of retaliation.\"Admitting the case, the SHRC directed the DGP of the state to provide the necessary protection to Naveen Kumar and submit a report on this issue by September 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16259971", "title": "5k civic schools to get computer labs", "text": "Nashik: In the next five years, all the government and aided schools in the state will have computer laboratories with Internet access. This year, The state education department aims at providing thye facility in 5,000 schools this year, including 129 schools run by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). The state education department will be setting up the laboratories labs along with Internet connection and other facilities for all the government and aided schools in the city within five years. The move is being made as part of the Implementation of the Computer Education Programme (ICT) scheme. Last year, computer laboratories were set up at 3,000 government and aided schools at a cost of Rs 3 crore. \"This year we will be spending Rs 6.25 crore for five thousand schools. Next year we are aiming to cover six thousand schools, for which tenders are yet to be floated,\" said director of education for secondary and higher secondary education, Shridhar Salunkhe, during his recent visit to the city. Salunkhe added that the expenses would be borne by the state and central governments. Trained personnel would also be available to provide ed be providing computer education to the schools' students. The drive is aimed to enable computer-aided learning at all government and aided schools, said Salunkhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16258947", "title": "Mayor takes steps after Mamata production", "text": "KOLKATA: It finally took a strict directive from chief minister Mamata Banerjee to wake up the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) to the dengue threat.Following the CM's order, the mayor Sovan Chatterjee held an urgent meeting with municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed and senior health officials of the civic body on Tuesday afternoon to chalk out a dengue combat programme for the next three months. The mayor has convened an all-party meeting on Wednesday - where 141 councillors from Trinamool Congress , Congress and the Left Front will be present - to get the necessary details on the spread of dengue in their respective wards and seek suggestions on remedial measures.At Tuesday's meeting chaired by the mayor, it was decided that a special rapid action force would be formed for every ward, which will visit affected households and take necessary action to prevent the spread of dengue. This special team will be assisted by another team comprising officials of four civic departments - health, building, engineering and conservancy. This team will keep vigil on the accumulation of clear water in construction sites and remove roadside garbage.\"We have decided to form a special team comprising 12 trained personnel from the health department. It will spot the breeding grounds and destroy larvae. This apart, we have formed a team comprising officials from four civic departments to visit the vulnerable areas,\" Chatterjee said. The municipal commissioner issued a circular on Tuesday afternoon, cancelling the leaves of all employees working with these four departments till further order.The rapid action team has been asked to visit some of the worst dengue-hit areas in the city. KMC health department sources said these include large areas off EM Bypass such as Tiljala, Topsia, Haltu, Garfa and Kasba, among others. This apart, the team members have been asked to keep special vigil on areas like Dhakuria, Jodhpur Park, Anwar Shah Road, Jadavpur, Tollygunge, New Alipore, Bhowanipore and Behala in south Kolkata.The KMC health officials are worried over rapid spread of dengue in these areas. While the KMC councillors have been crying hoarse over lack of 'fogging' ( killing adult mosquitoes by using insecticides) in their respective wards, civic body officials have continuously refused to use these indiscriminately. \"We are allowed to use pyrethrum as an insecticide and nothing else. This is an expensive item. We can't spray it just about everywhere according to the councillors' demands,\" said a KMC health department official. However, Rupa Bagchi, the opposition leader in the KMC, alleged on Tuesday that the dengue outbreak could have been averted had the KMC health team swung into action on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258515", "title": "10 out of 40 samples test H1N1 positive", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 10 out of 40 samples examined by microbiologists at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) tested positive to H1N1 infection, taking the total number of affected persons to 66. Head of department Prof TN Dhole informed that 14 samples were still pending confirmation. \"Of the total cases seen so far, 95% belong to category A of H1N1 which is not life-threatening. Therefore, residents of the city should not panic,\" he said.Meanwhile, chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav has informed that the study on the theory \"is swine flu virus active in SGPGIMS and areas in four kilometre radius of the institute or not' has begun. The outcome of the study is expected to come in a month's time. Meanwhile, physicians continue to lay emphasis on preventive measures such as washing hands with soap to limit the chances of swine flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "male", "code": "16260013", "title": "Maldives girl to get 100 lashes for sex", "text": "MALE: A 16 year-old girl has been sentenced to 100 lashes, which she will face when she turns 18, by a Maldivian court for having sex.The Hulhudhufaaru Magistrate Court in Raa Atoll also sentenced a 29 year-old man to 10 years imprisonment, after it found him guilty of having sex with the minor girl.As she is a legally a minor, the court stated that the girl's sentence would be implemented when she turned 18, the Minivan News reported.An official told the local media that the man travelled to the island after the girl invited him. The the girl's family noticed that she was not at home and went looking for her, the official said.The pair were found that night in some bushes behind the island's power house, he added.The court official said the the girl's family pressed charges, which were denied by the man. However the girl confessed, local press reported.The man was sentenced under the Child Sex Abuse (Special Provisions) Act which states that if a person touches a minor with the intention of having sex, then it is a punishable crime. A person found guilty of such a crime can be sentenced to a term of 10-14 years in prison.According to statistics revealed by the Gender Department in April this year, between December 2010 and October 2011, 1,138 cases of child abuse were reported from atoll family and children service centres. 1,005 of these cases involved minors while 133 of these cases involved victims aged older than 18, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257315", "title": "Two Inter students drown", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two Intermediate students drowned in Gandipet lake on Tuesday afternoon.The victims were, Jagdeesh and Santosh, 18, Intermediate second year students of Little Flower Junior College in Trimulgherry.At about 1.30pm, Jadgeesh and Santosh along with three other friends\u2014Hareesh Kumar, Avinash Reddy and Shiva Prakash, went to Gandipet.While others were sitting on a stone next to the water, Santosh entered the water for bathing. \"He started drowning and, hearing his screams, Jagdeesh jumped into the water and tried to pull him out. However, trying to rescue his friend, he too drowned,\" Narsingi sub-inspector (SI) P Anjaiah said.Police booked a case under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the CrPC and shifted the bodies for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16258107", "title": "Taxi driver held for molesting French woman in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A taxi driver in Jaipur was arrested for molesting a French woman at Mundawa area in Jhunjhunu district on August 8.The victim told senior police officers in Jaipur that she had approached the local police in Jhunjhunu immediately after the incident, but no action was taken.The 32-year-old woman had been lured into coming to Mundawa by the taxi driver, Zakir Ali Khan.\"Khan belongs to Jhunjhunu, but drives taxi in Jaipur. The woman said that she and the taxi driver stayed in separate rooms in Shekhawati Hotel where he molested her and fled away after robbing her of her belongings,\" said SHO, Mundawa, Bhagwan Sahay.Sources said that the victim had immediately approached the local police, but no complaint was registered. She then approached the Pushkar police officers who advised her to see senior officials in police headquarters.When the police headquarters directed Mundawa police to take action against the taxi driver, an FIR under Section 354 of IPC (outraging modesty) was registered.\"The taxi driver was arrested from Jaipur,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16259901", "title": "Yashpal stresses on learning without burden", "text": "VARANASI: Noted scientist and former chairman of University Grants Commission Yashpal is optimistic about the future of Indian education.\"There should be close relation between information and knowledge. Only information is not enough,\" he said while talking to reporters here on Tuesday. Yashpal is here to take part in a Teachers' Day function at Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ) on Wednesday.He said that there should be integration of disciplines instead of division of subjects. The present system of teaching adversely affects the creativity of young minds, he said, adding that there should be learning without burden.He is also unhappy with the things going on at national level. \"Nothing has happened so far on the report we have prepared for higher education,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262127", "title": "Handsome cadets greet Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012's team", "text": "An auditorium full of handsome cadets greeted the team of Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 when they reached Marine Engineering and Research Institute on Thursday.With Jinia as the emcee, the boys surely had fun! Be it Hindi rap or item numbers, the participants went all out to prove their mettle. \"How are the bathrooms here I wonder,\" wisecracked Jinia when every third guy claimed to be a bathroom singer.Some Action, Some Fun: \"I am a bathroom singer and a barati dancer,\" was the candid confession of participant Sujan Kumar. The audience was pretty excited when he asked Jinia to touch his hand. And when she did, he rendered the melodious Chhoo liya tu ne. While most of the freshers tried hitting on the lone woman in the auditorium, some \u2014 like Ashish Sharma, who rapped in Punjabi, and Sudhanshu Kumar Singh, who played the violin \u2014 showed some serious talent.The Winning Touch: From bhangra on tracks spun by DJ Aditya to rap and even jokes, talent was aplenty in the final round. While Tushar rapped a song by Eminem, Ashish crooned Dope shope mariya karo in Punjabi. The audience got to hear a Bengali song for a change when Soumya rendered, Char dewaler modhey by Manna De. Neel Kamal Joshi impressed the judges with his song and bagged the second runner-up's title. When Aman Siroha broke into energetic bhangra on stage with the Daru song, there was no stopping him from ensuring a place in the top three slots. He was declared the first runner-up. However, it was Sudhanshu who was the overall choice for the winner when he won over judge Moubani Sorcar with his soulful tunes on the violin. When he got into the groove and reached a tempo, even the judges didn't have the heart to stop him. \"This is a wonderful and enterprising crowd,\" Moubani said. To know more about the contest, log onto itimes . com /freshface today", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16258006", "title": "Sikh NGO claims Wisconsin resident got death threat", "text": "AMRITSAR: After the Wisconsin Gurdwara tragedy, that left six Sikhs dead, and exposure of brutal thrashing of a 72-year-old Avtar Singh in New Jersy, now a fellow community member has received death threat with a warning that more lives were at risk.United Sikhs, an NGO working in the United States , claimed that a resident of Milwaukee in Wisconsin called them up on their national helpline service Umeed to inform about the threat. Manwinder Singh, director, community advocate, United Sikhs, said, \"The complainant informed us that he knew this individual - identified as a Caucasian maIe with tattoos on his body - as a social acquaintance. This acquaintance started a discussion with the resident, which turned into an altercation during which the threat was issued. He mentioned the recent Wisconsin Gurdwara shooting during the threat, stating that more lives were at risk.\"Singh said the identity of the individual had been withheld to ensure his safety, adding that the local police, US department of justice, the community relations office and the FBI had been informed. \"The police are looking for the person who made this threat,\" he claimed. Coordinator of the Umeed helpline, Kashmir Singh, said, \"These threats should be taken seriously by the law enforcement authorities and it is important to report such issues.\"On August 5, six Sikhs were killed in a gurdwara in Wisconsin. Earlier on July 26, 72-year-old Avtar Singh, a gas station owner and one of the founding members of Glen Rock Gurdwara in New Jersey, was beaten by his neighbor, Edward Koscovski, who shared a common driveway with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258668", "title": "Impressed Thampu hails character of Unmukt's innings", "text": "NEW DELHI: St Stephen's College welcomed Unmukt Chand \u2014 under-19 cricket team captain, its student and opponent in court \u2014 back with a felicitation. The late-afternoon event at the college on Tuesday involved a slide-show reminding everyone of the highlights of his batting. Chand's team brought home the U-19 world cup - and both the principal, Valson Thampu, and Chand spoke.Thampu said he expected St Stephen's to produce many more such sportsmen. \"It's not by accident that Unmukt has become a star,\" he said. He was impressed, not so much by the runs or even the win, but by the \"character of his innings\". He commended the vice-chancellor for taking the decision to promote Chand to second year and added that it was because of the faults in the system that people like Chand had to suffer. Chand spoke briefly saying that it was self-belief, communication and \"controlled aggression\" that did the trick for him and his team at the world cup.Chand and several others had taken St. Stephen's to court when they were detained from writing their second semester exams for falling short of requisite attendance. The high court had allowed him to write the exam but later declared his petition \"infructious\" when he could not clear it. The vice-chancellor, however, announced that Chand will be promoted to second year and the college was informed formally on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16259643", "title": "ANF operations push Naxalites into non-traditional areas", "text": "Mangalore: Changed tactics of Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) in penetrating deeper into forest area for combing is forcing Naxalites to seek newer havens in the sylvan Western Ghats.Their latest run in with ANF at Palligadde near Kalkunda in Subrahmanya police station limits late on Sunday has only reinforced the belief that Naxalites are no longer staying put in their traditional strongholds like Kuthlur, Kanyana, Bolle and Belthangady in DK district.When ANF operations commenced to flush out the Left-wing extremists from the malnad and Western Ghat areas around eight years ago, reports of Naxalites being sighted mainly came from areas either on fringes of the Western Ghats or outside it. But in the changed operational scenario with ANF venturing deeper into forests, Naxalites are shifting base constantly as seen from their recent spotting in Shishila, Addahole, Kayarthadka and now Kalkunda.They are spreading out from their traditional areas because of the pressure brought on them by us, said Alok Kumar, inspector general of police (ANF).\"Naxalites are now operating in areas where there is no ANF presence for they do not want to confront us directly,\" he said adding ANF is adapting its role on the ground accordingly. \"We were lying in ambush at Palligadde after reports of Naxalites having been spotted in Kalkunda over the weekend,\" he said.Incidentally, the Palligadde exchange of fire is the fourth such incident involving ANF and the Naxalites this year. The first incident took place at Barkana in the first week of January followed by Bolle in March, and Kuthlur in April.\"ANF in between discovered a Naxal resting place in Sringeri taluk in Chikmagalur on August 18 and recovered materials from the area,\" Alok said adding ANF is following Naxalites and challenging them.Another strategic decision taken in the Naxal pursuit policy is to unleash maximum firepower when challenged by Naxalites. ANF lobbed grenades against Naxalites besides opening fire using SLRs and AK-47s at Palligadde. \"When we lie in ambush, all precautions are taken,\" he said, adding drill is followed to ensure there are no 'friendly fire' incidents. It is also to showcase our capabilities to Naxalites that they will not be allowed a free run,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258687", "title": "\u2018Bring discoms under CAG, RTI\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inflated power bills and alleged corruption in the discoms figured prominently on Day One of the assembly's monsoon session with BJP members demanding to bring the discoms under the purview of Comptroller and Auditor General and the Right to Information Act.\"As they cater to general public , their accounts must be audited by CAG and made public,\" said senior MLA Jagdish Mukhi , accusing discoms of \"fooling\" people by showing fictitious accounts that show them making losses. \"Power bills are the most burning issue in the city with power tariff going up by 600% ever since privatization. With the Delhi government interfering in the working of DERC, its role has been restrained,\" alleged the BJP leader.Countering the attack on CAG issue, power minister Haroon Yusuf said the government had already given an affidavit to the Delhi high court giving its approval for it and is waiting for the court's decision.The opposition MLAs also came down on the government for failing to provide 24X7 power supply despite 10 years of privatization. \"Privatization was brought in on the name of containing losses and giving 24X7 power supply. However, 10 years later while the supply still does not meet demand, electricity prices have gone up by many times,\" said Ramesh Bidhuri, a BJP MLA.Bidhuri further slammed discoms, saying they had promised to make profits by covering AT&C; losses and not by inflating bills. \"On one hand, they claim that they have brought down losses by up to 50% and then they continue to increase tariff,\" he said.Yusuf said Mukhi's allegation of 600% increase in the tariff is incorrect. \"Average power purchase cost has gone up by 248% from 2007-08 to 2012-13, while the hike in tariff has been 122%. The government is providing subsidy of Re 1 per unit to a total of 58.63% consumers i.e. 19,88,401 families, on consumption of monthly power up to 200 units,\" he said, adding that the tariff is decided by DERC and not the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16261691", "title": "South Africa tests pink balls in day/night games", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: South Africa became the third ICC member to test pink balls in four-day day/night games, analysing issues such as rapid ball deterioration and likely bowler advantage during the trial game.The experiment in Potchefstroom involved North West Dragons hosting Chevrolet Knights in a game that had no first class status, similar to trials conducted by Pakistan and Australia a few years ago.The playing conditions saw each day's play starting at 14:30 going right up until 21:30.Cricket South Africa (CSA) match referee, Devdas Govindjee, has been tasked to gather information during the game. Together with the umpiring team, Govindjee was capturing details relating to the match so that a proper assessment of playing at night is done.The one area that will need attention, according to Govindjee, is the monitoring of the pink match ball that was used in conjunction with black sight screens.\"We've had three balls being used in the match so far, after the seam in the first ball split, while the colour of the second ball faded,\" Govindjee said on the second day of the game.\"The pitch was quite abrasive and that played a part in the ball being changed as well,\" explained Govindjee.Chevrolet Knight's skipper, Morne Van Wyk , was one of two centurions on day one and was positive about playing cricket in these new conditions although he was wary about certain other aspects.\"Depending on the time of day, it can get quite tricky especially during the twilight phase where it can get quite hard to bat. However, when it got darker, it got a bit easier to bat,\" said Van Wyk, who believed that bowlers are likely to have the upper hand under these conditions.\"I can see in the future that bowlers might be keen for this and batsmen not so keen as from what I've seen, it will favour the bowlers,\" the wicket-keeper batsman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16260151", "title": "Housework cuts breast cancer risk by 13%: Study", "text": "London: Leading an active lifestyle which includes doing housework, walking and gardening can cut the risk of developing breast cancer, a new study has claimed.The European Prospective Investigation Of Cancer found that women who take part in moderate to high levels of exercise can reduce breast cancer risk by up to 13%, Sky News reported.The research looked at the link between diet, lifestyle and the disease in more than 8,000 women who had suffered from breast cancer. It found that those who were most physically active were 13% less likely to develop the disease than those who were inactive. Women who exercised moderately had an 8% lower chance of getting breast cancer.Sarah Williams, from Cancer Research UK, said, \"This study in itself isn't completely 'new' news but it does fit in very well with what we already know about breast cancer and physical activity. The good news is that this research doesn't just look at the time we spend in the gym, it involves anything where you're basically getting a little bit out of breath, getting a bit warm, moderate activity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16260044", "title": "NMC Standing Committee presents civic budget for 2012-13", "text": "NASHIK: The Standing Committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) presented the Rs 1,810.82 crore civic budget for 2012-13 in the general body meeting on Tuesday. Earlier, the committee, while modifying the budget worked out by the municipal commissioner, had rejected proposals to hike house and water taxes.The former municipal commissioner P Velarasu, in his budget presented to the Standing Committee, had proposed 10 per cent hike in house tax and 4 per cent rise in conservation tax, but the proposals to hike house and conservation taxes were cancelled by the Standing Committee it its budget presented at the GBM. The Rs. 1,810.82 crore budget includes the surplus of Rs. 2.61 crore, with the outlay of Rs. 1,808.21 crore. The former municipal commissioner P Velarasu had presented the NMC budget amounting to Rs 1170.85 crore on March 31. The standing committee revised the by suggesting measures to increase revenue by Rs 639.97 crore, thereby increasing the budget from Rs 1,170.85 crore to Rs 1,810.82 crore.Presenting the budget at the GBM on Tuesday, the Standing Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \"My attempt was to give priority to the civic works in the interest of citizens and no tax hike has been made in the budget with an aim to relief the citizens. Considering comparatively on expenses and income, it is necessary to make minor hike on rents of NMC's own commercial properties, advertising taxes. In present situation, it needs to be economical in case of revenue expenditure. Survey of NMC's all residential and commercial properties, and computerization of tax recovery systems are needed to increase the revenue. The related department must take efforts for 100 per cent recovery of house tax, water tax and other taxes, which will help in carrying out maximum developmental works in the city.\"The budget includes the proposal of privatize NMC's two ambitious loss making projects- Yashwantrao Chavan Planetarium and Dadasaheb Pahalke Memorial, with an aim to avoid expenses on the said projects. The provision of Rs. 30 lakh per corporator has been made to carry out various developmental works in their wards. The budget includes the provision of Rs. 100 crore in view of the coming Kumbhamela for acquisition of land for Sadhugram, city Ring Roads, DP Roads and broadening of existing roads.The provision of Rs 100 crore as NMC's contribution (of 30 per cent) under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) project works for the current fiscal year has been made. The budget includes the provision of Rs. 50 crore for the proposed Godavari Development Plan and Ghat development.Rs. 1 crore to conduct survey and chalk out plans for Metro Railway project, Rs. 1 cr to install CCTV cameras and other safety measures in the city, Rs. 5 crore for Solid Waste Management Project, Rs. 25 lakh for water audit, Rs. 18.37 crore for the welfare of Blind and handicapped, Hawkers' Zone and Khoka market, Rs. 10 crore for multi-purpose playground, Rs. 36.85 crore for various works for empowerment of women, The municipal corporation hopes to raise Rs. 658 crore from Octroi, Rs. 119.69 crore from property and other taxes, Rs. 67.59 from Services and facilities, Rs. 50 crore from Development Tax, Rs. 46 crore from other taxes, Rs. 68.12 crore from water cess, Rs. 112.73 crore through Simhastha and other grants, Rs. 300 crore through cash credit and bonds, Rs. 17 crore from taxes on constructions, Rs. 100 crore from NMC's 24 properties to be developed by the NMC for commercial purposes on BOT basis, Rs. 195 crore as compensation from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) that is handling the widening of the highway widening and the service rods, Rs. 30 crore tax from India Bulls. The total budget outlay is at Rs. 1,808.21 crore, which includes Rs. 171.19 crore on the administration for recovery of taxes, Rs. 49.45 crore for public safety, Rs. 215.87 crore for public health and facilities, Rs. 12.46 crore for public education, Rs.64.92 crore for water distribution management, Rs.71.47 crore for sewage treatment management, Rs. 3 crore for effluent treatment management, Rs. 67.90 crore to provide facilities to poor people in the city, Rs. 894.78 crore capital expense, Rs. 76.35 for overdrafts etc..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259048", "title": "Drain shortage drowned the Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The incessant rains on Monday and Tuesday, which turned several roads in the city into small rivers, washed up the muck of flood mitigation department. The need for more storm water drains (SWD) in the city has now become a top priority.Several parts of the city saw downpour late on Tuesday evening. Experts suggest that Monday's problem had arisen because of insufficient storm water drains in the city. The total road length of Ahmedabad, including that of the newly merged areas is approximately 2,300 kilometer, while the total storm water drains (SWD) cover only 730 kilometer.\"Ideally, the length of the road network and storm water drains should be equal for quick disposal of rainwater. It was only in the last three years that the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) laid 330 kilometer of drains. In the western zone, we saw 132 mm to 135 mm of rainfall, while in the eastern areas it was 70 mm to 75 mm. This sudden downpour caused a lot of problems,\" says a senior AMC official.The official adds, \"It rained heavily when people were returning home from office. This only multiplied our problems. The SWD networks are designed to drain out one inch of storm water in an hour. This is enough to cater to problem of waterlogging. On Tuesday, there was no sign of the ponds that were created on Monday night. The water had drained but had taken it's own time.\"The leader of opposition in AMC Bhadruddin Sheikh led a scathing attack at the poor planning of the storm water drains. \"There were road cave-ins, several areas which were prone to flooding were left out of the SWD networks. Poor strategic engineering plans, despite the newly-laid SWD, led to the chaos that we saw on Monday. Areas like Asarwa, Gomtipur, Hatkeshwar, Gulbai Tekra, Saraspur, Naranpura, Maninagar, and Manekbaug were not supposed to get flooded,\" says Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258353", "title": "Mumbai: Youth drowns in waterfall", "text": "Mumbai: A picnic to the less frequented and isolated waterfalls at Mashachapada in Kashimira on Monday proved costly for a 22-year-old youth Sandrol Gomes. Gomes was washed away by the strong current of the water, even as his four friends managed to hold on the rocks and tree branches.On Monday as the city experienced heavy rains Gomes, a resident of Marol in Andheri convinced his friends Shivamkumar Mirchandani, Usher, Imran Shaikh and Abdul Shaikh, all in their early 20s, to explore the waterfall.Gomes had heard about the waterfall and told his friends that monsoon was the best time to visit the place. As they got into the water in the afternoon, Gomes started to get carried away by the force of the water. His friends too were unable to stay afloat in the water. They began calling for help but as it was an isolated place their screams for help went unheard.Gomes got washed away in the water while his friends managed to hold on to rocks and tree branches. Their screams were finally heard by some locals who informed the fire brigade. Gomes body was fished out of the water after hours of search. His friends who were rescued by the fire brigade were taken to the Bhaktivedanta Hospital in Mira Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257543", "title": "Civic body demolishes 11 illegal buildings", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) demolished 11 unauthorised constructions in Ravet admeasuring around 35,000 sq ft on Tuesday.Shirish Poredi, spokesperson, engineering department, PCMC, said that unauthorized constructions that were being built in the floodline-affected area in Ravet, were demolished.Makrand Nikam, executive engineer, four deputy engineers and 11 junior engineers of the civic engineering department conducted the drive amidst heavy police security.The unauthorised constructions demolished in Ravet included, a four storied hostel.The drive started at 11.30 am under police bandobast and concluded around 4.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16260027", "title": "Rs 1.8 crore civic budget approvedfor FY 2012-13", "text": "NASHIK:The General Body Meeting ( GBM) of Nashik Municipal Corporation on Tuesday approved the standing committee's civic budget of Rs 1,810.82 crore, without hiking house and water taxes and with the inclusion of suggestions by the members.The civic budget of Rs 1,810.82 crore, presented by the standing committee Chairman Uddhav Nimse, was passed on Tuesday at the General Body Meeting (GBM) of NMC, with some suggestions by the members. However, Nashikites can be happy that the budget has no proposal to hike house and water taxes. There was, however, 20% hike each in rents of NMC's own commercial galas (shops) and octroi escort fees and minor hike in advertising taxes. The former municipal commissioner P Velarasu, in his budget had proposed 10% hike in house tax and 4% rise in conservation tax, but the proposals to hike house and conservation taxes were cancelled by the committee. The Rs 1,810.82 crore budget includes the surplus of Rs 2.61 crore. , with the outlay of Rs 1,808.21 crore.The ex-municipal commissioner P Velarasu had presented the NMC budget amounting to Rs 1,170.85 crore on March 31. The standing committee revised the same by suggesting measures to increase revenue by Rs 639.97 crore. , thereby increasing the budget from Rs 1,170.85 crore to Rs 1,810.82 crore.The city mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"An approval is being given with the inclusion of the suggestions made by members.\" Wagh instructed the administration to submit the proposal of privatization of fertilizer, planetarium and Phalke Monument projects.Nimse said, \"My attempt was to give priority to the civic works in the interest of citizens and no tax hike has been made in the budget with an aim to relief the citizens. Considering comparatively on expenses and income, it is necessary to make minor hike on rents of NMC's own commercial properties, advertising taxes. In the present situation, it needs to be economical in case of revenue expenditure. Survey of NMC's residential and commercial properties, and computerization of tax recovery systems are needed to increase the revenue. The related department must make efforts to recover house tax, water tax and other taxes, which will help in carrying out maximum developmental works in the city.\"The mayor also announced the provision of Rs 60 lakh fund per corporator to carry out various developmental works in their wards, Rs 30 lakh for the Prabhag Committee chairman and Rs 25 crore for Goda Park. The budget includes the provision of Rs 100 crore in view of the coming Kumbhamela for acquisition of land for Sadhugram, city Ring Roads, DP Roads and broadening of existing roads. Rs 100 crore has been allocated as NMC's contribution (of 30 per cent) under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) project works for the current fiscal year has been made. The budget includes the provision of Rs 50 crore for the proposed Godavari Development Plan and Ghat development.Rs 1 crore as a provision to conduct survey and chalk out plans for Metro Railway project, Rs 1 cr to install CCTV cameras and other safety measures in the city, Rs 5 crore for Solid Waste Management Project, Rs 25 lakh for water audit, Rs. 18.37 crore for the welfare of Blind and handicapped, Hawkers' Zone and Khoka market, Rs 10 crore for multi-purpose playground, Rs 36.85 crore for various works for empowerment of women, has been set aside. The municipal corporation hopes to raise Rs. 658 crore from Octroi, Rs. 119.69 crore from property and other taxes, Rs. 67.59 from Services and facilities, Rs. 50 crore from Development Tax, Rs. 46 crore from other taxes, Rs. 68.12 crore from water cess, Rs. 112.73 crore through Simhastha and other grants, Rs. 300 crore through cash credit and bonds, Rs. 17 crore from taxes on constructions, Rs. 100 crore from NMC's 24 properties to be developed by the NMC for commercial purposes on BOT basis, Rs. 195 crore as compensation from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) that is handling the widening of the highway widening and the service rods, Rs. 30 crore tax from India Bulls. The total budget outlay is at Rs. 1,808.21 crore, which includes Rs. 171.19 crore on the administration for recovery of taxes, Rs. 49.45 crore for public safety, Rs. 215.87 crore for public health and facilities, Rs. 12.46 crore for public education, Rs.64.92 crore for water distribution management, Rs.71.47 crore for sewage treatment management, Rs. 3 crore for effluent treatment management, Rs. 67.90 crore to provide facilities to poor people in the city, Rs. 894.78 crore capital expense, Rs. 76.35 for overdrafts etc.(the NMC general body meeting is still in progress. This is tentative copy...may be updated by 8 pm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259274", "title": "Teacher's Day: They say it with flowers, chocolates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Young students from the Tricity worked overtime to make special gifts for their favourite teachers on the eve of Teachers' Day on Tuesday. Making drawings, cards and paintings, they tried to be as innovative as possible to please their mentors. And some kids even took some help, with their moms pitching in to give final touches to their creations.There were others who spent time getting pretty bouquets and chocolates for their teachers. Tushaar Sarin, a class III student of Vivek High School, was seen getting a beautiful bunch of flowers ready for his favourite teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258297", "title": "Man found castrated, murdered in Mahim", "text": "MUMBAI: A 40-year-old man was found murdered inside an unused signaling cabin close to Mahim railway station on Tuesday morning.The deceased was identified only as Bashir and is believed to be a ragpicker. He had been stabbed and castrated. GRP officials said the signaling cabin was covered with a trail of blood where Bashir's body had been dragged.\"The signaling cabin hasn't been used in the last 15 years and the building is dilapidated. The body was found on the first floor and we suspect the murder was committed in the same building late on MondayAs it was raining heavily, there don't seem to be any eyewitnesses,\" said assistant commissioner Dattatreya Sidham. The Mumbai Central GRP, in whose jurisdiction the murder took place, learnt about it on Tuesday morning. \"We took photographs of the body and showed them to youths hanging around at Mahim station. They identified Bashir and said he used to stay at the platform itself. The motive is likely to be something personal.\"We suspect that Bashir and the killer had a few drinks before the crime,\" said a GRP official could have been drinking, before he was killed,\" a senior official said.The signaling cabin is located after the foot overbridge at the end of Mahim station. The GRP has gone through CCTV footage of the station, but the range of the cameras does not cover the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16257954", "title": "Robbery foiled, 3 held after high drama", "text": "JAIPUR: Panic broke out in Jagatpura area on Tuesday when nine robbers planning an armed dacoity threatened policemen and some local residents with country-made guns. The police, however, arrested one of the robbers from the spot while two others were nabbed from Jagatpura railway station. In order to nab these robbers, personnel from six police stations and government railway police were summoned.According to commissioner of police B L Soni, two constables - Subhash Chand and Harikesh - spotted some robbers in suspicious circumstances near North Western Railway headquarters at Jagatpura bypass on Tuesday.\"The constables caught one of the robbers, Hardev Singh alias Rinku, belonging to Agra in UP and seized country-made guns, bullets, blade packets and other items. Suddenly other robbers threatened the constables with a gun,\" said Soni.Eye-witnesses said that though a crowd had gathered on the spot, the robbers brandished their guns and escaped.The constables informed the police control room following which a team of six SHOs and personnel from Jawahar Circle, Malviya Nagar, Kho-Nagorian, Pratap Nagar, Manak Chowk and Jalupura was constituted.\"At least four robbers entered Jhalana forests area when they saw the chasing police party. Meanwhile, a police team saw a robber, Rohit, near Jagatpura Railway Station and arrested him,\" said the officer.During interrogation, Rohit told the police that one more person, Raghunandan, was trying to escape to Mathura. \"The GRP was immediately informed and he was arrested from Mathura passenger train,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16256796", "title": "Cabinet clears SC, ST quota in promotions", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an attempt to reach out to the Dalit vote and regain some political initiative in Parliament, the government will try to pass a constitutional amendment bill aimed at securing unfettered reservation in promotion for scheduled castes and tribes in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.The bill's passage, however, hangs in suspense as BJP - whose support is crucial for a constitutional amendment - is not keen on calling off its protests over Coalgate that have paralysed Parliament. BJP plans to open it cards on the floor of the House.The Union Cabinet on Tuesday morning okayed in a jiffy the proposed change in the Constitution to undo a Supreme Court ruling that put a spanner in the \"promotion quota\" by requiring states to prove with quantifiable data that SCs and STs are backward and inadequately represented in services in order to avail the quota.The constitutional amendment's success hinges on BJP's support and tranquility in the upper House as a constitutional amendment has to be put to vote, requiring the presence of at least 50% of members and a two-thirds \" yes \" vote.The BJP leadership met on Tuesday evening to consider its stance, but the party is under pressure to support a politically correct bill which, however, sits at odds with its instincts. The government's move is intended to force BJP to lift its siege of Parliament over Coalgate while delivering Congress brownie points on the Dalit front.The pressure of Dalit opinion was intense with BSP chief Mayawati calling on BJP leaders Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley to seek their backing for the amendment to the Constitution.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal said it will be up to parties, particularly those who supported the move at an all-party consultation called by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , to vote for the bill.The decision to move the bill first in Rajya Sabha seems linked to the smaller number of nine Samajwadi Party MPs compared with 22 in Lok Sabha. SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav has vehemently opposed the bill and Congress managers are wary of the party's capacity to disrupt proceedings. If the bill is passed, it will be taken to the Lok Sabha on Thursday.Bansal justified plans for a quick vote without discussion, saying the House needs to consider just a four-line amendment and that the Bill need not go to a standing committee. In the case of the quota in promotions bill, all but SP are backing the proposal.The legislation seeks to replace Article 16(4A), which enables the state to provide promotion quota for SC/STs, with a new formulation that would render irrelevant the need to prove backwardness and inadequate share in services.The amendment also seeks to insulate 'promotion quota' from the effects of Article 335 that says quota policies should not adversely impact the efficiency of administration.The amended 16 (4A) would come into force from June 17, 1995, to ensure that promotions effected in the past remained unaffected by the SC order in the Nagaraj case in November 2006 as well as the ruling in April this year. The ruling set out the need for states to justify promotion quota by evidence of inadequate representation and backwardness of beneficiaries.The revised article, cleared by the Cabinet, reads: \"Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in the Constitution, the SCs and STs notified under Articles 341 and 342 shall be deemed to be backward and nothing in this article or in article 335 shall prevent the State from making any provision for reservation in matters of promotions, with consequential seniority, to any class or classes of posts in the services under the State in favour of SC/STs to the extent of the percentage of reservation provided to SC/STs in the services of the state.\"The existing version of the Article speaks about promotion quota for SC/STs that the state thinks are not adequately represented.The trans-partisan endorsement was cited in the meeting of the Union Cabinet which approved the significant measure without the semblance of a discussion. \"Our job is to introduce it in Parliament and seek its passage,\" the PM is learnt to have remarked at the meeting.Dalits and tribals have strongly campaigned for legal protection against SC's orders on promotion quota, with BSP leader Mayawati outreach to BJP asking it to suspend protests in Rajya Sabha to allow the bill a smooth passage.The apex court order in April, dubbing the three conditions as indispensable for quota in job elevation, triggered a polarizing political debate with Mayawati imploring the Centre to neutralise it.Following the cabinet decision, SP general secretary Ramgopal Yadav said the UPA cabinet's decision flies in the face of judicial orders and was an attempt by Congress to divert attention from Coalgate. \"We will oppose it inside and outside the parliament,\" he threatened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16259302", "title": "Madrassas in the state breaking new ground", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Don't be surprised if you spot a career guidance cell or a full-fledged education help desk in madrassas in the state some time in the near future.Madrassas which had limited their activities to the realm of religious education for centuries, are now planning to take up new roles ranging from educational counselling to employment generation. to keep up pace with the changing times.A workshop attended by madrassa teachers and mahal committee office bearers from over 100 mahals in Malappuram has created a roadmap for empowering these religious institutions to take up new responsibilities.The proposals that came up at the workshop revolve around putting the madrassa infrastructure to full use. Thousands of madrassa buildings lie unused except for two hours in the morning when they are in session. The education sector remained the key focus at the workshop with madrassas aiming to fill in the gap in crucial areas like vocational coursesand career guidance for youth.\"It brought to the fore the urge within the community to empower themselves to become agents of social change. Most madrassas now have decent infrastructure which the participants felt could be used for socio-economic empowerment,\" said Suhail A, secretary, Muslim Welfare Association, which organized the workshop.The function was attended by representatives from different Muslim religious groups and was inaugurated by Panakkad Syed Sadikkali Shihab Thangal. Over 1,000 madrassas in the state have already been provided computers under the central government-sponsored madrassa modernization scheme, and a large number of madrassa teachers have mastered the computer. The stirrings of a transformation are already visible in the mahals and madrassas in Malabar. Many of them have become platforms for relief activities with a mahal committee in Mongam breaking new ground in palliative care. Several mahals across Malabar have also taken up the drive against drug abuse.And many have tied up with institutions like the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) to start short-term certificate courses.Noted Muslim religious scholar Dr Bahavudheen Nadvi, who is also the vice-chancellor of Darul Huda Islamic University, said that the diversification of activities were a very positive development which will have lasting impact on the development of the community. \"The proposals that came up at the workshop were promising. Already many madrassas have started computer classes and secular education along with religious studies and many are in the process of taking up new activitiesfor socio-economic upliftment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258214", "title": "'Application for flat by BJP MP was rejected'", "text": "Mumbai: BJP MP Ajay Sancheti had applied for a flat in Adarsh, but his application was rejected, one of the prime accused and promoters of the society R C Thakur told the judicial commission on Tuesday. Ajay Sancheti, (his brothers) Abhay and Anand had initially applied for membership of Adarsh, but thier applications were rejected,'' Thakur said in response to questions put to him by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri counsels for the commission. Thakur said that Adarsh had taken a loan of Rs 2-3 crores from San Finance Corporation, which has Ajay Sancheti as one of its partners.There was no documentation (for the loan) made with SFC since it was a short-term loan,'' said Thakur. We did not inform the collector before obtaining a loan from SFC as no permission was required, the loan was for the construction (of the building) and was with interest.''Thakur also sought to deny any connection between the loan from SFC and the allotment of flat the MP's nephew Paramveer Sancheti. I do not remember if the loan from SFC was taken before or after Paramveer became a member of Adarsh,'' said Thakur.A PIL is pending before the Bombay high court seeking investigation into the Sancheti group's involvement in the scam. According to the application, SFC had given unsecured loans to 10 persons to buy flats in Adarsh, including Paramveer, expressing apprehensions that these were alleged benami deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16259440", "title": "Coalgate: Jharkhand ex- chief secretary now director in coal firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the summer of 2005, Nagpur-based Abhijeet group struck gold in Jharkhand \u2014 it got four coal blocks in the state in quick succession. The Jharkhand chief secretary at the time was PP Sharma, a 1971 batch IAS officer. The BJP's Arjun Munda was then CM. Sharma had taken over as chief secretary in December 2004, but was moved out in January 2006. He returned to the post in August 2007 when Madhu Koda, an independent MLA backed by Congress, JMM and RLD, was Jharkhand CM. A few months on, in January 2008, the Abhijeet group got another coal block in Jharkhand.Adding to the coincidences , post-retirement , on December 2010, Abhijeet Group appointed PP Sharma as a director in its companies, Abhijeet Power and Corporate Power. When called for a response , Sharma initially claimed he wasn't aware of the allocations and did not recollect details. Reminded, he stated there was no conflict of interest. \"I had nothing to do with this. Allocations were made by the Centre,\" he said.While coal block allocations are indeed made by the coal ministry, the process includes state governments. Their view is sought on companies that have applied for coal blocks and state officials are on the screening committee that makes the final decision. Typically, the screening process takes six months. Sharma was chief secretary for six months in the run up to May 26, 2005, the day when three blocks \u2014 Brinda, Sasai and Meral North with 78 mn tonnes of coal \u2014 were allotted to Abhijeet Infrastructure.Another group company, Corporate Ispat, was allotted Chitarpur North with 212 mn tonnes coal on September 2, 2005, well into Sharma's tenure. On January 9, 2008, when Jas Infrastructure, another Abhijeet group company, won joint rights to Mahuagarhi coal block with 110 mn tonnes reserves, Sharma had been in the saddle for six months. So far, investigations into the allocations have thrown up allegations of links between politicians and companies. However, Sharma's case suggests that senior bureaucrats may have thrown their weight behind companies that rewarded them post-retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258516", "title": "Confession by aide nails mastermind", "text": "NEW DELHI: While ordering the framing of charges against medical student Wasim Akram Malik for his alleged involvement in the 2011 Delhi HC blast case, the court relied upon the confessional statement of another co-accused, Amir Abbas Dev. The statement was recorded under Section 164 of the CrPC before the magistrate.The statement recorded by a magistrate under Section 164 of CrPC is binding and any deviation from it during the trial makes the person liable to be tried for perjury.Dev, who has been granted pardon by the court after he turned an approver in the case, has claimed that Malik had hatched the conspiracy to plant a bomb outside the Delhi high court. Detailing the events, Dev said Malik had approached him to find out a person with \"computer knowledge\". It was then that Dev introduced him to a minor, also an accused in the case.He said two days before the blast, Malik had given him an envelope, which contained the details of the email to be sent after the blast. \"He told me the contents of the mail were written in English and the steps for creation of the mail were written in Urdu. ... He also told me to tell the juvenile accused that he should chew the paper containing the contents of the mail after sending the email,\" Dev said in his statement.While the NIA has claimed Malik was the main conspirator, Dev and the minor were involved in the process of sending the email after the blast. Dev said Malik had introduced him to two persons \u2014 Bilal and Haroon \u2014 and he had heard him promise them Rs 72,000 as \"advance\" payment. Later, he had heard Malik's brother Junaid saying he would give the two a \"briefcase\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259087", "title": "Police raids beauty parlour near CG Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Navrangpura police raided a beauty parlour near CG Road involved in flesh trade on Monday night and arrested the manager of the shop. Officials said that she was involved in similar offences earlier and was caught by city police.According to Navrangpura police officials, a team led by sub-inspector RN Gadhavi had got a tip-off that a woman was running flesh trade racket in the garb of a beauty parlour. Working on that, police sent a decoy first to the Hair and Care Beauty Parlour in Samrat Complex near CG Road. The man said that he was shown girls from other states and was asked to choose. He had to pay Rs 1500 upfront and remaining Rs 1000 at the time of leaving. Once we got the confirmation, we raided the spot on Monday night and found four women. Three of them were from outside the state whereas one was Manju Kalal alias Sonu, manager of the shop. The support staff managed to flee before the raid,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Investigators said that the girls were brought for a limited period on contract of fixed payment. The difference was pocketed by Manjumanager and her associates. tnn \"We got to know that the premises was taken on rent by Manju and others. We will file a case against the owner,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16261012", "title": "Prabhu praises Shruti, denies ad with Tammu", "text": "The director is working with the Ulaganayagan's daughter in a Hindi flick for the first time and both of them are excited at this prospect. Ask Prabhu Dheva about Shruti and he says, \"She is very hard working and never shows that she is the daughter of a legendary person.\"We all know about her singing skills, how did the ace choreographer find her dancing skills? \"She's a good dancer,\" he says, adding, \"She's a normal person and a good actress.\"The latest buzz is also that Prabhu will be directing an ad with Virat Kohli and Tamannaah for a popular brand that they both endorse. When asked about this, he said, \"I am not doing the ad. In fact, this is news to me!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16257980", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: State to seek central forces for festival security", "text": "MUMBAI: In wake of recent terror attacks in Maharashtra, the state government does not want to take any chance with the security during the Ganpati festival. The Maharashtra government will request the Centre to provide additional forces to maintain law and order in the state.Speaking to the media at Mantralaya, home minister R R Patil said, \"We are taking ample precautions. Besides policemen from the state, the government will ask the Union government to deploy few a platoons of central forces in the state.\"The 10-day Ganpati festival in the state begins on September 19.The home minister stated that Ganpati mandals, too, should share the responsibility of the security. \"Mandals should have a group of people to assist the police in maintaining law and order. Mandals with good financial track record should come forward and instal CCTV cameras for better security,\" Patil said.Meanwhile, Patil chaired a meeting with the local representatives of Ganesh Pune and home department officials. In a meeting held at Mantralaya, it was decided to withdraw cases against Ganesh mandals in Pune. \"A majority of cases against the mandal members are for violating noise pollution norms and taking out processions without police permission. We have instructed the police to withdraw the cases,\" said Satej Patil, minister of state for home.Asked whether cases against all mandals across the state would be withdrawn, R R Patil said, \"If mandals approach the local administration, then state would consider withdrawing their cases.\" He added that the police will not object to the playing of traditional instruments (even after the deadline of 12am on the day of idol immersion) if they are within the stipulated noise pollution norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16259497", "title": "Collection woes continue to haunt water board", "text": "Hubli: Even after announcing an interest waiver on pending water bills, the HDMC has not been able to collect the arrears. With people not coming forward to pay the pending amount - many of them owe thousands of rupees to the corporation - the HDMC is at its wit's end to make up for its losses. After the August deadline failed to evoke the desired response, the water board authorities have again extended the interest waiver scheme for this month too. The water board was supposed to collect Rs 44 crore pending water bill arrears from the citizens of twin cities. As an incentive it announced interest waiver from March to May. Again it announced the waiver scheme for the entire month of August. However, even after this, the board has been able to collect only Rs 16 crore so far and the pending amount is Rs 29 crore. The loss to the corporation in terms of interest waiver stands at Rs 15 crore. Now the water board, after discussing with the corporation commissioner, has decided to extend interest waiver till September 30. More than 14,000 households in Hubli and Dharwad have to clear bills running over Rs 3,000 each. While people in 24x7 wards are more particular in paying their bills - 70 per cent of them are regular payers - people in the remaining wards often evade payment. The HDMC and the water board are putting continuous efforts to convince people, but all that has yielded abysmal results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16259476", "title": "No trace of poison found in items seized from Fiza\u2019s house", "text": "MOHALI: The Punjab State Chemical Laboratory (PSCL), Kharar, have not found any trace of poison in items, including bottle of liquor, soda, water, cold drink, pakodas and in a packet of cigarettes, which were seized from the house of Fiza Mohammed, aka Anuradha Bali for the chemical examination. A report has been received by district police in this regard.Fiza, the estranged wife of former deputy chief minister, Haryana, Chander Mohan, was found dead in her three-story house in Sector 48C , Chandigarh, on August 6 under mysterious circumstances and items were seized for the chemical examination.SSP (Mohali) Gurpreet Singh Bhullar said the visra report of Fiza Mohammed is still pending and the cause of death would be ascertained from the report. The visras of Fiza's body were sent to Government Medical College Rajindra Hospital, Patiala, but doctors failed to examine the heart sample as it had also been badly decomposed.Notably, no finger prints were found from some seized items from the house of Fiza during the forensic examination in FSL, Kharar, and taken finger print samples of Satpal, uncle of deceased Fiza, advocate Ajit Singh Hooda, who was last spotted with Fiza, were also not matched.A senior police officier said lockers of Fiza Mohammed would be checked after two days as income tax department has reportedly allowed the police officers to check these independently.SP (city) Swarandeep Singh said, \"The entire practice of checking of Fiza's lockers would be videographed, which would be handed over to the income tax department.\" A cash of Rs 92.86 lakh and around 1.5 kg gold ornaments were recovered from her house on August 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16259320", "title": "Teacher's murder: Accused still at large", "text": "KANNUR: Even three years after the brutal murder of a high school teacher on Teacher's Day allegedly by her husband, the investigation into this case has not reached anywhere with police not being able to arrest the accused.It was on the morning of September 5, 2009 that the body of Hemaja (32), a teacher at Kannur City Higher Secondary School, was found in a Maruti Omni van with stab injuries at Uruvachal here. Following the incident, police registered a case and a search operation was launched to nab the victim's husband, Saseendran alias Dinkan Sasi, and his friend T N Sasi. But police managed to arrest only Sasi.According to police, Saseendran killed his wife to get hold of her gold ornaments kept in the locker.The murder plan was hatched by Saseendran and his friend Sasi. And as a first step a grave was dug in the compound of his parental house at Pannenpara. On the night of September 4, he pretended to be sick and took Hemaja along with him to the doctor around midnight in his van. On the way back, Sasi also got into the van and when the van reached a deserted place they slit her throat.According to Sasi's confessional statement, the earlier plan was to bury her in the pit they had dug earlier, but after the murder, Sasi panicked and ran away. Saseendran then abandoned the van along with the body at Uruvachal, near Thazhe Chowwa.Though an action committee was formed to put pressure on police, and Hemaja's father, Ambadi Chandrasekharan, approached the high court seeking a CBI probe into the case, police claimed in the court that the investigation was in full swing and the accused would be nabbed soon. However, even after the probe team visited places like Mumbai, Bangalore and Goa, police failed to trace the accused.Though police had claimed that Saseendran has escaped to the Gulf, Hemaja's relatives say that he is still in India and is maintaining contacts with co-accused Sasi, who has since been released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257759", "title": "Cauvery authority to meet later this month, says Bansal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Supreme Court expressed displeasure over the inability of the Prime Minister's Office to hold a meeting of the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) for the past several years, water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said a meeting would be held on either September 19 or 20.The authority, which is chaired by the prime minister, has not met for nine years and the inability to hold a meeting attracted the apex court's ire on Monday.Tamil Nadu has demanded immediate release of Cauvery water by Karnataka to save the state's standing crops in the wake of bad monsoon.Bansal said on Tuesday that the Union government was in touch with chief ministers of member-states of CRA and hoped that everyone would be present at the meeting.\"We are in touch with all the chief ministers and everybody would be there (at the meeting). In all likelihood, it will be 19th or 20th of this month,\" Bansal told reporters. The CRA has chief ministers of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Pondicherry and Kerala as members.The CRA, which was set up in 1997 with a wide range of powers to adjudicate on the long-running dispute between the states over Cauvery waters and implementation of the interim order, last met in February 2003 under the NDA regime.Tamil Nadu had told the apex court that following several letters from the state chief minister for urgent convening of a CRA meeting, the Union government only asked for comments from Karnataka on Tamil Nadu's plea and the water sharing formula for distress years had still not been settled.The Jayalalitha government had noted that at the 25th meeting of the Central Monitoring Committee, which is headed by the Union water minister with state chief secretaries on board, had been unable to resolve the dispute between the two states in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16259868", "title": "Govt wakes up, to protect heritage structures in Mysore", "text": "Mysore: The proposed preservation of the Lansdowne Building could set the ball rolling for conservation in the Heritage City. Though the city got the status in 2005, some of the architectural jewels have been pulled down while unregulated growth has marred the beauty of the heritage structures. With the panel of experts arguing for the conservation of the 120-year-old monument, there is new-found urgency among the authorities for conservation. District minister S Ramdas on Tuesday said the rules and regulations for the conservation of the heritage structures will be notified before the Dasara festival in mid-October.\"This is the starting point,\" he said referring to the proposed conservation of the Lansdowne Building. He said an authority to focus on the needs of the heritage monuments is in the offing.What has spurred them into action is the rap from the experts. Expert in civil engineering CS Vishwanatha, who headed the panel, has told the minister that his recommendations in 2002 to strengthen the structural stability of the monument were ignored. In 1998, the monument was partially damaged. It revisited it in 2002 when Vishwanatha studied it and said the balcony has become weak. \"Yet we didn't act. We all are responsible for its present status,\" Ramdas said. He has said the 200-plus monuments mapped by the heritage department in the city will be scanned by a team of experts. The members of the heritage committee constituted by the heritage department will also be part of the exercise, he stated. Vishwanatha and Syed Shakeeb Ur Rahman have noted in the report that the building is in a ilapidated condition. \"..it is concluded that the building, as it stands, is unsafe. Partial collapse is likely to be triggered at any time even with slightest disturbance whatsoever. Particularly, the balcony, the roof slabs and the ground floor ceiling are highly vulnerable.\" CM Jagadish Shettar visited the site and met the panel members on Monday evening along with Ramdas when he was told that conservation was the need of the hour, something which conservationist Govindan Kutty has argued in his independent report. \"A state-level regulation and guidelines with respect (to) heritage areas is need of the time to support urban bodies govern and maintain them significantly,\" he has stated. Kutty has warned that demolition of the Lansdowne Building will set a bad precedent. \"This was a critical issue for the conservation,\" he told TOI. When contacted, Lansdowne Building Tenants Association president R Murthy said: \"We'll study the reports and discuss with the tenants and decide. We want the monument to be opened soon.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16258771", "title": "Sowing revives after good spell of rain in parched Saurashtra", "text": "RAJKOT: With the latest spell of rains reviving the hopes of farmers in Saurashtra, sowing is once again underway in the region for crops whose produce is still expected before the end of this Kharif season.Agriculture department officials said sowing has been undertaken by the farmers in most parts of the region after good spell of precipitation in the last one week.Crops like cotton and groundnut that had been sown earlier in the beginning of the monsoon have failed on account of rain deficiency that was experienced for most of the last two months. Farmers said the latest spell of rain has ensured at least ample fodder production.On the brighter side, Surendranagar district, which is one of the most rain-deficient districts in Saurashtra, is expecting sowing of jowar, castor and sesame along with the other crops on an area of at least 1 lakh hectares in the days to come. Officials said there is 7.53 lakh hectares of cultivable land in the district and out of which 3.20 lakh hectares had been sown earlier. But most of these crops had failed. \"We have now recommended sowing of jowar, castor, sesame and cumin to the farmers,'' an official said. Sources disclosed that Surendranagar district has received 49 per cent of its average annual rainfall till now.Agriculture department sources said the sowing will also begin soon in Junagadh, Amreli and Bhavnagar districts. \"The rainfall in the last one week has changed the entire picture of the drought-like situation in the region. This has led to the farmers regaining some confidence,\" an official said.Farmers are now expecting that even the fodder produce will bring good returns and they will be able to make up for the losses incurred on purchase of seeds and fertilizers for the crops they had sown earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16250982", "title": "Teacher's Day: All for the joy of teaching", "text": "On Teacher's Day, two youngsters in the city, who quit their corporate jobs to teach underprivileged children in low income schools, share their fulfiling classroom experiences.Spandana Medipally Teacher, Class II, Hymavathi High School, Amberpet I can still recall every single detail about one afternoon 20 years ago when I was in kindergarten. Sister Shoba had spent an entire hour sitting with me in the school garden, trying to make me feel better after I just got bullied. She wasn't only kind and patient, but she genuinely believed in me. She always remembered every little thing I had to say. I've come a long way since then to now, when I'm a teacher myself.I quit my job as a information security analyst at a corporate bank to teach in a low income under-resourced school. I have been teaching 37 second graders for three months now although it feels like I've known them forever. These 37 mischievous bundles of joy are the reason why I jump out of bed every morning and go to school with an effortless smile on my face. There were times when I almost cried out of joy because one of my slowest learners would raise a tiny resistant hand to participate in the class to answer a question. There were times when I celebrated because I've seen my kids grow and learn. Not only academically, but as responsible little people sharing and working as a team \u2014 a family, like I tell them we are.I teach my kids prescribed content. They teach me love, trust, patience and grit. They teach me to have the courage to dream. Dream beyond the walls of the community they come from, where their parents work relentlessly to earn for two square meals a day. When I joined Teach for India, I thought I set out to have a life changing impact on these little ones. Now I can firmly say that 20 years from now, I will recall each of their stories and the life changing impact they had on me.Karthik Rapaka Teacher, Class II, Grace Model High School, Sabji Mandi This Teacher's Day, I feel super special and proud to be a class II teacher in a low-income private school in the Old City. I feel that teaching young kids is one of the toughest jobs in the world where it is a significant challenge to keep the interests, motivation and achievement levels on an upward swing on a consistent basis for a class size of 30-35 students (if you are lucky). But, when I left my corporate consulting stint in the US little did I know that my new role as a primary school teacher has much greater responsibilities, power and perks \u2014the pure love of 34 young children who adore their guide! The stories of three of my class students in particular, made me realise the level of responsibility my role has as a teacher.Sohail Khan \u2014 A student who asked me what form of corporal punishment I would give him as his new class teacher. When I said 'none', he was surprised that someone can study in school without getting punished. He was the first in my class to acknowledge that he can win a game or learn a concept on the basis of pure merit and hard work instead of through coercion or punishments. Recently, Sohail earned a visit to ISB where he participated in their Independence Day event based on his most recent unit performance, attendance and behaviour!Shaik Sameer \u2014 Constantly teased by his school mates, Sameer was aggressive and would keep getting into fights. He now understands that the ultimate power lies within him \u2014 an ability to control his emotions. Now, he is a sweet-natured kid who just needed some support and understanding.Amaan Ali \u2014 Someone who is still trying to recognise alphabet and numbers, Amaan, who is older than his classmates by a couple of years, has a slower pace of learning. He also used to get physically hurt frequently and almost never smiled, laughed or enjoyed in class. Coming from an Urdu-medium school, Amaan struggled to get along with others. Now after 3 months, Amaan's school attendance and smile-o-meters are gradually going up and he shows a strong determination towards learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16258158", "title": "Coalgate: ABVP activists lathicharged during protests at University of Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Unruly scenes were witnessed at the University of Rajasthan on Tuesday when hundreds of members of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) demonstrated against Congress for Coal-gate corruption. At least four students including the RU president were detained by the police for disturbing peace while six students got sustained injuries in clashes with police.Since Tuesday morning the ABVP students were forcing the teachers and students to suspend classes. The protesting students then went outside the University and disrupted the traffic at JLN Marg for almost an hour.The students also burnt the effigy of Prime Minister Man Mohan Singh and chief minister Ashok Gehlot . Police present on the campus were compelled to use lathi charge on the activists when their repeated pleas to maintain law and order fell on deaf ears. The students were protesting against the Congress government for its alleged role in Coal-gate corruption.\"They blocked the Tonk Road and JLN Marg. So, mild force was used to disperse them,\" said a senior police officer.Later, police detained four student leaders including Rajesh Meena, RUSU president, for disturbing peace.In an another incident at the University, a group of students barged into the Centre for Converging Technology demanding action against a first year student for registering a fake case of ragging against one Mukesh Choudhary .The incident occurred after some first year students filed an FIR at Gandhi Nagar police station against Mukesh for harassing and beating them on the campus.\"Three students falsely implicated me in the case. They have done this to take revenge for my complaint against them,\" Chaudhary added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257719", "title": "ABVP bandh successful", "text": "BHOPAL: The bandh called by Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Tuesday in protest against the alleged coal scam in UPA government was successful. Classes remained suspended in major colleges of the city.The activists staged a chakka jam at the busy Chetak Bridge. It led to a traffic jam on the road for more than one hour. The activists stopped students from going to colleges at bus stops in the morning. Similar scenes were seen at college gates. Two-wheeler rallies were organized by the activists that passed from in front of various educational institutes. Police teams were deployed at various colleges. Barring a few incidents, where police had to use mild force to disperse the ABVP and NSUI and Youth Congress workers, the bandh did not led to any law and order situation.At Benazir College, ABVP and NSUI workers came face to face when NSUI members assembled at the college and raised slogans demanding a ban on ABVP and Bajrang Dal. They also raised slogans against the BJP-ruled state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16258876", "title": "Minor girl 'molested' by teacher", "text": "BOKARO: A Class V student of Holy Cross School, Chandankyari was allegedly molested in class by her computer teacher on Tuesday. The girl's parents brought the matter to the notice of the school management after the victim narrated the incident on returning home. An FIR has been lodged with the Chandankyari police station in this regard.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said, \"Based on the complaint by the victim's parents an FIR has been lodged against the accused teacher and the matter is being probed.\"\"The school has expelled the teacher, V Francis, who is absconding,\" police said adding that the victim's classmates have also complained that Francis had often misbehaved with them as well.Meanwhile, the hostel run by Francis near the school was closed by locals as soon as the word spread.The vice-principal refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16257946", "title": "Teacher's Day: 45% of teachers in schools are women", "text": "In India, teachers form the third largest workforce among white-collared employees. A point to reflect on Teachers' Day, Wednesday, is that of the country's 64 lakh school teachers, 29 lakh are women.The percentage of women teachers in schools has been increasing steadily in recent years. From 43.46% in 2008-09, it rose to 44.83% in 2009-10 and 45.51% in 2010-11.The shift started in the 1990s, when the government launched Operation Blackboard, reserving 50% of jobs in schools for women.R Govinda, vice-chancellor, National University of Education Planning and Administration (NUEPA), said, \"This change has been induced because of government policy. Out of every two teachers a school recruits today, one has to be a woman.\"Interestingly, this is a world-wide phenomenon, and not just restricted to India. \" Yes , feminization in the teaching fraternity has either taken place or is taking place across the world,\" the vice-chancellor of NUEPA said.Psychiatrist Harish Shetty, who doubles up as counsellor for several city schools, said post-industrialisation research has proved that the male role model was increasingly missing from the lives of growing boys. What this means is that at home, the father is away at work most of the time, and in school, the student rarely has a male teacher to look up to.The trend is likely to intensify. In 2010-11, according to the University Grants Commission, education was the only stream of study to have more girls than boys: 3.24 lakh girls as opposed to 2.64 lakh boys had signed up to take up teaching as a vocation. \"At Azim Premji University, we have more female students. But I would say gender has no bearing on the goodness or badness of a teacher,\" said Dileep Ranjekar, CEO, Azim Premji Foundation.But experts warn that the trend may have adverse consequences for boys. Psychiatrist Harish Shetty, who doubles as a counsellor for several city schools, said research showed that male role models were increasingly missing from the lives of growing boys: at home, the father is away at work most of the time, and in school, a boy rarely has a male teacher to look up to.In the UK, where the male-female teacher ratio is similar, a recent newspaper report lamented the absence of male teachers in education, remarking that students were being raised to become \"pansies\". Shetty said, \"In most cases, the male teacher these days is only a PT trainer or a music teacher or one who drills maths into you. The only man boys know now is Salman Khan. It is important for them to come across men who are sensitive, men who are family people, men who have feminity.\"But Tripta Trivedi, an associate professor from the department of education, University of Lucknow, has a different opinion. She said female teachers have a more positive and professional attitude than their male counterparts. She found this through a study she conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258540", "title": "Firms made windfall gains, fudged facts: FIRs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI FIRs against the five companies named in the Coalgate scam have given details of how they misrepresented facts to corner coal blocks and profited from the allocations.In the case of Navabharat Power, which was started by brothers P Trivikrama Prasad and Y Harish Chandra Prasad, CBI is investigating whether sale of the company to Essar Power Limited, after getting coal blocks, was a pre-meditated decision.During its investigations, CBI found a very interesting pattern in the sale agreement between Navabharat and Essar. \"With this deal, they (the Prasads) made a profit of approximately Rs 200 crore. Harish Chandra sold his personal shares at very high rates but sold the company shares at very nominal prices,\" CBI sources told TOI.\"Though we have not found anything against Essar officials yet, we will examine if this was planned from the beginning,\" they added.Sources said while 5,000 personal shares belonging to Harish Chandra were sold at nearly Rs 50 crore, company stocks worth Rs 85 crore were given at a much cheaper rate. \"These 5,000 personal shares of Harish Chandra, which had a face value of Rs 10 each and a total value of Rs 50,000, were given for Rs 50 crore to Essar Power Ltd. Then, company shares worth Rs 85 crore were given for just Rs 12 crore,\" a CBI source said.About other companies named in the five FIRs, CBI's enquiry found some common defaults like fudging facts about their financial status and their joint venture companies.The CBI enquiry revealed interesting facts in Vijay Darda's companies as well. It found that the companies already had coal blocks in which they never started work and they did not have satisfactory growth of the company to be eligible for further allocations. The companies belonging to Darda - AMR Iron and Steel, JAS Infrastructure Capital and JLD Yavatmal - had offices at common locations in a few cities, the CBI source said.About Darda's direct role in getting coal blocks for these three companies, the source said, \"We have not found anything on paper but we believe that he used his influence.\"The agency is planning to formally question Darda and others named in the five FIRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16259962", "title": "Idol stalls to be relocated to Golf Club grounds this year", "text": "Nashik: In what could be termed as a major relief for Civil Hospital patients admitted to the Civil Hospital, this year, stalls selling Ganpati idols would be shifted away from the hospital this year. The stalls will would not be put up opposite the hospital on the busy Trimbak Road, but will instead be relocated to Golf Club grounds. Last year, following the the refusal from the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) refusal to permit stalls on Golf Club grounds, stall owners had ended up moving their business to Nashik-Trimbak Road near the hospital, which caused further inconvenience not only to the hospital's patients but also led to traffic snarls. The traffic police are of the view that moving the stalls back to their original location at the club grounds will ease the traffic issues in the area this year. for Ganapati stalls would solve the issue of the traffic snarls and also not cause trouble to the patients arriving at the civil hospital or those being admitted there. In the past, there were also reports that the rush of devotees and Ganesh Mandals to purchase Ganpati idols also obstructed the smooth entry of vehiclesto the hospital. The stalls were formerly put up near Nehru Garden behind Shalimar. This, too, hampered traffic flow from Shalimar towards Mahatma Gandhi Road and Raviwar Karanja, since this stretch not only leads to the busy Raviwar Karanja market areamarket area of Raviwar Karanja, MG Road and Main Road, but also has schools and the Parshuram Saikhedkear Auditorium and other important offices. Taking these impediments into account, iIt was therefore decided that the stalls be moved to to provide place for Ganapati stalls on Trimbak Road across Civil Hospital. However, last year, the city police and the traffic department refused permission to the stalls even opposite the Civil Hospital in view of the traffic chaos near the hospital and subsequent disturbance to patients. But despite being denied permission, stall owners went ahead and erected the stalls anyway. also the trouble caused to the patients there. Despite, the police refusing them permission, the concerned stall owners went ahead and put up the stalls. Sources at the police commissionerate said that a recent meeting was held between the NMC and senior cops. It was then decided to move the stalls to Golf Club grounds this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258005", "title": "High Court: Army can hold function at Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday allowed BMC's plea to permit the Army to use Shivaji Park, subject to conditions, to celebrate Vijay Diwas in December.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar heard BMC's application saying the Army wanted to organize a \"Know Your Army Mela\" on December 15 and December 16 to celebrate its 1971 victory over Pakistan . The Army will organize a ground display between 8.30am and 2pm and an aerial display thereafter till 7pm. BMC sought permission to allow the Army to use Shivaji Park for six days from December 12 to December 17.BMC counsel E P Bharucha said that since the area is has been declared a silence zone, it the civic body was unable to grant permission to the Army. \"It is a fit case and an exception can be made.This is the only request that we have supported. The event is not held every year in Mumbai and was last held in the city in 2004 or 2005. The Army organizes it in various parts of the country ,\" said Bharucha.Wecom Trust, on whose petition HC had declared Shivaji Park a silence zone in on May 5, 2010, said it is not opposed to the application and noise pollution rules must be observed.\"Nobody will turn deaf. A little discomfort can be tolerated,\" said Bharucha, adding that citizens don't ask the defence personnel about its discomfort while guarding the country.Wecom's advocate Kaustav Talukdar said that the ground will be deprived of sports for nearly three weeks in December-first due to Dr Ambedkar's death anniversary and then Vijay Diwas. \"Cricket tournaments will be hit. The underground water sprinkling system will be destroyed,\" said Talukdar.Bharucha said the Army is not organizing \"fun and games\", these are normal activities of the Army that citizens must know. \"Once the war is over and coffins are back, people forget about their sacrifices,\" said Bharucha, adding that as Shivaji Park is centrally located, it is accessible to everyone in the city.\"We are only concerned if the tanks move around,\" said Justice Shah. The judges were informed that the tanks will remain stationary.The judges asked BMC and the Army to ensure that pitches and other portions of the ground are not damaged.While directing BMC to grant permission to the Army, the judges said that both shall sit with Wecom's trustees, who will indicate areas on the ground that can be used. The HC said the Army will be permitted to bring on the ground only those vehicles that will be used for display or for organizing the event. Visitors' vehicles cannot be parked on the ground, said the HC. It directed BMC and the Army to restore the ground to its original condition by December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257424", "title": "Approval sought for Nigdi pipeline project", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has sought approval from the state government to implement the water pipeline project from Pavana dam to Nigdi. The civic body cited observations made by the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority (MWRRA) which favours the project.The issue was discussed at a meeting convened by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in Mumbai on Tuesday. Mayor Mohini Lande, municipal commissioner Shirkar Pardeshi and MLAs Vilas Lande, Laxman Jagtap and Anna Bansode attended the meeting.The pipeline has been opposed by farmers in Maval. The MWRRA has stated that the civic body must draw water from Ravet bund on the Pavana river for four months during the monsoon, and use the pipeline in the remaining eight months. Work on the project has been at a standstill for a year.Pardeshi said the civic body has requested the state government to permit resumption of work. The observations made by MWRRA will be brought to the government's notice, he said.The state urban development department will decide on the demand made by Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority to the civic body asking for Rs 114 crore for land in Chikhli, given for construction of houses for the poor.The civic body has requested the state government to waive the amount as the project is being implemented for the poor. Of the 6,700 flats in the first phase, 1,000 have already been constructed.Pardeshi said Pawar has directed PCNTDA and Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA) to implement the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258944", "title": "Man found hanging from tree", "text": "RANCHI: A 35-year-old man was found hanging from a tree at Nutan Colony in Doranda locality here on Tuesday morning. Suraj Ram was reportedly fed up with his life.City SP Vipul Shukla said the man had left a suicide note. \"The family members of the deceased have identified the handwriting,\" he added.Family members of the deceased said he was at home till late in the evening. \"He was not happy with his life. He must have left home late at night,\" said a family member. His house was full of family members so he did not attempt suicide at home, police said.A case of unnatural death has been registered with Doranda police station. The body has been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16259578", "title": "Transport union workers threaten stir", "text": "Hubli: The Karnataka Rajya Raste Sarige Nigamagala Karmika Sanghagala Janti Samiti has decided to stage an indefinite strike from September 13, if the government fails to fulfill their demands within September 10. Labourers' union leader K S Sharma told the media on Tuesday that the state road transport corporation's workers' union and the joint committee of trade unions, which consist KSRTC, BMTC, NWKRTC, and NEKRTC workers, will also join the protest. \"For the past 12 years, there has been no union election. Gratuity and pension are not given to the workers. The government must appoint a commission to study the problems of the workers in the state transport corporations,\" he said. The 42 demands put forward by the samiti are still pending before the government. All the demands have already been brought to the notice of the chief minister. However, no action has been taken so far, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258672", "title": "SP team beats a hasty retreat in Rae Bareli", "text": "LUCKNOW: The five-member panel of ministers and party office-bearers appointed by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who visited Rae Bareli on Tuesday witnessed unpleasant situation when SP MLA from Sareni Devendra Pratap Singh and his supporters fought a pitched battle with another rival group within the party.The panel was visiting the family members of Lalta Prasad Yadav who was allegedly crushed to death by a speeding dumper on July 20, 2012 in Khajorgaon village under Lalganj police station when some local party workers alleged that Lalta was murdered and that the case was not that of a road mishap, as being claimed. Pointing fingers towards Devendra Pratap, the party men alleged that incident was a result of dispute over illegal mining and Lalta Prasad was murdered by the accused to establish their supremacy over the illegal business in the region.The accusation left the supporters of Devendra Pratap so agitated that they targeted those who were claiming that Lalta Prasad was murdered and he did not die in a road mishap as being maintained by the local police. The situation turned precarious when the panel members themselves had a tough time keeping the warring groups away from each other, but were forced to beat a hasty retreat when the two sides refused to pay any heed to their intervention. A battery of police and administrative officials who were accompanying the panel too stood a mute witness to the exchange of blows, which continued for more than half an hour before the two sides parted.The panel later visited the family members of Dharmendra Yadav who was shot dead by the police on August 31. Before leaving Rae Bareli, the panel recommended an ex-gratia relief of Rs 3 lakh each to the kin of the deceased and a free house for the family of Lalta Prasad Yadav under the government housing scheme after the panel found that his parents were living in a kuchcha house. tnnChief minister Akhilesh Yadav had on Sunday appointed Shiv Pratap Yadav and Rammurti Verma (both ministers of state) and Pratapgarh MLA Nagnedra Yadav along with national and state president of SP student's wing Sunil Singh Yadav and Rajpal Kashyap respectively to visit Rae Bareli to look into the two incidents.The chief minister was prompted to appoint a panel to visit the two families supposedly following reports that Lalta Prasad Yadav - who supposedly died after being knocked off by a speeding dumper - was actually murdered in cold blood. Allegations were that sitting SP MLA was involved in the crime, but the local police and administrative officials could not dare to bare the truth and were allegedly dancing to the tunes of the MLA. The second incident took place on July 20, 2012 outside the Khajorgaon village under Lalganj police station of Rae Bareli.This incident too had triggered protests by locals who blocked the road for more than 10 hours demanding immediate arrest of the accused dumper driver and a thorough probe into the incident claiming that Lalta Prasad was killed as a part of a murder conspiracy and the crime was executed in such a way that it looked like a mishap. The protest was called off only after senior officials reached the site and assured a thorough probe followed by stringent police action against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257839", "title": "Sacked registrar in fray for old university post", "text": "CHENNAI: University of Madras former registrar T Leo Alexander, expelled from the post in June after being named in an examination scandal, is one of 18 candidates who will be in the running for his old job when the selection takes place on September 11.According to university sources, the selection panel has shortlisted Alexander and 17 others for the post despite the fact that an investigating committee held him and 51 staff members responsible for rigging the 2011 BE/BTech and distance education exams.An internal investigation by the university had named Alexander among others in its report on lapses in the examinations in May and June 2011. Vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam had constituted the K Subburaj committee to go into the allegations again after the S Karunanidhi committee in December 2011 found 30 officials responsible for the lapses including Alexander, then registrar and controller of examinations.The university relieved Alexander of the post of registrar and replaced him with Koteeswara Prasad, former head of the university's department of politics and public administration.Vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam refused to comment on Alexander's candidature after the selection panel shortlisted 18 candidates from 24 applicants for the post.A senior university official said the panel's approval of Alexander's application for the post of registrar was a violation of the university's code of conduct for selection panels. \"He was expelled from the post after he was found to have been involved in the exam scandal,\" the official said, adding that Alexander may be chargesheeted under Section 17 (B) of the Madras University Act.\"A senior syndicate member, quoting university rules, said selection panels for the key posts should reject the candidature of officials who are indicted for corruption, malpractice or any activity that damages the academic environment or dignity of the institution. \"The VC and the selection panel should have rejected his application,\" he said.While the VC's office was preparing Alexander's call letter for the interview, the Aludiapillai Commission, which continues with the probe, were conducting the final oral inquiries next door. The next logical step is disciplinary action against the chargesheeted officials .\"We have demanded that the VC remove Alexander from the post of exam controller, too, and transfer all the chargesheeted staff in the office of the controller of examinations. Now he is likely to get back his previous post though he still faces charges,\" said a senior professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262332", "title": "Salman Khan rocks the stage for Preity Zinta", "text": "That Salman Khan is a yaaron ke yaar and would go that extra mile for a friend, is well known. That he makes a cameo appearance in pal Preity Zinta's film Ishkq In Paris is also well-known. What is not known is that Salman not only plays himself, that is Salman Khan, in Preity's Parisian production, he also gives a live stage performance in Paris, singing in front of a 5,000-strong shrieking, cheering fans in Paris as he croons the Punjabi-bhangra number Kudiye di kurti.What's more, plans are now afoot to take Salman to Paris during the film's premiere for him to perform the song live on stage.Confirming Salman's presence, director Prem Raj says, \"Salman plays himself in Ishkq In Paris. He is the rocking superstar who visits Paris for a rocking stage performance to the beats of the song Kudiye di kurti. We couldn't think of anyone to perform the song. We've clearly said it's Salman rocking on stage.\"Efforts are on to take Salman to Paris for the film's premiere for a live performance provided Salman to find the window in his schedule to fly off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16259136", "title": "Agency to be set up for monitoring safety on houseboats", "text": "Alappuzha: Tourism minister A P Anilkumar said a monitoring agency will be set up in Alappuzha for ensuring the safety of tourists and houseboat employees.\"Tourism department will set up a monitoring agency with the support of revenue and port departments. Port minister K Babu on Monday assured that his department will inspect all houseboats in the district and take strict action against operators who flout existing norms,\" the minister said.\"We are planning to set up a training school for houseboat employees. The training will ensure that operators know how to respond during emergencies,\" the minister said.Alappuzha district collector P Venugopal said the district administration will hold a meeting on Wednesday to take immediate steps that will ensure the safety of tourists and houseboat employees. Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal will attend the meeting.\"Last year, nine tourists had lost their lives after they fell off houseboats in Alappuzha. This year two people have died. Majority of these cases have another common link - alcohol consumption. We will take necessary steps to prevent such incidents,\" said Alappuzha tourism police SI S Ganessan.\"The port department and tourism police inspected houseboats on Monday. The department has temporarily suspended registration certificates of 17 houseboats for not having insurance cover for the boats and licence for the crew. Some boats lacked lifesaving and fire fighting equipment,'' he said.ourism minister A P Anilkumar said a monitoring agency will be set up in Alappuzha for ensuring the safety of tourists and houseboat employees.\"The agency will be set up by tourism department with the support of revenue and port departments. Port minister K Babu on Monday assured that his department will conduct inspections in all the houseboats and actions will be taken against all the houseboat operators who run their boats flouting all the norms,\" the minister said.\"We are also planning to set up a training school for houseboat employees in Alappuzha. The school will provide training to ensure safety of houseboats including operating fire fighting equipments,\" the minister said.Alappuzha district collector P Venugopal said the district will hold a meeting on Wednesday to take immediate steps for ensuring the safety of tourists and houseboat employees. Union minister of state for power K C Venuugopal will preside over the meeting.\"Last year, as many as nine tourists have lost their lives after they fell off houseboats in Alappuzha. This year two people died. Majority fell off houseboats after consuming alcohol. We will take necessary steps for preventing such incidents with the support of houseboat owners association,'' said Alappuzha tourism police sub-inspector S Ganessan.\"The port department and tourism police started to inspect houseboats in Alappuzha on Monday. The department temporarily suspended registration certificates of 17 houseboats for not having insurance cover for the boats and licence for the crew. Some boats didn't have proper lifesaving and fire fighting equipments,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257300", "title": "Man killed by wife\u2019s ex-husband", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 23-year-old man was murdered by his wife's former husband in Petbasheerabad on Monday night. The victim was identified as Nagarjuna of Potunurpalli in Nellore district. In January, Nagarjuna married Susheela, 23, who had left her first husband Ramesh, two years ago. Nagarjuna and Susheela, with her two children, moved to the city from Nellore 10 days ago. They were staying in a rented accommodation at Padma Nagar in Petbasheerabad.Ramesh approached the family three days ago. \"Ramesh told Nagarjuna and Susheela that he was missing the children and wanted to spend some time with them. So, they allowed Ramesh to stay in the house for a few days,\" Petbasheerabad inspector B Janaiah said. On Monday, Ramesh picked up an argument with Nagarjuna and hit him thrice on the head with a pestle. \"With critical injuries, Nagarjuna died on the spot and Ramesh fled from the spot,\" the inspector said. Police booked a case against Ramesh under Section 302 (murder) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259055", "title": "Sikhs in Gujarat's Kutch face fear of displacement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They have created a little Punjab in the arid Kutch region of Gujarat. Now, a number of these Sikhs - who have made Gujarat their home over a period of almost five decades now - are faced with the fear of displacement.The Gujarat government has put a 'freeze' on the land-holdings of hundreds of farmers by invoking the Bombay Tenancy and Agricultural Lands Act, 1958, disabling the Punjab agriculturists from selling, buying or taking any loan or subsidy on their land.\"After working so hard for so many years we turned the barren land of Kutch into an oasis and now Gujarat government wants us to go,\" said Surender Singh, 61, who originally belongs to Fazilka district of Punjab and is a cotton farmer in Kutch. \"We are being treated by Gujarat government as if we don't belong there. It's almost the same way Biharis are being treated in Maharashtra,\" added Singh. A group of farmers from Kutch met Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and asked him to intervene in the matter.Punjabi farmers began settling in Kutch, along the border, after the Indo-Pakistan war of 1965 on the insistence of then Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri , who had felt that courageous men were needed close to the international border. \"The Gujarat high court has already given a decision in our favour but the Gujarat government has moved the Supreme Court. We are poor farmers and can't afford high fees required to fight the case in the apex court,\" said Prithavi Singh, 43, who originally belongs to a village in Sangrur district of Punjab.Gujarat government has already put a freeze on over 20,000 acres of land already affecting thousands of farmers.\"I sold off all my land in Mansa and moved to Kutch in early 80s. If I am ousted from my land in Gujarat I will have nowhere to go,\" said Dalip Singh, 70.Not only those from Punjab, a number of farmers from Haryana have also been migrating to Kutch lately and investing in land there.\"Land rates are still cheap in Gujarat. Even now one can buy an acre of land for just Rs 3 to 4 lakh which in Haryana and Punjab would cost over Rs 1 crore,\" said Satpal Gosain, who hails from Hisar district in Haryana.Shiromani Akali Dal spokesperson Balwant Singh Ramoowalia said that Punjab government would get in touch with Gujarat over the issue.\"The issue will be taken up with Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and BJP high command in Delhi,\" said Ramoowalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258724", "title": "Manohar Parrikar to dish out Laadli Laxmi letters this week", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will disburse the first batch of sanction letters of the Laadli Laxmi scheme to 585 beneficiaries at a function at Kala Academy, Panaji , on Thursday.Announcing this to the media on Tuesday, women and child development minister Dilip Parulekar said that the government has already entered into an agreement with three banks-Bank of India, State Bank of India and HDFC-to implement the scheme. The application forms have been made available in 164 branches of the three banks, Parulekar said.Under the scheme, any Goan girl completing 18 years of age on or after April 1, 2012 (birth date after April 1, 1994) is entitled to a fixed deposit of 1 lakh by the government in her name, which she can encash at the time of her marriage. Also, all girls above the age of 18 as on April 1, 2012 will receive a cheque of 1 lakh at the time of her marriage, the upper age limit being 40 years.Parulekar said that the Laadli Laxmi scheme has been devised to improve the state's sex ratio and empower the girl child's security, apart from brightening her future prospects. \"One lakh rupees is not sufficient for marriage expenses now. But at least it will reduce the burden of parents at the time of their daughter's marriage,\" Parulekar said.The minister said that the government has earmarked 150 crore as funds for the scheme during the current financial year 2012-13. Up to now, the government has distributed a total of 14,000 application forms in all 40 constituencies of Goa. The forms now available in banks are additional. The scheme will benefit a total of 15,000 girls in the current financial year, Parulekar said.Parulekar said it is not essential to get the signature of MLAs on the forms, but applicants can also get the signatures of district collectors or even gazetted officers. The forms will be submitted that at the office of women and child development at Shanta building in Panaji. After an uproar over distribution of forms through BJP legislators, the government decided to make the forms available in the three banks.From the 585 sanction letters to be disbursed on Thursday, the maximum beneficiaries (66 girls) are from Mandrem constituency. Other constituencies mentioned by Parulekar are Pernem (32), Sanvordem (34), Marcaim (41), Priol (34) and Bicholim (29).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256631", "title": "Need to prevent medical errors stressed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prevention of medical errors and importance on safety measures are the key issues which need immediate attention, felt everyone at the second international Congress on Patient Safety that concluded in the city recently. In the various sessions on the concluding day of the event, dignitaries felt that wrong medication, improper ailment detection and judgment errors while conducting tests were adversely affecting the health of a patient. Prevailing unhygienic conditions inside health centres were also affecting the quality of medical care, they said.K Hari Prasad, CEO central region, Apollo Hospitals said, \"It is important to acknowledge the fact that medical errors happen and we need to work towards preventing them. But whenever such situation takes place, there is a blame-game.Since the organisation has a key role to play, they along with their staff should analyse the patient's safety and also follow protocols systematically.\"In a session on \"Innovations and tools to remain patient safe 24X7\", Mahesh Vakamudi, COO, SRMC, Chennai threw light on the best practices to prevent patients from falling. He informed that in UK, 4.8 patients per 1,000 were susceptible to patient falls and said that aim should be to achieve only 0.1% of patient falls in each hospital.\"Fall prevention is not just the job of nurses but even the staff and the management. The top management should have a team dedicated to implement fall preventive strategies and measures. They should also educate the family members on how to avoid patient falls even after discharge,\" he said. According to him, patient falls can increase due to handrails in some cases, hence the fall-preventive measures should be customised as per each patient.Jugdiep Singh, MD, Apollo Hospitals, Ludhiana felt that safety measures should be a part of every organisation for their employees. He felt that the management should train their employees regularly on how to protect themselves in various situations. Dilip Mathai, professor of medicine, CMC Vellore shared that inappropriate and irrational usage of antibiotics and steroids was a cause of serious concern. He felt that the doctors should stick to prescribed guidelines and enhance the usage of microbiological tools in order to curtail the growth of drug-resistant micro-organisms.A resolution was passed at the end of the meet, wherein delegates representing various medical and health fields decided to lay more emphasis on patient safety programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bharat nagar", "code": "16259130", "title": "Colourful show marks thanksgiving at Government College for Women", "text": "BHARAT NAGAR: A thanksgiving function was organized at Government College for Women on Tuesday. Principal Gurminder Kaur addressed the students and said cultural activities play a prominent role in the overall development of students.The students presented a colourful performances, following the tradition of the college with great zeal and passion. Their performances were applauded by the council in charge Paramjit Kaur along with Sumeet Brar and Rashmi Grover. They encouraged the students to come forward to participate in such events in the future too. The function concluded with vote of thanks by vice-principal Sudarshan Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256970", "title": "Green murder to lay a cycling track in Hyderabad?", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was mounting pressure from the state government that led to the brutal murder of over 150 trees along the Hitex-HICC stretch over the weekend. In fact, the municipal corporation launched its hacking spree even before an official order was released by the tree protection committee, entrusted with the job of issuing such permissions. The order dated September 1 came almost 24 hours after many trees were already axed.But the callousness of the authorities does not end just here. As it turns out, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) moved in to hastily uproot this thick green cover to lay a cycling track for delegates attending October's biodiversity meet. Widening the road to ease congestion was only a part of the plan. \"The proposal (of a cycling track) was floated by GHMC during an organizing committee meeting for CoP-11. The utility of such a provision, for a short 19-day event, is highly questionable,\" said a government official present at the meeting.The tree protection committee, however, fails to find a problem with it. Instead, it's only apologetic for being unable to heed to GHMC's request to fell more trees for the cycling track. \"They (GHMC officials) had sought permission to axe 186 trees. But we could not agree to it. So now, there will be a zigzag track as against a straight one,\" said P V Ramana Reddy, conservator of forests and a primary member of the committee. He maintained that nod was given to fell only 66 trees and translocate 30. \"I do not think they have cut more than that,\" Reddy added.Environmentalists privy to the 'green murder' insist the number is more than 200. And that's not hard to believe given the lackadaisical attitude of the tree protection committee. While the body on paper comprises eight significant members from the government and civil society, it has made little impact on the ground since its inception in 2008.The committee held its last meeting in May (it is supposed to meet every month) and most of its members have no clue about the goings-on of the group. Even in the recent case, the sanction to fell a few dozen trees was given with consent from exactly two members of the body, apart from its convener D Nagabhusanam (district forest officer, Hyderabad). Farida Tampal (state director WWF) and V B J Chelikani (of United Federation of Residents' Welfare Associations) were the only other signatories. \"I attended the last meeting over a year ago. I have no idea about this development,\" said P Rajender Reddy, director, urban forestry (HMDA) and member of this committee. Representatives of Forum for a Better Hyderabad too admitted to being clueless about the heinous act.\"Everybody was informed about it, though only some could come for the inspection,\" the DFO claimed. He even insisted that a go-ahead from every member of the body was not required to sanction a felling permission. \"It is impossible since all members are not available all the time,\" Reddy added.This gap, according to Chelikani Rao, is rooted in the profile of people comprising the committee. With most of them (especially those from civil society groups) being senior citizens it is difficult for them to attend every meeting or inspection, he admits. \"The need, therefore, is to get such people who can participate in the proceedings of the committee more actively. That will help the body do a better job,\" Rao said.Meanwhile, security was beefed up in and around Hitex on Tuesday with 40-50 police personnel stationed at the site. Even guests and employees of HICC-Novotel were allowed inside only on producing ID-cards. Locals said that authorities had stalled the felling of trees but were seen clearing out the cut branches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257336", "title": "BRTS buses to run as \u2018I Bus\u2019", "text": "INDORE: 'I Bus.' This is the name by which all the BRT buses plying on 11.5 km pilot Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor would be known. This was decided in a board meeting of Atal Indore City Transport Corporation Ltd (AICTCL) held here on Tuesday. The board also proposed to change the name of Agra Bombay (AB) Road falling within city limits to Ahilya Bai Road.Joint collector and chairman of AICTCL, Chandramouli Shukla said, \"The board has agreed in principle the approval for naming the BRT bus as I Bus. AICTCL had started a campaign 'Name Your BRT buses' wherein people were asked to suggest the names. As many as 806 names were suggested by the Indoreans, out of which the name suggested by Navita Gyan Chandani of Shreenagar was approved by the board.\" Shukla said now they will work on the font and design of the logo and tagline for the bus service. It will be then presented before the board in next meeting. Meanwhile, the board also approved tender for United Kingdom (UK) based company Serco Pvt Ltd as operator of the bus service of BRTS.\"We have an international company as an operator of the bus service. They are operating metro and buses in different parts of the country and they will bring their expertise with them,\" said Shukla adding that the association of Serco will add value to the BRT service. Shukla said that once it gets IMC nod, AB Road, on which BRTS construction is going on, will be known as Ahilya Bai road. The idea has been inspired from Ahmedabad where the BRTS roads are named as Jan Marg. Ring Road and By Pass Road from Manglia to Rao is a part of the AB Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16261117", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger did not show the real Sallu, my film will: Sajid Nadiadwala", "text": "Having said that, Sajid Nadiadwala promises that his maiden directorial Kick will showcase the actor in a way the audience will rememberSajid Nadiadwala is turning to direction. And he is both excited and nervous. \"I may have spent 25 years in the industry as a producer, but I feel like a debutant today,\" claims the filmmaker since as a producer he only had to work with his mind but direction 'comes from the soul'. Moreover, the film stars his old friend Salman Khan . And presenting the star in a way his fans would want to see is not easy.But Sajid is confident about the venture that has been his 'baby since the word - go'. \" Ek Tha Tiger is one of the biggest grosser but Salman's fans felt they didn't get enough of the superstar. I wouldn't like to comment on someone else's film. But as far as Kick is concerned, I want to make sure it has some great moments for the audience to remember,\" he tells TOI.The filmmaker claims that his friendship with Salman over the last two decades will add value to his maiden directorial. \"Our journey together and the comfort level we share is important. Also, we have great chemistry, and that is something I want the audience to see through this film. This is my directorial debut, so I want to make it extra special for the people\" he explains.  In fact, Sajid tells us that it was Salman who pushed him into direction and adds, \"Since Judwaa , which we made in 1996, he's been telling me I should direct a film. Of course, I wasn't ready then but that's never stopped him from suggesting it every now and then. When we decided to make Kick together, he brought it up once more. He told me that it was now or never to take the plunge.\"Incidentally his close friend Farah Khan's husband Shirish Kunder was to direct the film earlier. But Sajid claims, his sudden change of heart has not soured their relationship. \"Shirish is a very cool guy and has a mind of his own. We parted ways mutually and amicably. He even told me that if I need any assistance, he's there to help. As far as Farah is concerned, she is my rakhi sister and I consider her my family. I would never ever think of hurting her and she knows that. In fact, she even sent me an SMS congratulating me,\" he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257874", "title": "Raid against idols made of plaster of paris", "text": "CHENNAI: Ahead of Vinayaka Chathurthi, police have intensified checks against idols made of plaster of paris (PoP), particularly in North Chennai areas like Vysarpadi, Kodungaiyur, Kosapet and MKB Nagar.During one such raid near the Vyasarpadi Jiva railway station on Monday, police arrested Somaram (52) and Beeman (32) of Rajasthan and seized 20 POP idols. They were later let off on bail. \"We asked them to stop making PoP idols,\" assistant commissioner of police Govi Manoharan saidPolice continue to issue guidelines to idol-makers saying the idols should be made of eco-friendly items and should not exceed 11 feet in height.\"Though these are the usual guidelines, we keep reminding them,\" said a police officer. He said that this time, in many of the places raided, they found all idols had been made of clay and paper pulp, in accordance with the government regulations.\"We found that they were using natural colours, extracted from certain types of leaves, to paint the idols. We normally conduct raids on specific complaints,\" he added. In Kosapet, the city's hub for making Vinayaka idols and where more than 200 families have been engaged in the business for generation, all the artisans were found to be abiding by the regulations imposed.Given the increasing contamination of most water bodies in the city, where the idols will be immersed, the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) has asked artisans to use clay and water-based colours instead of harmful materials and paints to make idols.\"The immersion of idols made of lead-based paint and POP pollutes water bodies. The board has been asking residents to buy idols of raw clay and avoid immersing painted idols in lakes,\" said a TNPCB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16258945", "title": "Palamu Police stage flag march in Chhaterpur", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu police on Tuesday staged flag march in communally-tense Chhaterpur, located 48 km from Daltonganj on NH-98. This was the second flag march staged by security forces at Chhaterpur in the past 24 hours.Palamu SP A T Mathew said if necessary police would propose to the civil administration to impose prohibitory orders under Section 144 of CrPC in the area. The situation is being reviewed very closely, he said.Palamu DC Pooja Singhal and the SP outlined the measures taken at Chhaterpur to defuse the situation there. Chhaterpur has been tense since August 17 after a girl belonging to the majority community and youth of the minority community disappeared together.Mathew said the majority community believes the girl, who is minor, was kidnapped by the youth.\"An FIR was lodged and four people from the minority community were named accused out of which one, Aslam Ansari, has been arrested,\" Mathew said.ADM Ranjan Chowdhury has been ordered to camp at Chhaterpur from Tuesday till normalcy returns there, the DC said.An anti-riot vehicle, besides fire tenders and water canons are also being sent there, the SP said. The situation took a turn for the worse on September 3 when two youths identified as Mustafa Ansari and Shakeel Ansari were caught with illegal weapon near the house of a relative of the missing girl. Mathew said the two were caught and sent to jail the same day. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258510", "title": "Setback in HC blast case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major blow to the National Investigation Agency (NIA), a trial court on Tuesday dropped the stringent charges related to \"waging of war against the nation\" against Wasim Akram Malik, a key accused in the 2011 Delhi HC blast case, saying the agency's plea to prosecute him for those offences was \"devoid of merit\".\"In my view, the explosion of the bomb at Gate Number 5 of Delhi high court and subsequent assertion of the person sending the email, by itself do not, even for the purpose of framing charges, make out offences under these three sections. It cannot be said the act had been committed to 'wage a war' against the Government of India,\" said special NIA judge H S Sharma.He dropped the charges under Section 121A (conspiracy to wage war against the nation), 122 (collecting arms with intention to wage war against the nation) and 123 (concealing with intent to facilitate design to wage war) against Malik.The judge, however, ordered framing of charges against him for offences punishable under Section 120B (criminal conspiracy), 440 (mischief committed after preparation made for causing death or hurt), 436 (mischief by fire or explosive substance), 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder), 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 323 (causing hurt) of the IPC.It also ordered framing of charges under various sections of the Explosive Substance Act and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, including being a member of a banned terrorist outfit, against the accused after finding prima facie evidence of his role in the September 7, 2011, terror attack at the reception of HC, in which 15 persons were killed and 79 were injured.Declining the agency's plea to prosecute Malik for the offences relating to waging war against India, the court said such offences \"required something more\" than the evidence at hand. It reasoned that simply because an email referring to the release of Parliament attack case convict Afzal Guru was sent after the blast, does not mean the offence against the state was committed. The evidence, even at the stage of framing of charges for the offence had to be clear and commensurate with the requirement of these sections, it added. The court has fixed September 18 for formal framing of charges against Malik.The court questioned why the NIA did not \"bank upon\" the sketch prepared by Delhi Police on the basis of the description by an injured witness, for finding the person who placed the bomb.The NIA had filed a chargesheet against six people; three of the accused, Malik, Amir Abbas Dev and a minor have been arrested. The other accused, Amir Kamal, Junaid Akram Malik, and Shakir Hussain Seikh alias Chhota Hafiz, suspected members of banned terror outfit Hizbul Mujahideen are evading arrest. The minor's case is being adjudicated separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16259317", "title": "Strict security measures for Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two Chetak helicopters for surveillance, two MI 8/17 helicopters for rescue operations, two teams of para-commandos, sniper apparatus for STF/ATS personnel, vehicle navigation system with GPS &amp; control room, hot air balloons as surveillance posts. Sure, the administration is taking no chances with the security for the mega assemblage of devotees at the forthcoming Mahakumbh.With the mela beginning January 14, the state police administration has come up with an elaborate security plan that includes round-theclock deployment of National Security Guard (NSG) commandos, several companies of Central Reserve Police Force and Rapid Action Force (RAF), sniper teams, antimines and bomb disposal squads, rescue teams including expert swimmers/divers and flood rescue personnel.Anticipating that around 3.5 crore people would visit the mela on the occasion of Mauni Amavasya alone, security personnel equipped with sophisticated instruments like miniature surveillance cameras, cyber interceptors &amp; surveillance software, bullet-proof jackets and helmets, ballistic eye protector goggles, tactical gloves, shoes and bags along with assault &amp; Swiss rifles and GPS locator would be deployed at all strategic locations in the mela area as well as the city.Talking to TOI, DIG (Allahabad Range) N Raviendra said: \"We are not taking any chances elaborate security arrangements would be made for the security and safety of visitors and the entire sangam and adjoining areas would be turned into a fortress during the Mahakumbh. He added that a large posse of 30,000 policemen including para - paramilitary personnel commandos would be assigned specific duties to protect pilgrims and sangam area.With a total of 10 crore pilgrims are expected to take a dip in the sangam during the entire mahakumbh, a tight security blueprint is being prepared by senior cops with adequate companies of paramilitary forces would be deployed for the same. Pointedly, Hindu devotees believe that during Mahakumbh, bathing in the sangam washes away people's sins, over 10 crore are projected to take a holy dip during Mahakumbh 2013.While over 120 CCTV parties (personnel) would be keeping a strict eye on each and every visitor and these CCTV sets would be installed at strategic places. Security officials would be given binoculars and night vision devices to keep a close eye on all activities during the mega event. Similarly, tactical communicative equipments would also be taken for enhancing the security grill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258597", "title": "Landslide on Ahmedabad highway", "text": "MUMBAI: The heavy trains over two days triggered a landslide on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway at Varai village near Manor on Tuesday morning, affecting traffic for over three hours.As heavy machines cleared the muck on the carriageway leading to Gujarat, motorists were allowed to use the opposite lane, slowing down city-bound traffic too.No injuries were reported when the landslip occurred around 9am at Waghobakind as heavy rain and poor visibility had slowed down vehicles. The area is prone to landslides during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16258686", "title": "Belgium woman's Siolim house burgled", "text": "MAPUSA: A Belgium national, Van Devderen Ira Alois, 46, staying at Siolim, complained to the Anjuna police that her house was burgled and goods worth 80,000 were stolen.Alois told the police that sometime between August 21 and September 3, the unknown accused effected entry into her house through the main door and stole a laptop, three iPhones, silver jewellery and cash of 25,000.A case of theft has been registered under Sections 454, 457 and 380 of the IPC. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16258703", "title": "Cops to manage plaza during toll holiday", "text": "GURGAON: With the Punjab and Haryana high court's order barring toll collection at the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway plaza for 15 days coming into effect from Tuesday midnight, Gurgaon traffic police have deployed a special team to ensure its implementation and managing traffic.\"A team of 10 policemen will be on duty at the toll plaza to ensure implementation of the court order. Additional staff will be there to manage the traffic as well,\" said Bharti Arora, DCP (traffic).Arora added that the order is a victory for the city residents and commuters who have suffered in long queues on a daily basis. \"It is a victory for us as well. The concessionaire had moved the high court accusing traffic police of removing the toll barriers forcibly to give free passage to commuters during peak hours. We have maintained that barriers were thrown open for short durations to avoid long queues,\" Arora said.Private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), has claimed that the order will lead to a monetary loss of about Rs 9 crore. Daily toll collection at the plaza ranges between Rs 55 lakh and Rs 60 lakh, said a DGSCL spokesperson. Around 1.9 lakh vehicles cross this toll plaza daily.Meanwhile, in their status report to the HC, traffic police have maintained that the private concessionaire has not implemented the order in letter and spirit and committed contempt of court. Police further stated that experiments carried out by DGSCL by installing seven temporary booths with hand-held machines did not help in decongesting the toll plaza.The court order has been welcomed by the Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti, a citizens' group which has been pushing for removal of the toll plaza. \"The order is in the right direction. City residents have suffered enough and the concessionaire has exploited us for years. It charged money but didn't provide any facility to commuters. We will continue with our demand of doing away of tolling system altogether. A large scale demonstration will be held in September to mobilize public in this direction,\" said a spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16258804", "title": "Mid-day meal van crushes 2-yr-old to death", "text": "GURGAON: A two-year-old girl died after she was run over by a ration delivery van on Tuesday. The van delivers food in local government schools, under the mid-day meal scheme. Pataudi police have lodged an FIR against the driver who is currently absconding. The accused has been identified as Sunil Kumar, resident of Ghari-Harsaru village. The incident took place in Jataula village on Monday morning around 9.45 am. According to the police, Amita Saini, a resident of Jataula village, was visiting the government primary school in her village from where she had undertaken her teacher's training course. ,On Monday, Amita came to the school to collect her experience certificate and she had got her two-year-old daughter Nisha along with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258343", "title": "Garden department reeling under staff crunch", "text": "NAGPUR: NMC's garden department is reeling under acute manpower crunch. With 123 of 273 posts in the department lying vacant, 47 more were shifted to other departments recently. The posts were sanctioned when the number of parks or gardens was 42. But now the number has reached 62 spread over 100 acres in various localities in the city.The transfers of labourers who maintain gardens have hit the maintenance work hard. There are 115 sanctioned posts of labourers in the department of which 47 were lying vacant. Of the remaining, 33 labourers have been transferred.What's worse, only three guards are deployed to protect the 62 gardens in city. The shortage of guards has also increased incidents of theft in the gardens. Admitting this, a senior officer said that recently a water pump was stolen from Jaripatka's Mahavir Nagar garden.Similarly, three posts of garden inspectors, against a sanctioned strength of five, are vacant. Now, both the existing inspectors have divided five zones each to ensure monitoring the gardens. Most of the time both were busy in administrative works, said the source.To ensure garden infrastructure is in good condition, NMC had created two posts of carpenters and both the posts are lying vacant. All the 19 posts of head malis are also vacant. The only sanctioned post of fitter has been vacant for many years.The condition of gardens can be improved and the city's greenery can be restored if there is no manpower crunch, said a senior garden department official.Reacting to this criticism, a senior official said, \"NMC has limited staff and 62 gardens are spread over 100 acres to maintain. Considering the insufficient manpower, employees of the civic body now manage only few of the gardens while a few of them were managed by contractors.\" Many of the gardens were crying for attention.Environmental activist Shrikant Deshpande said that lack of manpower in this department will derail mayor Anil Sole's 'Green City Dream City' project. According to Deshpande, the NMC should not ignore this department. \"Once known for greenery, the city will lose its green cover,\" he said.Hence, the department could not check on illegal tree felling and chocking of trees, he said.\"Garden maintenance will improve once recruitment for these posts is done, but till then we have to face the criticism,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259487", "title": "Dr Anmol Rattan is assistant solicitor general", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City-based senior advocate Dr Anmol Rattan has been appointed as Assistant Solicitor General (ASG) of India.An order in this regard has been issued by the President of India on Tuesday and Sidhu would remain on the post for a period of three years from September 1.Dr Sidhu is the designated senior advocate in the Punjab &amp; Haryana high court since 2007 and has been additional advocate general in the office of Advocate General, Haryana.He has also remained president of the Punjab and Haryana high court bar association for four consecutive terms and also remained as the chairman of the bar council of Punjab and Haryana.He has handled numbers of important cases of the Government of India and Punjab and Haryana.Being Assistant Solicitor General of India, Sidhu would be representing the Union government in the cases pertaining to the central government departments and Union ministries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258230", "title": "BSF maps vulnerable spots along border with Pak, Bangladesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Border Security Force (BSF) identified spots along India's boundary with Pakistan and Bangladesh vulnerable to crime, illegal migration and border firing. The highest number of such spots is in West Bengal on the eastern side and Jammu and Punjab on the western border.Along the 2,308 km border with Pakistan, there are 51 vulnerable BOPs \u2014 28 in Jammu and 23 in Punjab.Jammu's BOPs are vulnerable to firing from Pakistan, said a senior BSF officer. Between July 27, when a 450m tunnel was detected in J&amp; K's Samba district, and August 21, there were 10 instances of ceasefire violations by Pakistan along the international border.Smuggling of narcotics and weapons were detected through Punjab's vulnerable BOPs.The BSF plans to build 286 more border outposts \u2014 198 along India's border with Bangladesh and 88 with Pakistan.Along the 4,096.70 km India-Bangladesh border, the BSF marked 112 of its 987 border outposts (BOPs) spread across five states as vulnerable. Of them, more than half \u2014 67 \u2014 are along Bengal's 2,200 km border with Bangladesh. They are hotbed of infiltration, human trafficking, cattle smuggling and circulation of fake Indian currency notes. Two months ago, BSF seized smuggled gold worth about 60 lakh near Petrapole in Bengal, said a source.Between January-July 31, BSF arrested 591 infiltrators on the India-Bangladesh border. Of them, 397 were arrested in Bengal, 113 in Tripura and 22 in Assam.The BSF identified 11 vulnerable BOPs in Assam, 13 in Meghalaya, one in Mizoram and two in Tripura.The major problem in Assam's 11 vulnerable BOPs is circulation of fake Indian notes and cattle smuggling, especially in Dhubri, said a BSF officer.\"After the vulnerability mapping, we have mobilized extra resources, including more weapons, ammunition and vehicles, to these BOPs,\" said a BSF officer. These spots would be under surveillance for 24 hours.Home ministry sources said fencing and joint patrolling by BSF and Border Guards Bangladesh could help in curbing infiltration and border crimes. \"But, Bangladesh is not forthcoming on joint patrolling,\" said an officer.India has shared a list of touts, smugglers, criminals and vulnerable BOPs with Bangladesh. \"But, they do not share intelligence with us,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257433", "title": "Mumbai rain holds up Pune-bound trains", "text": "PUNE: Train services between Mumbai and Pune were disrupted for the second day on Tuesday. Several trains from Mumbai arrived late at Pune station because of heavy rain in Mumbai.According to the railway officials, trains were about an hour late than their schedule timings. However, none of the trains was cancelled.Trains were delayed by 30 minutes to one hour on Monday. due to heavy rainfall in Mumbai. Railway officials said water logging of the tracks was a problem on some stretches of the tracks near Kalyan in Mumbai division on Tuesday.Trains that were late included Mumbai-bound intercity trains like Sinhagad, Pragati and Deccan Queen as well as several long-distance trains travelling to southern destinations via Pune.Trains leaving from Pune station to Mumbai were unaffected. They were delayed after they reached Mumbai area, officials said.The administration was at work since Monday to maintain the schedules of Mumbai-bound trains and long-distance trains departing Mumbai. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16257971", "title": "Pilgrims cut short visit to Velankanni", "text": "TRICHY: A pilgrimage to Velankanni and Poondi Matha basilicas in central Tamil Nadu turned out to be a nightmare for a group of Sri Lankan nationals. With cadres of pro-Eelam groups mobbing them at both shrines and along the route, the 184 pilgrims cut short their visit and left India by a special flight on Tuesday night.Even their departure was laced with drama and tension after protestors attacked them enroute to Trichy airport on Tuesday. The police escort provided to their seven vehicles ensured that none of them were injured, but at least one bus was damaged.The panic-stricken pilgrims, including 83 women and 36 children, were brought to the airport by 2.45pm on Tuesday and lodged at the cargo terminal of the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257898", "title": "Doctors correct eye deformity in 9-year-old through mouth", "text": "CHENNAI: People cringing at the sight of his face was a reaction nine-year-old Suhail Khan had got accustomed to. Suhail, hailing from Kadapa in Andhra Pradesh, was born with excess bone between his eyes, increasing the distance between the sockets to 50mm, over 2cm more than normal, which made his nose appear broad, flat and deformed.He also had problems with proper coordinated vision. \"We approached several doctors with the problem but drew a blank. Our finances were fast running out due to Suhail's medical expenses. He was also becoming moody and more conscious of his deformity,\" said 39-year-old Aftas, Suhail's father.Caught between the pincer of a looming monetary crisis and anxiety over Suhail's fast waning self-esteem, Aftas, a local goldsmith with primary school education, went to several specialists. Finally, it was a chance encounter with a distant relative, a physician from Chennai, which brought a ray of hope into their lives.\"Suhail's parents brought him to us two months ago, after he was referred by a Chennai-based physician from Vijayawada,\" said Dr S M Balaji of Balaji Dental and Craniofacial Hospital, who, along with a team, undertook the 10-hour surgery.\"It was challenging, as we were dealing with sensitive organs like the eyes and the brain. Moreover, we had to cut open the skull and lift the brain from the base of the skull,\" the surgeon added.Doctors approached the eye socket from inside the mouth through deep below the upper lip to avoid scarring, and brought the eyes together to a normal distance while re-contouring the upper half of Suhail's flattended face, the doctor explained.When asked if he felt any different after the surgery, Sohail smiled, undeterred by the sutures on his face. \"I can see the blackboard more clearly now and soon I won't have to answer questions about my face.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259343", "title": "Panjab University election: No 'party colour\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In Panjab University, election campaigning is like a fiesta, with party workers canvassing in open jeeps displaying banners, while making a 'political' fashion statement in the 'politicos' trademark white kurta pyjamas.And this is one time of the year when student leaders promise lots of improvement and changes in the university. Whether those promises are fulfilled or not is another matter though.At MCM DAV College, elections are held strictly as per the eligibility criteria given by Panjab University. Besides the basic criteria for contesting an election, attendance is one factor that is given due importance. And a student contesting election in MCM DAV College needs to have a minimum of 75% attendance. There are no rallies and there is no real campaigning on the college campus. What they have by way of campaigning are handmade posters in support of the candidates.The students have mixed feelings about this scenario. \"It is good that there is no party system in our college. And it is because of this that student union elections are held peacefully,\" says Diksha Prasad, a BA-III student of MCM DAV College. \"If Panjab University election is like a fair, there is not much involvement of students in our college campus elections\", says Neha Bhaskar, a BA-I student of MCM DAV College. \"Attendance alone cannot be the deciding factor of a good leader,\" says Chhabika Mittal, another BA-III student of MCM DAV college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258042", "title": "Kandivli woman loses 1.2L in email scam", "text": "MUMBAI: A 32-year-old man from Indore in Madhya Pradesh has been arrested for allegedly duping a student in Kandivli (E) of Rs 1.2 lakh through an email lottery scam. The police are now looking for three to four more persons in the case.In The case dates back to February, the 26-year-old Kandivli resident received an email from one Arick Donald, saying who claimed to be a senior official with Microsoft. In his email, Donald informed the victim that she had won a lottery of Rs 5 crore and asking her to provide her personal details such as cellphone number, bank account number and address. The victim replied to the email and sent her personal details.\"On February 16, Donald told her he was in Delhi with her prize money. He said he had been detained at the airport for non-payment of Customs duty and asked her to deposit Rs 24,500 in a bank account,\" said an officer from the cyber cell of the Mumbai police.Without informing her family, The victim deposited the money, following which Donald called her again and told her to pay a conversion charge of Rs 93,000 as the prize money was in dollars. He told her to deposit the cash in an account in a multi-national bank in Lokhandwala. , Andheri.Two days after the victim deposited the amount, she received a letter from Donald. The letter, which carried an RBI logo, stated that she must pay Rs 3.9 lakh to the Indian's government's revenue and finance department. as she had won a lottery of Rs 5 crore.The victim confided in her friends who realized that she had fallen victim to the email lottery scam. \"She then lodged a complaint. \"During the probe,We traced one of the bank accounts to Raj Kumar Tagela in Indore and arrested him,\" said the officer.Investigators suspect that the scam's mastermind could be a Nigerian national beneficiary of a fake international lottery scam was arrested by the Mumbai Cyber police on Tuesday. Raj Kumar Tagela a resident of Indore in Madhya Pradesh was arrested after the cyber police probing the scam traced one of his bank accounts where the victim deposited the money and was withdrawn.Police are now looking for three to four persons involved in the scam. The modus operandi of the accused was to send email to several people informing them that they had won Rs 5 crore lottery. Once the victim showed interest, the accused would send them bogus letters of foreign banks and multinational companies and would extract huge sum on the pretext of paying custom duty and other related expenses.A 26- year old student and resident of Kandivli east lodged a complaint saying in February this year she received an email about winning Rs 5 crore lottery from one Arick Donald claiming to be a senior official from Microsoft.The email sender had asked the complainant to send her personal details such as mobile number, bank account number, address and age which she provided. On February 16, Donalad called her up claiming to have landed up in Delhi with her prize but the cash was stuck at the Delhi airport for non-payment of customs duty. He asked the victim to deposit Rs 24,500 in a certain bank account.'' Said an officer. Without informing any member of her family she deposited the money hoping to get the prize but within few days Donald again called her and told her that customs have cleared the money but as the cash was in US dollars she has to pay a currency conversion charge of Rs 93,000.Donald than asked to to deposit the amount in an account in a multinational bank in Lokhandwala in Andheri. She deposited it. Within two days Donald send a letter through email which had a RBI logo. The letter stated that as she has won Rs 5 crore she was liable to pay a sum of Rs 3.90 lakh to the Revenue and finance department of Government of India. She suspected foul play and told her friends who found it to be a lottery scam. She lodged a complaint and during the course of investigations we traced the two bank account belonging to one in Andheri and second to Tagela in Indore,'' said another officer. Police believe the master mind could be the Nigerian nationals who operates in a similar fashion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16260146", "title": "Helmet gives fighter pilots \u2018X-ray\u2019 vision", "text": "London: A new 'Top Gun' Xray helmet for fighter pilots can allow them to see through their aircraft walls, even if they are looking down.The Striker helmet, made by a UK firm, interacts with cameras dotted all over the plane. Sensors in the helmet are able to tell exactly where the pilot is looking.When matched up with cameras around the plane, the helmet system is able to superimpose a picture from the outside of the plane onto the pilots display, allowing them to see through the plane, the BBC news said. \"If a pilot wears a Striker helmet \u2014 essentially a helmet with an integrated display - when he sees something on the ground he can just turn his head, put a symbol across on to the point of interest, press a button, and the system will calculate the object's co-ordinates ,\" Alan Jowett of BAE Systems said.The technology can even pass the information to a weapon such as an unmanned drone, said Peter Robbie, vice-president of business development at European aerospace and defence firm EADS.\"The UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) would be an additional weapons carrier, and the pilot could pass targeting information to it. So if he sees a target, by pressing a button it would become the unmanned vehicle's target,\" Robbie said. \"The pilot could authorize it to drop a missile and then monitor through his helmet where it is going to go,\" he said.The Striker helmet can also be fitted with dual night vision goggles, and BAE says it is even developing a 3D audio system to allow pilots to hear information from all around them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258612", "title": "UP's industrial policy aims at 11.2% growth", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eyeing a growth rate of 11.2%, with a focus on removing regional imbalances in industrial development, the Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Tuesday cleared the final draft of the Industrial and Service Sector Investment Policy 2012.Among the major provisions of the new industrial policy, the state government has cleared 100% exemption of stamp duty for industrial units in Poorvanchal, Madhyanchal and Bundelkhand. A 100% exemption in tax will also be given to infrastructure facilities like roads, power, wholesale, trans-shipment centres, warehousing, information technology and cold storages, among others.Among other measures taken by the government to attract new industry and arrest the migration of existing units to other states, the industrial policy has created an enabling system under which mega projects will be treated on a case-to-case basis. Gupta said, \"To attract mega projects into the state, the tenets of the policy need not, necessarily, apply. Depending on the sops being offered to the projects by the neighbouring states, the government may choose to make special offers. This, though, will only apply to mega projects.\"For generating employment opportunities in the state, the new industrial policy will also see the launch of a special EPF Reimbursement Scheme. Under this scheme, units that employ 100 or more labourers will be eligible for reimbursement of 50% of EPF contribution paid by the units to their workers, for a period of 3 years.Speaking on the sidelines of the cabinet meeting, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta said, \"Since the implementation of the policy involves at least 10 government departments, operationalising the policy may take up to a month-and-half. We will, however, start issuing the government orders pertaining to each department immediately after the minutes of the cabinet are made available.\"The new ISSIP 2012 will also launch the new capital interest subsidy scheme, under which new industrial units that are set up in Central, East and Bundelkhand regions will be eligible for a reimbursement of 5% on interest rate of loan taken for plant and machinery. A maximum of Rs 50 lakh will be given to entrepreneurs for a period of five years. An infrastructure-interest subsidy scheme will also provide a reimbursement of 5% on interest rate of loan taken for developing infrastructure facilities for self use-roads, sewer, drainage systems and power lines. \"Industrial estates being developed by private sector will also get reimbursement of 25% in stamp duty,\" he added.The overarching industrial policy, which will cover aspects of solar, IT and food processing sectors as well, also aims to improve the quality of products. For this purpose, the policy has devised a mechanism called the industrial quality development subsidy scheme, under which reimbursement will be provided at the rate of 5% on interest rate of loan taken for establishing testing labs, quality certification lab and tool-rooms. A maximum of Rs 1 crore will be paid under this scheme for a period of 5 years.Apart from implementing the scheme of Government of India to promote Micro, Small and Medium units, the industrial policy has also made provisions to promote the MSME sector, especially the traditional crafts, in UP.Once implemented, UP government will also undertake an aggressive marketing strategy, where the policy document and the government orders pertaining to its implementation will be disseminated in other Indian states and abroad. For this, officials of the department of industries will undertake tours to US, Europe, Singapore as well states like Gujarat and Kerala to invite and attract industry into UP.Mega projects to be dealt with on a case-to-case basisTraditional craft clusters - lock, brass, marble and perfume industries - to be given special assistance. Provisions made to assist them with capital, new designs and in marketingProvisions made for reducing regional imbalances - 100% stamp duty waiver for industrial units in Bundelkhand, Madhyanchal and Poorvanchal regionSops to be offered in line with those being offered by neighbouring statesPolicy to be operationalised through government orders issued by different departments in one and a half monthsThe industrial policy will also act as a guide to the informational technology, solar energy and food processing sectors, each of which will also be covered under a concerted policy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257501", "title": "Sri Lankan Tamil issue: Vying for political points, Tamil Nadu parties silent on attacks", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when there is hardly a ripple on the political horizon, the Sri Lankan Tamil issue has come as a handy tool for political parties in Tamil Nadu. The stand of the ruling AIADMK and the opposition DMK has inspired smaller parties and pro-Tamil outfits to step up their aggression against visiting Sri Lankan dignitaries and tourists.There have been at least three incidents of intimidation before Monday's Thanjavur episode, but there have been no statements of condemnation by any of the major political parties, which have merely kept up a chorus against Sri Lankan defence personnel being trained in India. Most of the political parties have been trying to whip up Tamil sentiments and trying to outdo each other in scoring political points.Only the CPM has come out hard against such political posturing and expressed concern over the \"hostility\" towards the visiting Sri Lankan in TN. In a statement on Tuesday, the CPM politburo said nothing should be done to disturb people-to-people relations whatever be the Lankan government's approach towards the Tamil issue.\"Whatever the differences and opposition that exists regarding the Sri Lankan government's approach to the Tamil question in Sri Lanka, nothing should be done to disturb people-to-people relations,\" the statement issued in Delhi said. It was \"very unfortunate\" that two football teams consisting schoolboys from Sri Lanka were sent back from TN \"at the instance of the state government,\" the party said.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa, in line with her strong anti-Lanka stand, had on Sunday ordered that the two football teams from Sri Lanka be sent back. One team had flown down to Chennai and played a friendly match with the customs department. A Lankan school-level football team was also asked to leave. Tamil Nationalist Movement Leader and LTTE supporter Pazha Nedumaran even congratulated the CM and termed it \"a bold decision\".In a sudden volte face, the DMK sought to strike a different note on Tuesday by slamming the AIADMK government for sacking the sports official. However, no condemnation has been forthcoming from the party on the incidents of heckling of Sinhala pilgrims. Party chief M Karunanidhi told reporters, \"All that we can insist is that there should be no military training to Sri Lankan personnel in India as the military was responsible for the death of civilian Tamils (during the armed conflict). That is what we have been striving for and even stoutly opposing in Parliament.\" He said it is usual for sportsmen, especially cricketers from both nations, to travel to either country to play matches as the Indian cricket team is all set to travel to the island nation for the ensuing T20 World Cup.In Delhi, DMK MPs met defence minister A K Antony and demanded that the training programme for Sri Lankan army personnel in India be halted. \"Such acts will create doubts in the minds of people of Tamil Nadu about the government's intentions,\" the MPs said in a memorandum handed over to Antony during the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257652", "title": "Ayush doctors on indefinite strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Ayush doctors including ayurveda, unani, siddha, homeopathy, naturopathy and yoga have decided to go on indefinite strike in the state from Wednesday to press their long pending demands.Around 24,000 Ayush doctors are demanding filling up of vacant posts, better pay scales and post-graduate course for Ayush in the state. All the clinics run by Ayush doctors are likely to affected by the strike.\"Ayush doctors have been discriminated and deprived of the opportunities compared to their counterparts. Our demands are just and aimed at improving health services in the state,\" said AYUSH doctors federation state president, Dr Ajay Awasti.There are about 20,000 ayurveda and homeopathy doctors in the state, besides some 2,400 unani practitioners.Ayush federation claimed that some 2,400 posts in primary and community health centres are vacant, apart from some 600 posts in national rural health mission ( NRHM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16259913", "title": "Varanasi\u2019s own tea party", "text": "VARANASI: City of temples is known for its tea kiosks as well. While thousand of tea stalls have sprouted in the city, some tea shops are still known for their unconventional style of making and serving tea.When TOI tried to take a stock of some of the crowded tea joints, interesting facts surfaced. While the prominent tea shops of the city were found to be more than 50 years old, their method of preparation and serving tea and their regular customers were also different from each other. The 80 year old tea shop near Asi crossing is the most thronged tea joint of the city. According to the tea shop owner, Manoj Singh, he makes around 700 to 750 glasses of tea every day. Interestingly, the method of preparation is somewhere between that of liquor tea and filter tea, which he has learnt from his grandfather who started the teashop. Instead of making a pot of tea, each glass is prepared individually.The glasses are arranged in an assembly line fashion. First a spoonful of sugar is put in each glass, followed by hot milk. Boiling water is then poured slowly over the soaked tea leaves from a tea sock. The tea sock is quickly passed over the glasses with one hand while hot water is poured from a kettle in the other hand. Notably, according to visitors at the tea joint, the style of making tea is not ordinary and does not results in acidity and few stomach problems that tea leaves can cause. Interestingly, apart from the tea's unique method of preparation, the joint is a gathering place for several scholars, students, teachers, writers and locals, who throng every morning and evening and involve themselves in discussion on several issues.\"People visiting the tea shop belong to various occupation, families and links that it is believed that all the news of country, politics, economy and other developments reach at this joint first\", shared, Prof Dev Vrat Chaubey, department of Philosophy, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) who is a regular at the shop since 1975. Another regular visitor, research associate at BHU, Dr Pradeep Mishra, said, \"The shop was a gathering place for writers like Dhumil and several others. As the evening sets in, people from different background, different religion come and discuss art, religion, literature, politics for hours\". According to locals, its close vicinity to BHU has also given rise to the group discussion trend, which is an everyday routine in the morning and evening at the joint. It is noteworthy that, people from far away places like Mirzapur, Chakia, Chandauli and several trans-Varuna localities come and have their share of tea before going home every evening. \"I do not go home unless I have tea from here\", shared Amit Kushwaha, a native of Chakia area.Notably, a similar tea joint adjacent to Chitranjan Park near Dashaswamedh ghat also follows the same style of tea preparation. According to tea shop owner Raja, the style of preparation was prevalent before independence. \"Almost all the tea shops in the city used to follow the same method, however, after the end of British rule, people switched over to contemporary method. The shop remains closed only for three hours at midnight. Meanwhile they cater to a number of tourists, devotees, visiting film actors, photographers who visit the town to capture the scenic beauty of the millennia old city from Dashaswamedh ghat.While there are shops known for their unique style of tea preparations, a small tea kiosk at Thathery Bazaar is perhaps one of the largest masala tea supplier in the city. \"We generally supply tea measuring in flask instead of glasses. In Varanasi, every shopkeeper offers tea to its customers while catering to them. For that purpose, most of the tea vendors who sell tea at near by shops and prominent markets purchase flask full of tea from here\", shared Suresh, present owner of the 40 year old shop. If the workers at the tea kiosk are to be believed, the shop is operating for 24 hours and they prepare around 2000 cups of tea daily. It is noteworthy that the close vicinity of the area with prominent markets like Godowlia, Chowk, Dalmandi, Bansphatak has made it one of the busiest tea shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258359", "title": "Young doctors learn better use of drugs", "text": "NAGPUR: Drug resistance and drug reactions have become topics of heated debate among medical fraternity in the last couple of decades. They prompted the Pharmacovigilance Programme of India (PVPI). Pharmacology department of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH) has been working as a peripheral centre under the programme reporting cases of adverse drug reactions to the central authorities since the last one year.Since most of these cases are assessed and reported by resident doctors, the department organized a CME on the topic to better acquaint the postgraduate students with the subject. Head of the college's pathology department Dr Anuradha Shrikhande informed the students about the importance of and current scenario in pharmacovigilance in the country when she inaugurated the event, saying that many common drugs had many side-effects.\"Pharmacovigilance is the prevention, selection and assessment of adverse reactions of drugs in a particular population group. The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO), under the Ministry of Health and family Welfare, started PVPI in 2011. In Vidarbha, IGGMCH and Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (MGIMS), Sewagram, are two peripheral centres reporting such cases and we have reported over 250 cases till now,\" said Dr Vandana Badar, associate professor of the pharmacology and the local co-ordinator of the centre.Dr Suryaprakash Dhaneria from Ujjain Medical College, who was a guest speaker, said, \"India has a population of 120 crore and our pharmaceutical industry is the fourth largest in world. There are more than one lakh formulations of only a thousand medicines.\" Since the reactions of different drugs differ in different population groups, it becomes important to not only ensure safety of drugs but also their rational use, he said.He said the Indian market was flooded with medicines, most of which are irrational combinations. \"While the essential medicine list of India drawn in 2011 contains 348 drugs with 16 fixed dose combinations, the World Health Organisation (WHO)'s list has 359 drugs including 25 fixed dose combinations. This itself shows how careless we have been with the formulation and development of new drugs,\" he said.With increased drug resistant forms of diseases, adverse drug reactions had become a grave problem in the country, said Dr Sujata Dudhgaonkar, professor and head of the pharmacology department. \"Sometimes, even for a normal fever or throat infection, people ask doctors to give them higher drugs. This irrational use of higher antibiotics makes the organisms resistant to the drugs. They mutate to become immune to the drugs,\" she said. She said many doctors were not unaware of the fact that such cases wee to be reported and requested the health professionals in the city to report such cases to the department.ESSENTIAL DRUGS : Medicines that satisfy the health needs of a majority of population which should be available at all places in adequate amount and at affordable costs at all times", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16265939", "title": "I grew up watching Amitabh Bachchan films: Samira", "text": "Says British model Samira Mohamed Ali, who is all set to make a Sandalwood debutAfter British models Katrina Kaif and Amy Jackson managed to make it big in Hindi films, British models seem to be a musthave for most movies. Beauty pageant winners from the UK are the toast of the season.The latest one, Samira Mohamed Ali, who will represent Britain in the Supermodel of the World contest, is all set to debut in a Kannada film, titled Badshah . \"I have always been in awe of Indian films. I lived in Dubai until I was nine, so I had a regular dose of Indian films, especially since my mother adores certain actors,\" says Samira, who is part Arab and part Portuguese.She adds, \"I grew up watching Amitabh Bachchan films. I also like Salman Khan.\"Ask Samira why she chose to debut in a Kannada film and she says, \"The producer and I share a common friend and he approached me through him. The film has three protagonists: two women and one man. I have been signed on to play one of them.\"About her role, she says, \"I play an overseas girl who comes to India. I could easily relate to the role and I felt this script was convincing enough.\" Samira, who was in India for a week, also made a trip to Chennai, during which she managed to network with some Tamil filmmakers.\"I will be back in India in January after I finish competing in the pageant to shoot for my film,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258238", "title": "Cabbies, auto drivers fleece stranded commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Heavy rains brought with it a plethora of problems for commuters-shortage of taxis on roads, excess fare demands by cabbies and auto drivers and autorickshaw refusals in the suburbs.Passengers arriving at airports and railway stations like CST, Dadar, Mumbai Central and LTT were among the worst hit.Taxi union leader A L Quadros said, \"There are fewer taxis on the roads and at the airports today. At least 20% drivers did not take out their vehicles to avoid traffic snarls and areas that are prone to waterlogging.\" He said the number of taxis had declined from 48,000 in 2008 to 30,000 last month.\"On Monday and Tuesday, nearly the number of taxis dropped further by 5,000 were not on roads. We hope they cabs will be back once it is dry and sunny,\" he said.Passengers at the airports had to wait at the taxi stands as there was a cab shortage in the morning, sources said. Regular autorickshaw commuters were furious with the refusals as they had to keep waiting in the rain, which was heavy in the suburbs, Thane, Navi Mumbai and Kalyan.\"They cannot refuse passengers. who are waiting in rain outside stations, markets, malls etc. Autos are a necessity and The drivers are duty-bound to take every passenger,\" said Anshul Verma, a commuter.Activist Sunil Mone said, \"auto drivers have been given official badges so that they ferry everyone irrespective of the destination. \"A commuter can be refused only when he has to take a lunch/snack break or answer the nature's call. In that case, he has to keep his meter flag half down.\" Mone said.Passengers who were stranded due to the delays on WR and CR on Monday night too had a harrowing time as cabbies demanded double the fares to ply from south Mumbai to the western suburbs. Auto drivers too made brisk business by demanding excess fares for long-distance journeys on Monday and Tuesday. \"Some cabbies and auto drivers targeted tourists who arrived in Mumbai by buses or long-distance trains,\" a Ghatkopar resident said.Activist Vidya Vaidya said commuters should not give in to refusals.\"We (NGOs) are assisting the traffic cops in distributing complaint postcards to commuters in the western suburbs. They can be filled in and Fill in the required details like autorickshaw number, date, place, time of offence and posted the complaint to RTO or one can hand deliver it at the nearest traffic chowky,\" activist Vidya Vaidya said.An online complaint against errant auto and taxi drivers can be lodged on the Mumbai traffic police website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16258719", "title": "Four girls rescued after raid on Calangute spa", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Tuesday afternoon raided a spa and saloon on the Candolim-Calangute road following a complaint lodged by Calangute MLA Michael Lobo. Four women who were in the spa were rescued, while five tourists who were allegedly their customers were taken into custody.The raid followed a letter written by Lobo to the chief minister, the DGP, SP (North) and the Calangute police station on Monday.The MLA provided a list of 14 massage parlours, spas and saloons where prostitution activities are allegedly going on.Lobo told TOI, \"These places are actually called lolipop parlours where the women provide sexual services. I personally went in a car and observed what is going on. There is a line of tourists waiting outside these parlours (sic).\"Following Lobo's letter, SP (North) Vijay Singh convened a meeting at the Calangute police station on Monday evening to discuss the issue. Those present included Lobo, Calangute sarpanch Anna-Marie Fernandes, Joseph Sequeira and other panchas.\"The PI gave us an assurance that he would raid all the parlours which we have named and shut them down,\" Lobo had told TOI on Monday. The raid on the spa on Tuesday followed. Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said the police are verifying the information in Lobo's letter and more raids can be expected.Till late evening, Calangute police were seen taking the statements of the rescued women in the presence of an NGO representative.Lobo has claimed that the parlours are being run in the same premises which earlier served as 'dance bars'.\"All the dance bars which were conducting prostitution activities, and which had been closed down following raids a few months ago, have now reopened as massage parlours,\" Lobo alleged.He further claimed that besides these parlours operating from shops on the main roads and the bylanes of Calangute, around 100 apartments have been either bought or taken on lease and are currently being refurbished to conduct prostitution activities in the Calangute area for the upcoming tourist season.Tourists are allegedly lured to these parlours motorbike-borne touts offering them 'sexy girls', it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257623", "title": "Interim bail of education baron extended", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge V B Kulkarni on Monday extended, till September 11, the interim anticipatory bail of nine suspects, including Shivajirao Jondhale, Dombivli-based education baron, accused by his son Sagar of sexually abusing an underage boy at the family farmhouse at Malshej ghat in Pune.The other suspects are Harshukumar Khare, Nanasaheb Borade, Anna Pujari, Ganesh Shepal, Deepak Bhide, Rajendra Vadak, Kishore Jondhale and Yashwant Kamble.All the suspects had filed anticipatory bail pleas at the district and sessions court in Pune, fearing arrest.The court order states that in the event of the suspects being arrested, they will be released on a personal bond of Rs 25,000 each.The men were directed to co-operate with the investigating officer and report at the Otur police station whenever they were called for questioning.The suspects lawyers V B Devkhile and Balasaheb Dhawal told the court that their clients were falsely implicated in the case as there was a dispute between Jondhale and his son.They submitted that several petitions had been filed which goes to show that there was a history of litigation between the Jondhale family members. They pleaded their clients be released on anticipatory bail.The suspects had initially been granted interim bail on August 21 and 22. Their bail was extended when the matter came up for hearing on Monday and a show cause notice was issued to the Otur police and the prosecution, directing them to reply to the bail pleas.On August 18, Sagar filed a complaint with the police after which the police registered a case against Jondhale and others from Dombivli, Kalyan, Thane and Junnar in Pune.The victim had allegedly told the police that Sagar's complaint was false and claimed they were only having fun at the farmhouse. He also gave a statement against Sagar saying that the father and son have had a dispute for many years. He claimed that Sagar was forcing him to give a statement against Shivajirao and others as revenge. The victim's medical reports did not show any signs of sexual abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16258021", "title": "HC raps Jaipur Development Authority for illegal constructions in Amanishah Nullah", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday came down heavily on Jaipur Development Authority for allowing illegal constructions in the basin of Amanishah Nullah.The high-rise buildings coming up in the basin of the nullah has forced one P L Mandola to file a PIL which was heard by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain Senior on Tuesday.The division bench took a strong note of the fact that in 2009, the high court has ordered a blanket stay in constructions in the basin of the nullah and further directed to protect a width of 150-200 metres. But the JDA officials not only approved the constructions but reduced the water basin of the nullah.\"It appears that there are more than 2,000 small and big constructions in the water flow area inside the basin of the nullah and JDA is supplying a list of only 11 such constructions which have been demolished. We are surprised that even after the court stayed the constructions, permissions were given for constructions. It amounts to contempt of court,\" the bench said.It was highlighted by the petitioner that Neerja Modi School, Grassfield Club, Mansarovar Heritage Inn, Korani Petrol Pump are all constructed in the basin of the nullah.The court directed the JDA counsel to ask the officials responsible for granting permissions for constructions to remain present in the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16259750", "title": "ADGP reviews run-up to dalit leader\u2019s memorial", "text": "MADURAI: With the memorial day of Immanuel Sekaran to be observed in Paramakudi on September 11, additional director-general of police (law and order) S George, who met south zone IG Rajesh Das, DIGs of Madurai, Ramnad, Tirunelveli and Dindigul, and SPs of southern districts, instructed the senior police officials to take all necessary steps to organize the event peacefully and conduct preliminary meetings with organisers to brief them thoroughly on the measures taken from the police side.During an elaborate meeting he held with the police officials at Madurai district police office on Tuesday, he reviewed the number of volunteers likely to participate in the event, local organizers, mode of transport, likely routes through which they would traverse and also the sensitive routes which need additional protection, to ensure law and order and maintenance of peace and tranquility. He also instructed the official machinery to hold a preliminary meeting with the organizers and to brief them in detail about the arrangements being made to ensure smooth conduct of the function.The AGDP further instructed the DIG of Ramnad Range and SP, Ramnathapuram district, to convene a meeting in coordination with the district administration, with the leaders concerned and to finalize the time schedule for their visit to the memorial along with their volunteers well in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259546", "title": "Get set to cull out garbage at home in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: All those who complain about garbage piling up in the city will now have to start contributing to management of waste.The BBMP is all set to issue an order on mandatory waste segregation at source, which means citizens will have to separate dry and wet waste at home itself to make garbage collection easier. On Tuesday, at his meeting with members of the solid waste management round table, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said segregation of wet and dry waste will be made compulsory from now on. \"We have so far made the mistake of ignoring the issue of solid waste management. It's high time Bangaloreans woke up and supported us in our solid waste management project,\" he said.The ban on plastic below 40 microns shall be strictly enforced because it's the main culprit behind the waste accumulation , he added.Sandhya Narayanan, member of the solid waste management round table, told the commissioner how 95 per cent of the work of rag pickers is spent on trying to open the tightly tied plastic bags containing garbage that is thrown on the roadside.\"BBMP must prevent the public from throwing garbage put inside plastic bags,\" she said. The contractors who are working at present have no clue of the science behind solid waste management , she added.With the tenders of solid waste management floated by BBMP coming up before the high court, BBMP is contemplating to withdraw the tender and reissue another tender, with certain modifications . BBMP is also working out modalities to educate pourakarmikas on collecting segregated waste.BBMP will also be signing an MoU with the solid waste management round table for the management of dry waste collection centres. \"We will support them by providing water, electricity, toilet and space for the working of the dry waste collection centres in all wards,\" the commissioner said.In order to streamline the waste collection , the Palike will implement Geographical Position System (GPS) on trucks carrying garbage. \"Those vehicles will be run like BMTC buses with fixed route map and timings,\" Goel said.Palike chief's admission We have so far made the mistake of ignoring the issue of solid waste management. It's high time that Bangaloreans woke up and supported us in this project. We will provide water, electricity, toilets and space for the working of dry waste collection centres in all wards\u2014 Rajneesh Goel | BBMP COMMISSIONER", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16258673", "title": "One more held in doctor murder case", "text": "Barasat: A day after a 62-year-old homoeopath was by two local goons, Police on Tuesday arrested the second youth accused of attacking a homoeopath who died after suffering a cardiac arrest in Barasat on Monday. Sirajul Islam was nabbed from a hideout at Guma in North 24-Parganas.The other accused, Mohammad Jamaluddin, who was nabbed from Barasat's Kadamabagachhi two hours after he and Sirajul Islam brutally assaulted the doctor, was produced in Barasat district court and remanded in seven days of police custody.\"Islam was nabbed from a hideout in Guma in North 24-Parganas. He is being interrogated and he will be produced in court on Wednesday. A case under section 302 (murder) and 34 (common intention) of IP has been registered against both the accused,\" said Champak Bhattacharya, SP of North 24-Parganas.Police have also transferred Barasat SDPO Avijit Banerjee after top cops like DIG (PR), Anil Kumar , North 24-Parganas SP Champak Bhattacharya and Barasat ASP Bhaskar Mukherjee visited the spot on Tuesday morning and spoke to the victim's kin. Subir Chatterjee, the DySP, will take over as the new SDPO.Making Banerjee the fall-guy, however, hasn't gone down well with the officers as it has been only two months since he was posted here. Moreover, Banerjee is the same person who is credited with penetrating of Maoist ranks in Jangalmahal and the arrest of former Maoist state secretary Bikram.The West Bengal Human Rights Commission has also taken a suo-motu cognizance of the incident and has asked IGP (South Bengal) to file a report within four weeks. The commission's attention has been drawn to the repeated incidents of crime in Barasat. While Monday's violence has left the locals wary, the daughter of the victim expressed concern about her family's safety.\"I am speaking to you today, but tomorrow we may be forced to leave this place. Those who were arrested have friends and supporters roaming about in the open who might pose a threat to our lives. Can anyone assure us of our future safety?\" Malati told TOI on Tuesday.Cops also feel that shunting the SDPO was no solution as it would not help improve the law and order situation overnight. Barasat police station has to man nearly 1.6 million population spread over 284 sq km. Also, there is a dearth of manpower. The outpost has only one inspector, instead of two. Earlier, there were 80 constables and 48 officers (SI and ASIs), but the number has come down to 55 and 32 now. At a time, when a proposal to bifurcate this police station into three more - Barasat, Sashan and Madhyamgarm - is gathering dust for over three years at the Police Directorate at Writers' Building, the top cops never thought for a while to transfer the personnel deployed at Barasat police station to hastily set up the Barrackpore police commissionerate, a year back on September 1.Locals said that crimes in the area cannot be checked unless something is done to put a curb on Bangladeshi immigrants. About 15% of the total population of Barasat consists of Bangaldeshi nationals, most of whom do not have valid documents, they alleged.Even Sirajul and Jamaluddin had crossed over from Bangladesh decades back. However, their nationality isn't clear yet because of which the police can't book them under the 14 Foreigners Act, sources said.Mallick was well known in the locality for his simplicity and good behavior. He was also popular as a Good Samaritan in the area. \"Daktar babu used to help the poor people even financially whenever they urged him. He never took any fees of the patients who come from underprivileged family. Most of the local residents who loved him very much were shocked after he was brutally murdered by the drunken goons,\" said Dilip Bose, a local resident. The locals also said Mallick earlier protested several times against the youths who used to drink openly and tease the girls in the locality, but whenever he protested them, they threatened him with dire consequences. \"But this time he was murdered by them,\" said Malati, the victim's daughter.Police on Tuesday arrested Sirajul Islam, accused to have murdered 62-year-old Homeopath Bikash Bandhu Mullick for daring to protest when his neighbour's daughter was being teased in Barasat's Kamdambagachi on Monday afternoon. Police had picked up the other person Mohammad Jamaluddin, two hours after the inebriated duo brutally assaulted Mullick. The duo has been slapped with murder charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16257987", "title": "Return of Punjabi youths delayed from Sharjah Jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: Return of 17 Punjabi youths from Sharjah Jail has been further delayed after the Civil Court demanded closure certificates from the Supreme Court and the Appeal Court during a hearing held on Tuesday. The youth were earlier facing death sentence for killing Pakistani national Misri Khan, bootlegging and consuming liquor.President of Dubai-based NGO \"Sarbat Da Bhala\" S P Oberoi, who is contesting the case, informed TOI that the Civil Court was supposed to give its judgment on Tuesday but the judge asked for certificates from the Supreme Court and the Appeal Court that case had been closed by them. \"Our lawyer will submit the certificate on September 16,\" he said.He further said that the court would decide the compensation for the injured person, Mushtaq Ahmad, who was in Dubai while court had not considered the compensation plea of his brother, Shahid Iqbal, who is in Pakistan. The court had constituted a committee of medical experts, who in their report, confirmed that Mushtaq received 40% injuries in the brawl. He also expressed hope that on September 16, the court would give its judgment and the boys would be freed. On July 27, Oberoi had paid blood money of Rs 8 crore to the family of Khan and on September 12, the court had accepted the compromise and had awarded two-year imprisonment to the boys. Since the youth had already completed three years in jail, their release orders were passed by the court. The boys were all set to return to their motherland on September 23, 2011, but on September 18, their return was stopped due to the amendment in the judgment, and they were sent back to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258878", "title": "'Verdict no less than a miracle'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They stood like a rock against all odds and clinched justice in the Naroda Patia case. On Tuesday, some of the witnesses of the Naroda Patia massacre came together to give their views on a verdict which they said was no less than a miracle.\"Almost all witnesses in Naroda Patia case are from below poverty line ( BPL ) families and had seen death up close during riots. But no one backed out from their statements despite being offered lakhs of rupees. Thought, we fought relentlessly with support from different organisations, the court verdict was a miracle for us,\" said Gauri Khureshi, who lost six members of her family and was a witness in the case.The witnesses met at Behavioural Science Centre during a gathering with different organizations which provided legal help to Naroda Patia victims. The event also had former DGP R B Sreekumar, who lamented that the chief conspirator and facilitators have been let off in the case. The retired police officer said that the police officials, who were accused of complicity by the residents, managed to keep themselves out of the case.A special court had last week convicted 32 people in the Naroda Patia massacre case. BJP MLA Maya Kodnani was awarded 28 years' imprisonment and former Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi got life sentence until death. \"The verdict has showed that people who try to divide society can't succeed. The people who helped the Patia residents fight for justice were from different castes and religions. The verdict is historic as the witnesses stood strong and didn't move an inch backwards,\" said Prasad Chacko, director, Behavioural Science Centre.With tears in their eyes many witnesses said that they wanted peace and unity to prevail in the country and that one should work for preventing such bloodbaths in future.re. However, they said that they would move Gujarat high court against the police officials who have been allegedly let off in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "16258045", "title": "Naga Students' Federation bandh in Nagaland on September 6", "text": "KOHIMA: The Naga Students' Federation (NSF), which is a member of North East Students' Organization (Neso), has called a 12-hour bandh in Nagaland on September 6 in protest against atrocities meted out to people of NE in metropolitan cities of the country, as per Neso's decision. OnAugust 23, Neso took the decision to call the September 6 bandh in six NE states, barring Assam.The NSF said its units and subordinate bodies will impose and monitor the bandh in their respective jurisdictions by restricting vehicular movement, closing government offices, educational institutions and shops. However, law-enforcing agencies and the media personnel have been exempted from the purview of the proposed bandh, it added.On the bandh day, Neso will organize a huge public rally in Guwahati to protest against harassment of NE people in metros and to seek detection and deportation of illegal migrants from the region. NSF appealed to the Nagas to extend \"unflinching support and cooperation\" for successful implementation of the bandh \"which will send a strong message to the people of mainland India\".A team led by Neso secretary general Gumjum Haider met the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, N Kiran Kumar Reddy, in Hyderabad on Sunday and apprised him of the problems faced by people of NE living in various cities.The Neso team also acknowledged the kind gesture and support of Andhra Pradesh government towards people of NE. It further apprised Reddy of the August 23 meeting whereby it was decided to hold a public rally in Guwahati on September 6.The students' body has appealed to the Andhra CM to address the rally in Guwahati to send across a strong message against antisocial forces or send a representative of his government to allay fears from the minds of people from the northeast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16258210", "title": "Gujjar quota: Bainsla sold out community\u2019s interests, alleges Bidhuri", "text": "JAIPUR: In an unexpected move, parliamentary secretary Rajendra Singh Bidhuri resigned from his post on Tuesday to pressurise the government to meet the Gujjars' demand for 5% quota in jobs and educational institutes.Bidhuri, the Congress legislator from Chittorgarh's Begun constituency, meanwhile, gave a clean chit to chief minister Ashok Gehlot and blamed the bureaucracy and the \"government system\" for keeping the community's demand pending for over three years.\"Gujjars are being discriminated against, administratively and politically. I have resigned to join my community in fighting the government system that has been deliberately sitting on our quota demand,\" Bidhuri alleged during a hurriedly called press conference at his residence on Tuesday.Chief minister Gehlot, however, said Bidhuri's resignation was an act of 'high emotion'. \"He is an old timer in the party. We will talk to him,\" Gehlot told reporters at a function.Beginning last week, politics over the Gujjars' quota demand has heated up. As less than a year remains with the state government to settle the issue before the next assembly elections, battle lines are getting drawn between Gujjar leaders in the ruling Congress and the main opposition BJP.With Bainsla and his supporters, who are widely believed to enjoy BJP's backing, gearing up to intensify the quota fight, the Congress leaders have begun to create parallel groups to join in the community's cry and keep its vote bank intact.Congressmen Hari Singh Mahuwa and Attar Singh Bhadana have been holding Gujjar assemblies at close intervals with those organised by Bainsla.On Tuesday, the Begun legislator hit out against Gujjar community's almost every leader, including power minister Singh and the architect of previous quota agitations Bainsla. Bidhuri called the duo \"cheats who played politics with their own communities\" for personal gains.\"Bainsla has sold out the community's interests with every government to contest elections and make other personal gains, while Singh is the one who opposed to the community's agitation for quota in 2003,\" Bidhuri alleged.Mentioning about the 72 Gujjars killed in police firing during quota agitations when BJP was in power, the Congress legislator compared former chief minister Vasundhara Raje with General Dyer, the Jallianwala Bagh massacre's villain (1919).Explaining his sudden resignation, the legislator said, \"Last night Bhagwan Dev Narayan (Gujjars' deity) and his mother appeared in my dreams and ordered me to quit the post and expose the people who were cheating Gujjars on the quota issue.\"Bidhuri later urged power minister Singh and fellow parliamentary secretary Ramswaroop Kasana, who too is a Gujjar, to resign from their posts to get the quota demand met at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258385", "title": "Top cop wants Nagpur Municipal Corporation to make first move in solving pandal issue", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has asked officers to strictly deal with Ganesh mandals encroaching on roads. The directive came during the weekly crime meeting on Tuesday. The top cop also said the police department would extend all support to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in removing portions of the pandals encroaching on the roads in violation of high court orders.In the backdrop of controversy over violation of HC orders against erecting pandals on roads, Dhanvijay opted to come clear on his department's stand on the issue. The CP has welcomed NMC's decision to act against encroaching pandals and promised strong deployment to tackle any law and order situation arising out of the action.\"Police are not under any political or citizen pressure when it comes to following rules and regulations. We can slap notices, warning them of strict action, if need be. But if pandals are only partly blocking the traffic, it is more of an encroachment than a traffic nuisance,\" said the CP.He added that full strength bandobast would be provided in case NMC opts to remove encroaching portion of pandals. \"Police would not go on back foot even though there is a threat to law and order. We are ready to fight to implement rules but NMC has to come forward,\" he said.CP Dhanvijay also said that police provided full support to NMC when it wanted to carry out anti-encroachment drives and struck down several unauthorized structures and extensions without any fear or influence.Dhanvijay also said that the police would also take stringent action against mandals that dig up roads. \"The roads are under NMC and they should register complaint about damage done by mandals. Police can certainly register offence of damage to public property, which is non-bailable and attracts long imprisonment,\" said the senior cop.The CP also said that officers have been urged to keep a strict vigil to ensure permissions granted by the department to mandals are followed properly. \"I have told officers not to allow any violations, and act against them if found,\" said Dhanvijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16258261", "title": "Four toll naka men held for assault on MNS neta's son", "text": "Kalyan: The Manpada police have arrested four employees of Katai toll naka who allegedly beaten up a- 21-year-old son of an MNS leader from Thane who has refused to pay the levy of Rs 25.The incident was took place on Sunday night when Swapnil Kolte, son of MNS secretary (Thane rural) Suresh Kolte, was on his way to Thane with six CA friends in his father's Innova car.Police sub-inspector Kiran Chougule from Manpada police station said, \"After lodging complaint we went through CCTV footage installed at toll naka in which we found four peoples were thrashing complainant on basis of that we arrested them under assault and rioting case.\"Those who arrested are Yogesh Bhoir,23, Vicky Vayle, Prashant Choudhary,28 and Ajay Patil,23. On Tuesday, the police produced the accused at Kalyan court where they were granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16258132", "title": "Land holding certificates must for rehabilitation: CCPH", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Coordination Committee for Peace and Harmony (CCPH) in Kokrajhar on Monday urged the government to make possession of land holding certificates a must for return of relief camp inmates to their respective villages in the BTC area. Demanding strict screening and verification of the identity of inmates before they are rehabilitated in the BTC area, the committee asked the government not to resettle any inmates on 'khas' land.The CCPH is a BTC body formed by 33 organizations and represents communities like Bodos, Assamese, Adivasis, Nepalis, Gorkhas, Rajbongshis, Marwaris, Biharis, Rabhas, Garos, Nath Yogis, Bengalis etc. It submitted a memorandum to Kokrajhrar deputy commissioner Jayant Narlikar on Monday with a request to forward it to the Prime Minister, the Union home minister, the Assam governor, the chief minister and the BTC chief.The memorandum says the CCPH will work to ensure that illegal migrants are not included in the rehabilitation process. It says there should those who do not have land pattas should not be rehabilitated. The CCPH said the state government should use March 25, 1971 as the base date for identification of foreigners according to Assam Accord.Meanwhile, a government spokesman said on Tuesday that land documents of 8,545 families living in relief camps in Dhubri subdivision have been verified for their rehabilitation in Kokrajhar district. Documents of another 5,533 families are yet to be verified. The spokesman added that a list of 11,264 families staying in relief camps in Bilasipara subdivision have been handed over to Kokrajhar district for verification while land documents of 4,317 families have already been verified in Chirang district; 2,337 families have been verified in Kokrajhar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16259924", "title": "Move to hire foreign firm for Kumbh plan may be aborted", "text": "Nashik: Considering that various government agencies have already drawn up their plans and estimates for making arrangements for the next Kumbh mela In the light of the delay in appointing a foreign consultancy firm to conduct a survey and recommend arrangements for the forthcoming Kumbh, there are indications that the government would ultimately may drop the idea of hiring a foreign firm as consultant. The government had earlier also planned to use the consultancy to generate ideas %for promoting tourism in %the region. \"The decision to cut down on the time given to Ernst and Young (E&Y;) to plan infrastructural development of infrastructure in Nashik, bearing in mind Kumbh requirements in mind considering the and promote tourism inNashik regionis likely to be taken by September 20,\" district collector Vilas Patil said. However, when pointed out that at the delay in the Kumbh planning was pointed out, he said that his office had already started working on materializing plans that had been submitted by various gover8nment agencieson the Kumbh. Since assuming office as district collector in June in the taking over the charge of collectorate on June 2, Patil had been saying that the collectorate was planning to advance the deadline for the survey by ten weeks. cut down the time-span required for the survey by ten weeks. With three months having already already passed, the administration has already lost twelve weeks. of time. \"It is already twelve weeks passed and the best the report can be gained is by cutting the time span from 34 weeks to 12 weeks,\" the sources said adding that it would be too small a time for the in-depth survey. Collector Patil, however, said, \"Behind the scenes, the Committees are being set up and plans are being finalized. Obviously, It is going to be would be impossible to wait till %the time E&Y; present their %report.would be out.\" Earlier, the collector had expressed his reservation about the agreement over the need to appoint another agency for the same job when development drafts for development of the region was had already been submitted by Travel Finance Corporation of India ( TFCI). \"Limiting the scope of development to the Kumbh mela is not going to not help. Instead, the consultants should be asked to recommend developmental ideas for Nashik for the next decade,\" a source from the collectorate said. The source further pointed out that the since the study would be actuall based on the presentations of government agencies itself, it would definitely be better that these pieces were put together for better future of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258519", "title": "An able life for disabled kids, courtesy teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shakeel (name changed) a visually challenged boy will go to a normal school from next year. This was impossible for the 8-year-old boy as he belonged to an econimically weaker family which could not afford a private training centre for visually challanged. But teachers at Bachpan Day Care Centre, an initiative of the state government came to support the child.\"Apart from free of cost training, it's the dedication of the teachers at the Centre, the love and care they give did wonders for my son,\" said Ismail Ali, father of Sameer. RD Sharma, a traffic policeman whose daughter also studies at the Centre, said: \"This is the only government run school where I found teachers working with utmost dedication.\"The Centre provides early rehabilitative interventions to mentally retarded, visually and hearing impaired children of three to six age group. The teachers at the centre improve intellectual and cognitive skills of disabled children with the help of latest technology as per the special need of the children.Saiyaba Abbasi who is teaching at the Centre since eight years said, \"It gives me immense satisfaction in just knowing that I am instrumental in bringing a positive change in their lives.\" Saiyaba was inspired to teach them as some of her teachers were visually impaired. She got many lucrative offers but she rejected all to teach here.The centre also provides free to and fro transportation, education, health check ups, books and physiotherapy to the children.\"We train their parents also as they can help their kids. We try that these children join mainstream when they grow up,\" said Vijay Laxmi, coordinator of the centre. With state government providing low budget to Bachpan day care centre, it is struggling to survive.The teachers at the centre complained that at a time, they cannot accommodate more than 60 students. And sometimes, they have around 85 children as wait-listed and they feel very bad that are not able to help these kids. Due to lack of proper funding, the toys of children have been reduced.School Potential Advancement Restoration Confidence (SPARC) India, a private organisation, also provides free training to children aged between four to sixteen with cerebral palsy which occurs due to brain damage at birth. Cerebral Palsy results in limitation of movement and the children also have problem of hearing, vision, speech and epilepsy.\"We focus on their education, skill development and restoration of confidence,\" said Anju Tewari, one of the teacher who consider these children as her family. Teaching children with cerebral palsy is not an easy task as they are slow learners. \"My daughter's speech has improved a lot,\" said Preity Vaish, a housewife.\"We provide vocational training to children with physical disabilities,\" said Amitabh Mehrotra, founder chairperson of SPARC India who himself is a cerebral palsied. During his childhood days, he decided that he will make cerebral palsied children equal like others as kids of his age used to make his fun.Eeshwar foundation, an another society which help children who are in need or are suffering from any kind of disease. From treatment to rehabilitation, Eeshwar Foundation take care of everything for free of cost. \"Many times parents abandon their children at our place but we give counseling to them to accept the children with positive attitude,\" said Pinki Sharma, a counsellor.Founder director of Eeshwar Foundation, Sapna Upadhya said, \"To make them self reliance, the children are taught how to make envelopes, repairing of mobiles, stitching, etc.\" When Sapna's five-year-old daughter was suffering from low grade fever, she came to know of a boy whose family was quitting life saving drug because of financial constraint. That day, she decided that she will help poor children and will give them a new life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16259437", "title": "Govt to pay Rs 1L for cops' trespass", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Tuesday directed the principal secretary, home, to pay Rs 1 lakh compensation to a high court lawyer, H S Himkar, for damaging his reputation by the then officer in charge of Rajivnagar police station, Patna, G D Upadhyay, and present sub-inspector, Ram Swaroop Singh, who had barged into his house during a function on May 10 night.A single bench of Justice V N Sinha directed the principal secretary, home, to initiate departmental proceeding against the police officers for misbehaving with the lawyer who accused the two of violating his right to life and liberty. The court directed the government to shift Upadhyay, now the officer in charge of S K Puri police station, and Singh to shift to the police lines till the completion of departmental proceedings against the two.During the hearing of the writ petition by Himkar, the two police officials had claimed that they had visited his residence at 10pm as construction was going on there in violation of a Bihar State Housing Board order. Himkar submitted that there was no construction work going on when the police reached his residence. He also alleged that the two policemen wanted to extort money from him.PIL: A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Tuesday directed the secretary, health, to consider the representation of a petitioner, Ram Kumar Jha, seeking posting of doctors, paramedics and provision of infrastructure at the Rajkiya Maharani Rameshwari Bharatiya Chikitsa Vigyan Sansthan and Hospital, Darbhanga.Passing the order on a PIL, the court asked the petitioner to file a representation before the secretary, health, seeking improvement in the Ayurvedic college and hospital. The petitioner's counsel, Ratan Kumar Kuar submitted that patients were suffering due to neglect by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258387", "title": "BJP men file PIL, seek probe against Bhujbal", "text": "Mumbai: BJP leader Kirit Somaiya and a political activist Atul Shah on Tuesday filed a public interest litigation (PIL) to demand a special criminal probe against Minister of Public Works Department Chhagan Bhujbal for \"rampant corruption and misconduct orchestrated through the department\" in awarding multi-crore contracts especially the work on the new Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi and the High Mont Guest House, Mumbai.The PIL which would be mentioned in court later states that despite Somaiya's many complaints the authorities have done little to take any \"corrective action\". Somaiya said the acts of \"misdeeds\" by Bhujbal as head of the PWD department are brazen and ought not to be ignored any longer. He has sought judicial intervention to direct the police, Enforcement Directorate and other investigation agencies to set up a special team to conduct a detailed inquiry against \"Bhujbal and his coterie of people\" and submit reports to court.The PIL has asked the HC To stay transfer of large pieces of agricultural and non-agricultural land to Bhujbal and companies owned by his family where his wife Meena and son Sameer and nephew are directors. It has also demanded that the court freeze the bank accounts of these companies till the investigation is complete.\"In 2006, the Public Works Department came out with a dubious proposal to link a Slum Rehabilitation Project (SRA) in Andheri with the new Maharashtra Sadan Delhi and High Mount Guest House Mumbai Projects to give additional benefit to private builder M/s. K S Chamankar Enterprises,\" the PIL said and has demanded that construction be stopped at the non-slum plots in Andheri and his Transfer of development rights be cancelled and wants a probe into the manner in which the Delhi contract was awarded.Somaiya said that he and Shah through their \"research and interaction could locate 22 companies directly headed or by Chhagan Bhujbal's friends and family.\" These include Armstrong Energy Private Limited , Armstrong Infrastructure Private Limited, Armstrong Pure Water Services Private Limited, Armstrong Winery Private Limited, Bavesh Builders Private Limited, Bhujbal Wines Private Limited, Ideen Furniture Private Limited and other vineyards and infrastructure companies through which the family has transacted in \"thousands of crores of rupees\" allegedly as part of money laundering activity with even lawyers engaged \"to cover up actual beneficiaries, investors.\" The companies have given allegedly fake documents to the Registrar of Companies, Ministry of Company Affairs which have taken no action however.Bhujbal's son Sameer when contacted on Tuesday said he would respond to the PIL as and when it comes up in court. But he said his family knows it has \"done nothing illegal.\" \"I have heard about the PIL. He has made complaints to various authorities including the ROC which are making inquirie,\" he said over the phone from Delhi adding, \"\"When required for business, we had set up companies legally. The truth will emerge in time\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258104", "title": "Bodoland breathes easy as displaced head home", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday said 2.42 lakh inmates of relief camps in the riot-hit Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD), which is almost half the displaced population, have left for their homes and the area is slowly starting to breathe easy with no reports of any more violence or arson for more than week now.\"The BTAD is slowly limping back to normal. We do not have reports of any more violence,\" said Gogoi. The conflict between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri, which started on July 20, continued for over a month despite massive deployment of army, paramilitary forces and state police. Altogether 91 people belonging to both the communities lost their lives and 4,85,921 others were displaced. Besides, thousands of houses were also burnt down.On August 25, miscreants hacked six persons to death in Chirang district while they were returning home from a relief camp. \"The fear of returning home was there among the inmates of relief camps. But it is no longer there now. The mistrust between people of the two communities is also slowly fading,\" added Gogoi. He said, \"So far, 2.42 lakh people have returned home, which is almost half of the population that was displaced.\"The state government has set up fixed police pickets manned by the state police and paramilitary personnel in all the affected villages to ensure security to villagers after they return from relief camps. In sharp contrast to Gogoi's claims, more than 10,000 people, who had left the camps, have come back to the camps again. A total of 9,985 displaced Bengali-speaking Muslims, who had returned to home from relief camps in Gossaigaon sub-division of Kokrajhar district over last couple of weeks, fled their homes again on August 31. According to authorities, lack of confidence might have spurred might have been spurred the move.Even as reverse flow of inmates have started in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts, the ground situation speaks volumes about the prevailing mistrust and worry in the minds of Bodos and Muslims who were once neighbours in many of the violence-hit villages. Some relief camp inmates, who were ready to return home, doubt whether they will share the same relation with their neighbours ever again. Before the clash, bonhomie between the Bodos and Muslims was visible in many villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259989", "title": "Gujarat seeks death for Ode convicts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Narendra Modi government has asked for the death sentence in its appeal against 27 people, sentenced to life imprisonment by an Anand court for their involvement in the 2002 Ode massacre. Two appeals were filed before a division bench headed by Justice R R Tripathi in the Gujarat high court on Tuesday. This is the first time that the state government has asked for capital punishment in a post-Godhra riot case.The 27 people were convicted for their involvement in two separate incidents in Ode in which 26 people were killed. The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) and the victims have also sought to enhance the punishment in the killings. The state government was late by 40 days in filing its appeal in the Piriwali Bhagol case of Ode, in which 23 people were killed, but requested the HC to condone the delay. In all 23 people were convicted for the Pirawali Bhagol killing and 18 were sentenced to life imprisonment for criminal conspiracy and murder by special judge Poonam Singh. The state government has sought capital punishment for these 18.In the second incident at Ode, three people were killed at Malav Bhagol and nine were convicted to life imprisonment for whom too the government wants death sentence, said special prosecutor for the state government J M Panchal. Both incidents took place on March 1, 2002. Besides, the government, the SIT and the victims have challenged the acquittal of the 53 persons in the two cases.The only other case in which the state has asked for the death sentence in a 2002 riots case is for the 20 Muslim men convicted for setting fire to the S-6 coach of the Sabarmati Express. Fifty-nine people, mostly kar sevaks, were killed in the carnage and had led to the riots.The state government moved the HC in connection with one more SIT-probed case in the Sardarpura massacre case, wherein convicts were awarded life imprisonment, but has not sought death sentence for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257480", "title": "India breaks silence, assures Lankans safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Local politics, including sensitivities in Tamil Nadu, prevented the Indian government from reacting to the attack by Tamils on a group of Lankan Tamil pilgrims in Tamil Nadu on Tuesday. Instead, the ministry of external affairs reacted to a travel advisory issued by Sri Lanka on Monday asking its citizens not to travel to Tamil Nadu. India assured the island nation on Tuesday that it will continue to take steps to ensure safety of all Lankans visiting India.\"I wish to convey here that the government of India, in close consultation with the state governments concerned, has taken and will continue to take all measures to ensure the safety, security and well-being of Sri Lankan dignitaries and visitors to India, including to Tamil Nadu,\" said official spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.However, after Tuesday's attack, the Lankan advisory acquired a new significance. Sources said the central government could not react since law and order is a state subject. The Sri Lankan government had said in its travel advisory that it regretted the increasing number of instances of intimidation of its nationals visiting Tamil Nadu for the purposes of tourism, religious pilgrimages, sporting and cultural activities and professional training.Embarrassed by the attack, sources said, Indian and Sri Lankan governments are working together to ensure the safety and security of Lankan pilgrims.The official emphasized that people-to-people contacts are an integral part of the close historical, cultural, ethnic and civilizational ties between India and Sri Lanka. \" Our High Commission in Colombo issued visas to nearly 200,000 Sri Lankan nationals to visit India last year, while approximately 175,000 Indian tourists visited Sri Lanka in 2011. It is this perspective that guides all our actions on such matters,\" he added.Official sources also said that there is no question of New Delhi trying to block President Mahinda Rajapaksa's visit to Sanchi, as some Tamil parties have demanded, later this month. Rajapaksa will be in Sanchi to lay the foundation of a Buddhist university being built with support from the local government.The Congress party described as \"most unfortunate\" the attack on Sri Lankan pilgrims in Tamil Nadu by activists of Tamil outfits and said the government is \"very firm\" that these kind of incidents do not recur. \"It is most unfortunate. It should not happen. Government is very firm that these things do not happen,\" party spokesman P C Chacko told reporters.Times ViewThe kind of hatred being whipped up against ordinary Sri Lankans in Tamil Nadu deserves the strongest condemnation. It is understandable that Tamils are upset about the manner in which people from their ethnic community have suffered in the neighbouring country over several decades. However, to retaliate for that against school children who have come over to play a football match or against pilgrims is not acceptable. Political parties in the state have to shoulder much of the blame for the extent to which the temperature has been raised on this issue. They should realise that while they play their game of one-upmanship, they could be doing serious damage that will have a lasting impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16258017", "title": "HC bans construction on sites illegally using underground water in Gurgaon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up the matter pertaining to the ban on construction activities using underground water in Gurgaon, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday clarified its orders that \"construction on sites illegally using underground water were to be immediately stopped and construction activity could go on wherever the water source was registered.It also turn down the plea of some developers and builders for allowing the digging of borewells for the construction staff and made it clear that water tankers could be called in for the purpose.The orders were clarified by the bench headed by acting chief justice Jasbir Singh, after hearing some petitions filed by some developers and builders claiming misinterpretation of the HC orders by the Gurgaon administration.Builders argued that the Gurgaon deputy commissioner (DC) had stayed the construction activity at all the sites.It was also added that some builders such as the DLF had their own arrangements, and had even set up sewage treatment plant. Still, the operations were closed down.Meanwhile, the Gurgaon administration informed the bench that as many as 25 teams carried out inspections for checking misuse of water for raising buildings in Gurgaon and stopped constructions at 161 sites.Now the case has been fixed for October 3 for further hearing.The matter had reached before the court through bunch of petitions filed by Qutub Enclave Residents Welfare Association and others alleging that the builders in Gurgaon were illegally extracting underground water and using it for construction purposes, because of which the level of underground water has gone down.Haryana government, on the previous date of hearing, had undertaken to initiate effective steps against the violators. HC has already made it clear that the DC would be held responsible, if underground water was found to be utilized by the builders for any kind of construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16259904", "title": "Powermen dharna at chief engineer\u2019s office", "text": "VARANASI: In the second phase of agitation in support of their five-point demands, members of Vidyut Mazdoor Panchayat, Uttar Pradesh (VMPUP) staged a demonstration at the chief engineer's office in Bhikharipur on Tuesday.The VMPUP members gathered at the office gate in the morning and held a meeting under the leadership of VMPUP regional president RK Wahi. The leaders highlighted the demands, including regularization of private, contract basis and muster role employees on the 60,000 vacant posts of grade III and IV, redress anomalies in pay-scale, distribution of salary on the lines of the process followed at the headquarters, promotion and others.The speakers warned that if the demands are not met soon, they would hold a hunger strike at the managing director of UP Power Corporation Limited office in Lucknow from September 11. Several union leaders were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16259506", "title": "20 hurt as bus falls into lake near Hangal", "text": "Hubli: Nearly 20 passengers, including schoolchildren, were injured when a government bus fell into a lake near Araleshwar village of Hangal taluk in Haveri district on Tuesday morning. The injured were shifted to Hangal government hospital. Six of the severely injured, including children, were shifted to KIMS hospital in Hubli. The bus was proceeding to Hangal from Kanchineglur village, said police. The driver was driving rashly.A case has been registered at Adur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256837", "title": "Tension over banyan tree in Hyderabad's Old City area", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed in Kabutarkhana area of the Old City on Tuesday morning after a woman was stopped by police from performing puja at a disputed banyan tree located near a mosque.The banyan tree became a point of dispute between two groups about three months ago when its branches were cut down as they were hindering the construction going on at Masjid-e-Noor. The dispute came to a boil when some people demanded that the banyan tree, which is considered holy, should not be cut down. Ever since, a police picket was posted in the area to prevent the situation from going out of control.On Tuesday, locals and relatives of the woman who was stopped from performing puja at the tree gathered and questioned the police authority to prevent the religious activity.They were soon joined by Goshamahal BJP corporator M Vaikuntam and city BJP secretary Uma Mahender and the agitated crowd staged a dharna. They later went to Hussainialam police station and demanded that the inspector register a complaint.The crowds dispersed only after the Hussainialam inspector received a complaint of police 'misbehaviour' with the woman. Charminar ACP M Ram Mohan said, \"We have received a complaint alleging misbehaviour by policemen. The concerned inspector has been asked to investigate the claim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257348", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav eyes backward, upper caste votes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mulayam Singh Yadav is the only mainstream politician to oppose 'promotion quota' for SCs and STs, belying the long-held notion of larger 'backward class' unity while further polarizing his battle with arch-rival Mayawati in Uttar Pradesh.Samajwadi Party' s decision to buck the political pattern with aggressive anti-quota pitch defies conventional wisdom but it fits the party' s plan for 2014 Lok Sabha election which Mulayam sees as his last shot at prime ministership.The politically incorrect tag of \"anti-dalit\" has not deterred the wily Yadav from a full-throated opposition to the move supported by all others including BJP and Congress that have entrenched upper caste lobbies.It is a first of sorts for backward politics that, ironically, came into its own courtesy the backing dalits gave to Mandal Commission which provided job and education quota for OBCs in the early 1990s. When SP opposed promotion quota at the all-party meeting called by the PM on August 21, dalit leader Ramvilas Paswan tersely reminded that he was Union social justice minister when Mandal report was implemented by the V P Singh government.Mulayam' s move has jolted the votaries of greater 'backward unity' but the pragmatic Samajwadi satrap has never been hobbled by romantic notions, lured as he is by the sight of convergence between backwards and upper castes against dalit quota.For the Samajwadi supremo, it provides a rare opening to meld the two social groups into a voting bloc against a hostile rival in dalit czarina Mayawati. SP and BSP were taboo for upper castes till recently, before a section of them led by Brahmins plumped for Mayawati in 2007 against Mulayam' s misrule.SP is hopeful of winning over upper castes because their natural choice - Congress and BJP - are literally defunct. The OBC-upper caste unity powered the Kalyan Singh-led BJP to dominance during the Babri campaign in the 1990s.The hope of winning over Brahmin-Thakur votes seems to be behind the anti-dalit quota stance of Mulayam. Not surprisingly, he has not followed backward outfits like DMK in backing reservation in promotion for SC/STs, with the proforma demand that similar benefit be extended to OBCs.After the Samajwadis swept to power in Lucknow this April, upper castes are again seen as floating votes. Though they junked BSP after the brief dalliance of 2007, their earlier preference of BJP and Congress failed to emerge as viable options for future. Which way they go in 2014 will impact the fate of 80 Lok Sabha constituencies.Mulayam seems to hope that 'dalit quota' will be SP' s magnet for Brahmins-Thakurs-middle classes, just as Mayawati' s call against \"goonda raaj\" took them to BSP in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16258183", "title": "House furore likely over 12 NCP MLAs joining National People's Party", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya opposition is in for a monsoon drench in the assembly, albeit of the political kind, with the decks still not clear as to which party the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MLAs, who ceremoniously joined the Purno A Sangma-led National People's Party (NPP) recently, would represent in the house when the monsoon session gets underway on Wednesday.Out of a total of 14 NCP legislators, 12 \"merged\" with the NPP recently under the direction of former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma, who too had resigned from the NCP and his Tura assembly seat prior to his unsuccessful bid in the presidential election. According to sources, assembly speaker Charles Pyngrope is yet to ratify the \"merger\" of the 12 NCP MLAs, including two of Sangma's sons - leader of opposition Conrad and James - with the Manipur-based NPP. P A Sangma is slated to become the 'national president' of the NPP.Two NCP legislators, including deputy speaker Sanbor Shullai and Adolf Lu Hitler R Marak, did not join the Sangma bandwagon and continue to remain with their party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257940", "title": "Cops recover weapons from Presidency campus", "text": "CHENNAI: Police believe they have averted incidents of violence on the Presidency College campus after they recovered a few weapons from the compound on Tuesday. The college, which remained closed after the union election on August 31, was to reopen on Wednesday.On a tip-off from a few students, a police team led by senior officers informed the college administration that there could be weapons on the campus. After obtaining the administration's permission, the team searched the campus and recovered the weapons. \"We found two long sickles and two knives in the bushes. We also found a three-foot iron pipe above a motor room near the Ezhilagam campus,\" a police officer said.\"We don't know who exactly had hidden these weapons, but we know that a group was planning to attack some others following the recent college elections,\" the officer said. Though it was a holiday, some students who were present on the campus objected to the police team entering the campus.\"We are not thieves and we are not here to create trouble. We suspect the police, to foist cases, have hidden the weapons and recovered them from the campus,\" said a student. College principal R Sabanayagam said that there was no violent incident after the student election results on Friday, but the management had declared a holiday till Wednesday.\"Some students who lost the elections might have planned to create some problems when the college reopened. Or it could be the other group who thought they needed weapons to safeguard themselves as they anticipated attacks from the rival group,\" the principal said, adding that he was anyway glad that the police team has removed the weapons from the campus. Students said that they expected this set of student council leaders to behave in a mature way and abhor violence.The Triplicane police haven't registered a case against the students in connection with the recovery of weapons on Tuesday.Police recently arrested 32 students of Presidency College for possession of weapons near Central railway. Police said they had come to the station to attack a rival group. Subsequently, the college remained closed for five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257427", "title": "ABVP activists force shutdown of colleges", "text": "INDORE: College students in the city have had a tough time on Tuesday following the (Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad) ABVP nationwide bandh protesting against the coal block allocation scam. After the National Students' Union of India ( NSUI) college bandh call on Saturday, this was the second time within a week when the students had to return home without attending classes.City colleges having no direct relation with the scam, had to face the brunt when the activists thronged college campuses and didn't allow the students to enter the colleges.The protest which started in the morning ended late afternoon. The activists raised anti-government slogans and asked the students to support the bandh. Police force was deployed on the college campuses including university teaching departments, Old and New GDC, Gujarati College, Khalsa College to avoid any mishap.\"All major colleges remained closed and it was a peaceful bandh,\" said Manasvi Patidar, state joint secretary, ABVP. The ABVP wing will also stage protest against former civil aviation minister Praful Patel by organizing padyatras across the state, he added.In Bhopal, the ABVP activists, who were out in five different teams stopped the students at the bus stops itself in the morning. A majority of private colleges, including the engineering colleges on city outskirts did not even open.While the colleges where students reached in the morning were returned from the gate itself. In the form of rallies on two wheelers, the ABVP members came out on streets since morning and took rounds of all major educational institutes to ensure that studies remain suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "vallabhipur (bhavnagar)", "code": "16259127", "title": "Mamta Ma'am washes away discrimination in classrooms", "text": "VALLABHIPUR (BHAVNAGAR): If you see a woman bathing a child under running tap water, rubbing soap to scrape off the dirt from the hands and legs or cleansing his matted hair with shampoo inside a school premises in Vallabhipur, do not be surprised. She is education inspector-Mamta Chauhan who is credited with washing off discrimination from classrooms in the region with her noble initiative.Her simple drive of bathing poor children, predominantly from the dalit families, who are too poor to afford soap and water regularly, has led to a greater acceptance of these children who were shunned for being dirty.Five-year-old Budho Rathod is one such child. He hated going to school as none of his classmates was ready to sit next to him as he did not take bath daily. Budho lives with his 10-member family in a makeshift hut in a typicalDevipujak locality, where there is not enough water to even drink, forget bathing.That was a year ago. Today, this rag picker never misses school. Children no more make fun of him as he is regularly bathed and shampooed by Mamta who has taken it upon herself to ensure that children from underprivileged community do not drop out of schools.Mamta, 36, joined as education observer in 2006 and is like a mother to all such children in the area who are simply rejected for being untidy. During her school visits, she found that being unkempt was the main reason why other children did not accept kids from Devipujak community, resulting in huge dropouts. Besides giving them a cleaner look, she also started a \"clothes bank\".\"These children rarely have another pair of clothes to change and this perception was affecting their education. So, I decided to start a clothes bank and bathing them,\" Mamta says.When teachers saw the EI give bath to dalit children, some of them also joined the drive. Her efforts spread across 64 primary schools in Vallabhipur taluka and paid off as the region has seen the dropout ratio decrease and an increase in attendance of these children.Since last 12 months she has distributed clothes to more than 250 Devipujak students. \"Of the total 11,000 students, there are about 1,500 Devipujak students in 64 primary schools. We are providing at least two pairs of clothes to all these children free of costs. We only want that they should attend schools regularly,\" she added.\"Due to Mamtaben's efforts, both my children are now in class 9th. Otherwise, I was planning to stop their education,\" said Virji Pateliya, a Devipujak.A school teacher of Pipal village, Alpesh Patel says, \"We too adopted it and keep all toiletries like bucket, soaps, shampoo in the school's bathroom. If we see any untidy child, we bathe him.Retired school teacher Ajitsinh Solanki, who was awarded the innovative teacher award by Indian Institute of Management (IIM-A), says, \"Mamta's efforts are truly out of the box thinking.\"Navaniya Primary School principal Deepak Joshi said, \"Due to Mamtaben's innovative ways, the attendance of Devipujak children in my school has doubled to 80 per cent. There are 42 Devipujak students in our school. Our scholarships alone cannot bring them to schools, even compassion is important,'' Joshi adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258451", "title": "Smoking scenes in films get Centre nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that it would allow smoking scenes in films but the permission came with riders-the actor lighting up will have to do a 20-second anti-smoking promo to be screened once at the very beginning and a second time, after the interval. Moreover, a static anti-smoking message will have to be shown on the screen throughout the smoking scene.The Centre's decision came following protests from the counsel for UTV Software Communications Pvt Ltd, which is planning the release of its Heroine and filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt. Both were against the Centre's dilly-dallying on a decision despite a Delhi high court order, allowing smoking scenes in films. The SC had stayed the HC order.Refusing to be drawn into the merits of the controversy, A bench of Justice P Sathasivam and Justice Ranjan Gogoi adjourned the hearing after the Centre's counsel, senior advocate V Shekhar, assured the court that the Union government would issue a notification before September 20, allowing smoking scenes in films with the riders.UTV challenged the August 2 letter of the information and broadcasting ministry to Central Board for Film Certification (CBFC) before the Delhi HC, which has not granted a stay. The bench asked Shekhar, \"Has the HC entertained a challenge even against the Cabinet deliberations?\" Shekhar said, \"This week, UTV wanted to release Heroine, which has a scene of an actress smoking. The HC will hear the plea on September 10.\" The court said, \"Suppose fresh notification comes, then this petition (in SC) will be infructuous.\" Bhatt's counsel told the court that if the 2012 notification comes, then the challenge against the 2011 notification would be infructuous. \"We can withdraw the petition on this ground and approach the HC challenging the fresh notification,\" he added.Shekhar said, \"Their anxiety is to get the SC petition before the apex court dismissed as there is a stay operating in our favour.\" Bhatt's counsel said, \"It is true. The censor board is not clearing our film slated for release day after tomorrow.\" The bench said, \"These things relating to smoking and liquor are not essential things to be shown. You can remove it.\"Shekhar said on August 2, I&B; ministry wrote to CBFC requesting it to advise filmmakers to \"give a 20-second anti-smoking message\" as approved by the ministry of health with the voiceover of an actor who is seen smoking in the film and display \"a static anti-smoking message during the scene\".In September 2005, Bhatt had moved the Delhi HC challenging Rule 4(6) of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade, Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Amendment Rules, 2005, which prohibited depiction of smoking scenes in television and cinema.Though the rules underwent several amendments, the writ petitions were heard by a division bench of the HC, which rendered a split verdict. But the 'umpire judge' of the HC in his January 23, 2009, decision struck down the rule banning smoking scenes in films on the ground that they breached fundamental right to expression of an artist. The Centre challenged the HC's decision and the SC stayed the order on April 2, 2009.The government amended the rules once again in October 27, 2011 relaxing the ban on display of cigarette and tobacco products in films but made display of health warning, messages and disclaimer mandatory.Interestingly, the Kerala High Court on March 26 this year directed that no scenes in films, tele-serials and other visual media should violate the provision of Tobacco Control Act, 2003 and its allied rules.In March this year, another writ petition before the Delhi HC challenged the October 27, 2011 notification. Though the HC issued notice to the Centre on this petition, it had adjourned hearing on being informed that the Supreme Court was scheduled to hear the petitions on this issue on September 4.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258453", "title": "Viral infections have Lucknow reeling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scorching sun that follows a rainy day blows a new lease of life in many viruses. And city hospitals are bearing the brunt of this phenomenon. Estimates gathered from the out-patient departments and indoor wards at city hospitals suggest that the number of patients reporting on account of infectious diseases, particularly viral fever and diarrhoea, have steeply gone up over the past one month.Broadly speaking, the burden of patients in the out-patient departments (OPDs) has gone up by 70-75%, compelling a visitor to literally wade through a sea of patients to see a consultant. The surge in the admissions in emergency and other wards, which usually crosses 100% occupancy mark, has forced the hospital administrations to increase their capacities. But extra beds and mattresses in the veranda outside wards hardy fail to help. The increase in the number of patients has also added to the burden on diagnostic centres, pathologies and pharmacies.TOI takes a look at the problemHospitals or relief camps? Take the example of Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, where around 3,000 patients report on any given day. Doctors estimate that around 30% of the total -- which is about 900 patients -- suffer from viral fever. Apart from four to five beds, all the wards are occupied with patients. \"Besides viral fever, the cases also include that of diarrhoea, vomiting and encephalitis, among others,\" said Dr M L Bhargava, medical superintendent at RML Hospital.The situation is no different at Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil Hospital. Here, about 50% of the average patient burden comprises those suffering from viral fever and infectious diseases. \"The patients have common flu symptoms along with high fever, headache and lethargy,\" said Dr S K Hasan, chief medical superintendent of the hospital. Similarly, at Balrampur Hospital, 20-30 patients are being admitted in the emergency ward on account of complications caused by viral fever. \"We will have to set up a relief camp if the situation remains the same,\" said a doctor on duty.Flavi virus causing trouble: Government doctors said that most patients are coming with complaints of high fever, chills, lethargy and headache. His senior and expert in medicine, Dr HN Tripathi, said that these patients are suffering from a condition called \"fever myalgia syndrome\". \"This condition is marked by abrupt onset of fever, chills, intense myalgia (pain in the body) and malaise (lethargy). Patients may also report joint pains (not to be confused with arthritis), anorexia (loss of appetite), nausea and vomiting. Headache is common and it may be severe. Some patients may complain of a photophobia (intolerance to bright light particularly sun) and retro-orbital pain (pain in the region behind the eyeball).Laboratory reports show that liver function alters and the overall platelet count goes down marginally,\" said Dr Tripathi. The senior consultant at Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil Hospital added that all this happens because of toxins released in the body when virus flows in the blood stream (condition called viremia). The experts blamed flavi viruses for the trouble. Physicians suggest that family members must consult the doctor if fever readings are more than 102 degrees on a regular basis. To monitor temperature effectively, one must prepare a chart containing temperature reading against time. Some warning signs such as fever accompanied with stomach ache, patient getting confused, not waking up on being shaken may also be taken into consideration.Dengue, Chikungunya knocking? It may not be wrong to say that the city is home to viruses and vectors. Thus, prevention is the only way out though official figures of the health department say that there are just seven persons have tested positive for dengue while no case of chikungunya have been reported. However, they say that September marks the onset of the season for vector-borne diseases.\"Sites of ongoing construction work in the city are full of places where the dengue-causing mosquitoes can breed,\" said a doctor in the Epidemic Cell. The medico has a point going by the World Health Organization document on dengue. It has identified construction sites as one of the main sources of the Tiger mosquito, responsible for the malaise. Scores of buildings are under construction in Gomtinagar, Aashiana and Alambagh area. Pot-holed roads and choked drains also facilitate breeding and spread of mosquitoes. Some easy ways to save oneself from mosquitoes are to wear full sleeve clothes, use repellents and not allow water to stagnate inside (for example in water coolers) and in the vicinity of their houses. Experts say that those living in other areas should also need to watch out. They must eliminate sources of vectors causing dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258984", "title": "Sporadic violence in Ranchi during Congress-called shutdown", "text": "RANCHI: Except a few sporadic incidents of violence in some localities, the daylong bandh called by the city unit of the Congress to protest the murder of businessman Sushil Kejriwal and deteriorating law and order situation in the state capital went off peacefully.Police said the bandh was peaceful as most of the business establishments remained closed during the day. \"We had made adequate deployment of force at all sensitive locations to ensure that the bandh supporters do not take law and order in hand. Yet they managed to damaged windscreens of few vehicles and headlights of two-wheelers near the civil court and Lalpur Chowk,\" said a police officer.The bandh supporters also damaged autorickshaws and private vehicles on Harmoo bypass road.Congress leader A K Singh, who was leading the protest near the civil court, said the bandh was announced. \"We did not target any emergency service. The medical stores also remained open during the day,\" Singh said apologizing for damage caused to private or public property.He admitted that the youth members of the party did use mild force to enforce the bandh by not allowing autorickshaws and buses during the day.SP (city) Vipul Shukla said no untoward incident was reported from any part of the city during the day. \"Policemen on duty ensured that none is able to disturb law and order or stop movement of vehicles carrying milk or patients,\" said Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259418", "title": "DIG\u2019s dad is his guru", "text": "CHANDIGARH: His father was his first teacher and even taught him at high school, till Class X. The moral values and discipline, taught by his father during his early years, helped the Chandigarh police deputy inspector general Alok Kumar to overcome various adversities and to leap big in professional life.Even today, Kumar approaches his father, Arjun Jha, for guidance, with full conviction in case he has any doubt in his mind.\"I consider myself very lucky to have him in my life. I am impressed with all traits of his personality like his down-to-earth attitude, honesty, logical thinking and upright approach. He was my teacher at home and even at school,\" Kumar, who considers his father his best teacher and mentor in life, told TOI.\"My father always taught me to remain honest with all endeavours of life and never get carried away with negative forces that could frighten you or discourage you. Living up to his directions, I chose to make a career in a constructive field that gives me ample opportunities to serve society,\" Kumar pointed out.Kumar's father is now settled in his hometown in Bihar after his retirement. However, Kumar remain in constant touch with him over phone and regularly visit him during his holidays.\"He always tells me to think logically and to make decisions that will not harm any section of the society,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257456", "title": "Food poisoning: 15 fall ill in Jhabua", "text": "BHOPAL: Fifteen children and four women - all tribals - on Tuesday took ill after consuming stale chicken and rice at Amba village, some 21 km from Jhabua district, officials said.After taking their lunch of chicken and rice - that was cooked last night, 19 people complained of vomiting and were rushed to para-primary health centre where condition of four women is stated to be serious, officials said. These people - all relatives took the same food as dinner on Monday. It appears that it had turned stale by afternoon when they took it resulting into food poisoning, official sources said. The victims had prepared chicken for a function organised to mark sowing of field. Para primary health centres Dr A S Khan claimed that the condition of the four is out of danger.Meanwhile, Jhabua chief medical and health officer ( CMHO) Rajni Dabur has rushed to the health centre to see the victims. Officials have sent the food sample after which 19 fell ill for a test, official sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16258854", "title": "Teachers' Day: Lohardaga teachers not to celebrate", "text": "LOHARDAGA: As many as 815 teachers from 394 primary and middle schools will not celebrate Teachers' Day on Wednesday. The decision was taken by the Jharkhand Prathmik Shikshak Sangh in protest against the government's failure pay their pending salary.Teachers of near 300 primary and 94 middle schools have not been paid their salary for July and August. Reason: the district has 74 posts of drawing disbursement officers (DDOs) and all these pots are currently lying vacant. Since promotion of teachers has been pending in the district for several years now, no school has headmasters who are DDOs to sign the cheques for teachers' salary.The lone DDO in the district retired in March. The area officer was then given the charge of the single DDO of the district but the post remained vacant after he was transferred to Pakur in July. On August 28, primary education director had ordered DSE Farhana Khatoon to countersign the cheques but she has informed the director that due to work pressure she was not able to sign them.\"As we have not been paid our salary for July and August, we have no other option other but keep ourselves away from the celebrations. The decision was taken at a meeting held to discuss the issue. We've also decided to give moral support to the state para teachers who are currently on an indefinite strike,\" said primary teachers' association principal secretary Kishore Kumar Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256870", "title": "AP State Haj Committee to call coordination meeting on September 12", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP State Haj Committee (SHC) will hold an all department coordination meeting on September 12 to discuss issues and arrangements, including accommodation of pilgrims travelling to Saudi Arabia . As a result of a severe space crunch in the Haj House highlighted in these columns on August 31, the minorities welfare department (MWD) has decided to take additional space near the Haj House on lease.The coordination meeting will bring together various central and state government departments such as APSRTC, GHMC, APTransco, customs and immigration. Officials said that in accordance with Haj arrangements made in the previous years, the airport authorities will arrange a baggage x-ray machine at the Haj House where pilgrims will be checked-in. Further, currency exchange counters will be set up at the Haj House.Ground handling services will be provided by Menzies Bobba Ground Handling Services Pvt Ltd. With at least two flights per day, SHC officials said that a minimum of 16 buses would be required to ferry passengers from the Haj House to the airport everyday.\"APSRTC will be carrying pilgrims to the airport. Since Saudi Arabian Airlines will be flying pilgrims to Jeddah, they will be preparing the ticket manifest. The Hyderabad airport authorities will look after infrastructure and apart from the routine services, they will also provide space for ablution and namaz at the Haj terminal in the airport. GHMC will be in charge of keeping the surroundings of the Haj House clean while R&B; department will set up barricades to facilitate entry and exit of people,\" a SHC official said.Dana Kishore, secretary MWD, said, \"We called for a meeting on Saturday to address the issue of space crunch. We will be taking a function hall on rent which is very close to Haj House. A round of discussions on the construction of a new Haj House was also held with Mohammed Ahmedullah, minister for minorities welfare, Wakf &amp; Urdu Academy. We hope something concrete will come of it soon.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16259844", "title": "House doubles as anganwadi or 22 years", "text": "Hassan: Bhagya's house has been doubling as an anganwadi for the past 22 years. The anganawadi centre at Vaddarahalli in Arakalgudu taluk does not have its own building despite repeated requests. Fed up with her requests falling on deaf ears, Bhagya decided to run the anganwadi from her own house. \"I can't teach them on the road, can I? I put up a notice in front of my house and have been teaching children for the past 22 years. As per the government policy, I get my salary and groceries for the food. Without any reward I am accommodating the students. I am using my own kitchen to cook. The government has not given me any additional rent for it,\" she said. When I found it difficult to run the anganwadi from my house, I approached the government. After 8 years of running around, they sanctioned a building in 2007. But the building is yet to be constructed,\" Bhagya says. Mahesh V, a villager, says that construction on the anganwadi centre began five years ago and has yet to be completed. \"Moreover, the building looks like it will come crashing down any day,\" he adds fearfully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16259900", "title": "Panelists divided, submit 2 reports", "text": "Mysore: The expert panel on Lansdowne on Tuesday submitted two separate reports on conserving the heritage structure as members Vishwanatha and Rahman together authored one report while Govindan Kutty penned the other. But both reports suggest preservation of the monument, something which has come as a shot in the arm for conservation. \"We are for preservation of the heritage monuments in Mysore as it is declared as Heritage City. This will help us in our efforts,\" heritage commissioner K R Ramakrishna told TOI. He will consult the experts in conservation and take their feedback on preservation of the heritage monuments identified by the department. Vishwanath and Rahman are categorical about the status of the building. \"A detailed examination of the building indicates clearly that the building, as it stands, is not in a safe condition. This is also evident from the series of partial collapses that have occurred in the last two decades,\" they have said in their report which was submitted to district minister S A Ramdas. The duo has recommended reconstruction of the ceiling along with masonry walls on the first floor. The work will cost, according to their estimates, Rs 3.5 crore. In his report, Kutty said: \"The building can be restored and conserved and used for many years to come. Proper regular maintenance will make sure the building lasts for many centuries to come.\" Kutty's estimates peg the cost at Rs 2 crore. Ramdas said the administration will consult stakeholders, including elected representatives, and decide which module to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258275", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation seizes 33 PoP idols before HC stops seizures", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Tuesday directed the civic body to stop seizing plaster of Paris (PoP) Ganesh idols till further orders. However, before that, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had seized 33 PoP idols from Bastarwari in East Nagpur.Implementing a ban on PoP idols imposed by NMC, a 10-member squad of NMC Satranjipura Zone led by assistant commissioner Vijay Humne inspected the premises of idol maker Praveen Mohatekar at Bastarwari at around 4pm on Tuesday. The squad found around 135 idols stocked in the premises. Asked about PoP idols, Mohatekar reportedly admitted 33 PoP idols in his possession. The squad checked the other idols and found them to be made of clay. The squad seized the 33 PoP idols and shifted them to a safe place.Meanwhile, PoP idols makers, including Vinod Ramchandra Gupta and nine others, filed a writ petition in the high court challenging the ban imposed by NMC from August 30. Advocate Shrirang Bhandarkar, who represented the petitioners, told TOI that the division bench comprising Vasanti Naik and SP Deshmukh passed verbal directives to NMC not to seize any idols. The bench will now hear the matter on Wednesday. \"NMC agreed to give an undertaking not to seize idols,\" he said.Mayor Anil Sole and municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane also held meetings with 22 NGOs, requesting their help in spreading awareness among citizens about pollution of water bodies due to immersion of PoP idols. Office bearers and NMC officials were also present.The NGOs suggested installation of artificial immersion tanks at all water bodies to prevent immersion of PoP idols in water bodies, especially lakes. They also suggested installation of bins for collection of nirmalya. They appreciated the NMC decision to ban PoP idols, which pollute water bodies and pose threat to aquatic life.Besides, NMC has decided to meet public Ganesh mandals on September 11. NMC may urge the activists to decide specific height of idols to ensure proper immersion. NMC will also request the mandals not to install PoP idols, as these idols do not dissolve in water, and hence do not meet the very purpose of worship.NMC had imposed a ban on PoP idols after passing a resolution in the general body last year. But the ban was imposed from August 30, after passing bylaws in the meeting on August 28.A senior NMC official told TOI that the decision to ban PoP idols was implemented after various bylaws and notifications were cleared by the government. \"Even the Centre made construction of immersion tanks beside lakes mandatory to prevent immersion of all types of idols in lakes while sanctioning funds for rejuvenation of Sonegaon and Gandhisagar lakes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16259662", "title": "ANF to continue combing as a confidence building measure", "text": "Mangalore: The Anti Naxal Force (ANF) will continue its combing operations in the Subrahmanya area, at the foothills of Western Ghats, for a few more days as a confidence building measure among the local population. ANF IGP Alok Kumar told TOI that they had detected some old Naxal sites about five kilometers from Cheru village. \"It is not a new site. It is not even a camp, but there are traces of somebody having stayed there. We have to see where exactly the Naxalites who visited Kalkunda area a few days back were staying,'' he added. Regarding local police inaction after information was passed on by the villagers' about Naxal presence, Kumar said he was not aware of it. \"Moreover, the local police may not be aware of the gravity of the situation. It's more of a practical problem since they don't have the strength to deal with this kind of a problem,'' he said. \"We have given our phone numbers to the villagers. When they call us, we will rush personnel from the nearest camp site - at least to the village if not the area where Naxal activity has been detected to reassure people,'' Kumar noted. On the intention of Naxalites in coming to this area for the first time, Kumar said they may have sensed fear among the local population hence they visited again, unlike Shishila and other place where after the first day, they disappeared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257261", "title": "CAG slams NHAI for Rs 874 crore loss", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) has drawn CAG's flak for the potential loss of Rs 874 crore on account of delays in completion of projects for connecting major ports through highways. The authority also incurred a revenue loss of over Rs 127 crore on account of delay in setting up special purpose vehicles (SPVs), it said.While five of the Rs 3,157 crore projects are yet to be completed, four saw delays of up to 53 months, the CAG said in its report tabled in Parliament on Tuesday.\"Due to ineffective toll collection operations of SPVs, toll collection was either delayed or suspended and SPVs sustained revenue loss of Rs 127.68 crore. Potential loss of toll revenue, due to delay in completion of PRC projects, worked out to Rs 873.85 crore,\" the CAG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258460", "title": "Citizens flay judiciary for inaction on pandals", "text": "NAGPUR: What happens when lawmakers turn lawbreakers? Apparently, nothing. Both police and NMC continue to ignore all illegalities and even judiciary looks the other way. In classic case of fence eating the farm, leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre, former corporator Baba Maind, and many others are openly flouting the rules by erecting huge pandals on roads, thus severely disrupting the traffic. In the process they are effectively saying nobody- police, NMC or judiciary- can stop them.Social activist Dinesh Naidu, who had earlier filed a contempt petition (No 256/2010) through his NGO Parivartan in this regard two years back, slammed the judiciary for not acting on its own orders despite the fact that such illegal hoardings, welcome gates, arches, and pandals could be seen during this festival period or during elections. \"When the judiciary knew that both police and NMC were failing in their duty, it should take suo motu action. Even when somebody points out all the violations through a petition, it is kept pending since two years. What can you expect,\" he lamented.Naidu asked when former mayor, who is now leader of opposition in NMC and a corporator, himself is breaking the rules, what could be expected from common people? \"In such circumstances, NMC and police shouldn't take action any against common people, be it for wrong parking or non-payment of property tax. It is sad to experience that one of the pillars of democracy ie judiciary is also not coming to the rescue of common man. I have now lost all hope in country's justice delivery system,\" Naidu added.Another activist and lawyer Vinod Tiwari, who too is fighting these illegalities, is also fed up with inaction of NMC and police. He threatened to file a contempt petition against the both. \"It is a brazen violation of high court orders and none of the city's bosses are taking it seriously. How much longer will this go on,\" he asked. He added that it was time citizens came on the street to fight this menace. \"With festival season coming, illegal structures will mushroom at every nook and corner of the city, severely affecting the traffic. This will continue unless NMC and police commissioners wake up,\" he said.Last year, NGO Jan Akrosh representing Abhyankar Nagar citizens had raised voice against Thakre's illegal pandal. They had met police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay and collector Saurabh Rao who was then holding additional charge of NMC commissioner. They submitted a representation complaining about problems faced by nearby residents and shopkeepers due to huge pandal and noise pollution by the activists while pointing out violations of court's orders. The residents, including Ravindra Kaskhedikar, Dr Anil Laddhad, Bhagwan Tewani, Vinay Kunte and Jayant Deo, had prayed not to grant permissions to such illegal structures in future which were impediment to traffic. \"Sadly, nothing happened. This year as well, they have started blocking the road by erecting pandals,\" a member told TOI.NMC commissioner Shyam Wardhane stated he would ask all his zonal officers to review the situation and if anyone was found damaging roads, they would be punished. \"The issue is serious and we will ensure that high court's orders are not flouted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16260325", "title": "Chief minister busts dengue 'myth' with stats", "text": "Kolkata: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday took to playing the numbers game to prove that the dengue situation in Bengal is not as grave as it is being made out to be.She held up the official figure of three deaths against statistics from the southern states - Karanataka , Tamil Nadu, and Kerala - to make the dengue toll in the state look paltry.According to the CM, there have so far been 39 dengue deaths in Tamil Nadu, 17 in Karataka and nine in Kerala against only three in West Bengal. The number of people afflicted by dengue till August this year was 1,869 in Karnataka, 2,683 in Kerala, 4,675 in Tamil Nadu and only 638 in Bengal, she said.In a bid to silence her Left critics, she pointed out that there were 6,273 cases of dengue and 34 deaths from the virus in Bengal in 2005, when the Left Front was still in power. Unofficially, the toll in Bengal has gone past 16, but the government has so far refused to acknowledge the deaths reported by private hospitals and nursing homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16259287", "title": "Emerging Kerala: SCMS to invest 150 crore", "text": "KOCHI: SCMS Group, a Kochi-based academic house, plans to develop an academic complex in the Smart City campus with an investment of Rs 150 crore, said G P C Nayar, chairman of the group. The project will be presented in the Emerging Kerala event in Kochi this month.\"The Kakkanad region of Kochi has roughly 50,000 people working in various industries and this number is expected to touch 4.5 lakh by the calendar year 2020. SCMS Group aims to render state-of-the-art academic service to the working executives of this fast developing Information Technology hub of Kerala,\" Nayar said in a statement.SCMS will set up a higher secondary school with play school, engineering college, business school and a management and technology training institute, to cater to the children of the executives working in Smart City. The first phase of the project would be complete by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257273", "title": "3 members of attention diversion gang nabbed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Saifabad police have arrested three members of an inter-state attention diversion gang from Tamil Nadu on Tuesday and recovered Rs 2 lakh worth stolen property from their possession.Acting on a tip-off, police arrested P Deepu, R Kumar and S Vivekanandan from the Nampally railway station on Tuesday and recovered Rs 1.2 lakh cash, $179, 7 Singapore dollars, three gold rings and some land documents from their possession. According to police, the trio along with their associates, Selva Pandian and Laxman, stole the hand bag of a businessman near Dwaraka Tiffins in Lakdi-ka-pul by diverting his attention on August 17. Preliminary probe revealed that the offence was committed by an attention diversion gang headed by Selva Pandian from Tamil Nadu.The Saifabad police nabbed three members of the gang the railway station when they were trying to board a train. The arrested were produced before court. A man-hunt has been launched to nab the absconding culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257445", "title": "NSUI student set on fire by Bajrang Dal activists dies", "text": "BHOPAL: Rahul Joshi, the 20-year-old NSUI worker from Betul district who was allegedly set ablaze on August 31 by four activists of the Bajrang Dal-ABVP combine succumbed to burn injuries late on Monday night.The victim sustained 30% burns and was undergoing treatment at the Padhar Christian Missionaries Hospital.Congress called for Betul district bandh on Wednesday protesting the death of their student-wing worker.Rahul was the only son of his parents, the Congress said. His body was cremated on Tuesday morning under tight security arrangements and in the presence of the district collector B Chandrasekhar and superintendent of police Lalit Shakiawar.Three days before his death, Rahul Joshi gave his statement to the police claiming that the four youths attached to Bajrang Dal and the BJP students' wing ABVP walked him out of his residence and thereafter poured kerosene and set him ablaze. Police on Saturday arrested the four accused identified as Shyam Shukla, Vijay Choudhary, Abhilash Yadav and Vinod Morae and produced them before the court of chief judicial magistrate. They were remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258851", "title": "HRD ministry has poor record in filling SC/ST teaching slots in central varsities", "text": "NEW DELHI: The HRD ministry has overwhelmingly supported the proposed legislation that seeks to give reservation to SC/ST central government employees in promotion.But the scenario in HRD's own backyard is anything but enthusiastic. Just over 32% of sanctioned teaching posts for SCs and 41.8% for STs in 40 central universities are occupied. This includes premier institutions like the Delhi University, Jawaharlal Nehru University, Aligarh Muslim University and University of Hyderabad. Vacancies exist at all three categories \u2014 assistant professor, associate professor and professor.Ironically, in central universities, central government-run deemed universities and colleges not only there are reservation for SCs/STs for direct recruitment, but also in promotion. JNU was the last central varsity to agree to give reservation in promotion. Only IITs and IIMs have been exempted from grant of reservation in promotion.On the face of it, the ministry claims it has done everything possible to improve the situation. Its effort includes writing regular letters to central universities and other institutions to launch special drives to fill the backlog vacancies for SCs/STs. Regulator University Grants Commission (UGC) shows its 2006 guidelines for strict implementation of reservation policy in central government institutions. UGC also told universities not to indulge in the practice of creating department-wise cadres which tends to create single posts with artificially reduced number of posts to avoid reservation. \"Initially, many universities protested against reservation in promotion but eventually fell in line,\" a ministry official says.Rajya Sabha MP Bhalchandra Mungekar, who was actively involved in formulation of UGC's 2006 regulation, counters the ministry's claim. \"The basic problem is that central universities are not following UGC's guideline. Reservation in direct recruitment is being flouted,\" he says. Another senior academician involved in working for SCs/STs in central universities says, \"If vacancies at the entry level are not filled it would adversely affect the overall picture. Reservation in promotion would not help, vacancies would still remain.\" While JNU has worked out a process of reservation in promotion at the level of associate professor, Delhi University is yet to firm up anything concrete. A section within JNU maintains diluting quality for promotion would have long-term impact. System of affiliated colleges in DU makes it difficult to put in place a system of reservation in promotion, says a senior DU official.As for ever-increasing vacancies in central universities, a ministry official says, \"There is a big lobby at work in all central universities. They are more interested in running the show through ad-hoc appointments. Delhi University has roughly 4,000 ad-hoc teachers and it has not done any recruitment for the past two years. Delay is on account of various factors. For instance, each interview board requires a presidential nominee. But between the university and the HRD ministry nominating one person takes months and in some cases even a year.\"Aligarh Muslim University: Sanctioned SC post: 283, Filled 1 Sanctioned ST post: 142, Filled 0Delhi University: Sanctioned SC post: 255, Filled 44 Sanctioned ST post: 128, Filled 14JNU: Sanctioned SC post: 109, Filled 24 Sanctioned ST post: 55, Filled 9BHU: Sanctioned SC post: 362, Filled 115 Sanctioned ST post 181, Filled 30", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16256735", "title": "Anil promises a better 2013 for group cos", "text": "MUMBAI: Reliance Group chairman Anil Ambani in back-to-back annual general meetings of group companies (AGMs) of Reliance Capital (Rel Cap), Reliance Communications (RCOM), Reliance Power (RPower) and Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra), on Tuesday assured shareholders that 2013 would be a turning point for the conglomerate, leading to a spurt in the stock prices of group companies in a flat Mumbai market.Ambani said Rel Cap board will consider a special dividend in its September 10 meeting. He also said that the company has delivered its promise as it recovered its entire investment of Rs 3,000 crore in Reliance Life by selling 26% stake to Japan's Nippon Life and would list the company at an appropriate time after discussions with its new partner and regulatory approvals.At the AGM, RCap CEO Sam Ghosh said that it was ready with resources for entering the banking sector and was waiting regulatory guidelines to make the move.The company's stock closed 3.4% higher at Rs 331 where shareholders were wary of Rs 35,000 crore debt the company has on its books.Ambani assured investors that RCOM India's second-biggest telecoms carrier by customers will next year explore options to reduce its debt, including a possible sale of stake in its mobile tower arm. He also said the company would again attempt to list its undersea cable arm in Singapore when market conditions improve. The RCOM stock closed 5% higher at Rs 50.At RPower's, he said that the company will consider paying its maiden dividend next year and ruled out the possibility of its merger with RInfra. Ambani said the company will be investing Rs 25,000 crore in developing three hydro power projects and another Rs 5,000 crore in coal mine development.The stock closed 1.5% higher at Rs 78. At the last AGM of the day, that of RInfra, Ambani said that 10 road projects and Mumbai metro project will be completed by 2013 and will start generating revenues. Its stock ended 1.4% higher at Rs 446.Shareholders of the four firms approved Reliance Group's plans to raise funds through equity dilution in the four listed entities, which may fetch up to $3 billion (about Rs 16,000 crore) at current market prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262165", "title": "Priyanka plays Florence Nightingale to Parineeti", "text": "Not that she was ever unpopular. But Priyanka Chopra is making a huge effort to appease her enemies in Bollywood. While wooing Salman Khan and his entire family, and that includes Helen Aunty, Priyanka is now making all efforts to be in Karan Johar's good books.On Monday night at Shabana Azmi's Mijwan Sonnets In Fabric 2012 fashion show at the Grand Hyatt which was nearly wash-out before the stars descended on the crowds and decided to eclipse the clouds, Priyanka hung around with Karan Johar non-stop.Priyanka is also actively supporting her cousin Parineeti Chopra. Apparently the younger Chopra star sprained her ankle just minutes before she was to walk the ramp. Says the source, \"Parineeti somehow went through the act, and then collapsed backstage. Priyanka rushed with Karan Johar to her side, attended to her ankle made sure she was comfortable. It was an amazing visual of sisterly concern.\"To cheer the ramp walkers, there was Shabana's buddy Urmila Matondkar and many others. Those who finally walked the ramp in spite of the torrential rains included Priyanka Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha , Imran Khan , Chitrangda Singh, Prabhu Deva (who did a jig on the ramp), Prateik, Kalki Koechlin, Parineeti Chopra (in spite of the badly sprained ankle) and Arjun Kapoor.There were three debutantes on the ramp at the show. Clearly, they were the scene-stealers of the evening. Says our onlooker at the show, \"When Mary Kom walked into the lounge where all the stars had assembled before the show, everyone gave her a standing ovation. She blushed and carried herself like true star on the ramp.\"The second debutante on the ramp was Neeta Ambani who was most reluctant to do the needful. She had never walked the stage before but was persuaded by Shabana who requested Mukesh Ambani to do sifarish, which he did wholeheartedly and enthusiastically.The third debutante on the ramp was Shabana Azmi's 10-year old niece, Baba &amp; Tanvi Azmi's 10-year old daughter Meghna. On the ramp, the little scene-stealer said, \"My dada baba Kaifi Azmi taught me that girls are equal to boys. My brother Viraj is still to learn the lesson but I am trying to teach him!\"There were many Kodak moments on the ramp. And one of them eventuated when Prabhu Deva met Mary Kom backstage. Apparently the two have a mutual admiration society going. Though they had never met before, there was instant camaraderie between them.Prankster of the evening was Prateik. Prateik kept platefuls of fries in front of Dia Mirza , Shahana Goswami, Kalki Koechlin and Shazahn Padamsee to tempt them. Even though the girls were ravenous, they ate only fruit looking heartbrokenly at the fries.Shabana jubilantly said after the show, \"Thankfully it went all right eventually in spite of the rains. We started very late. But the house was 80 percent full. Many of my friends who were supposed to be part of the audience couldn't make it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257709", "title": "One more tests positive for swine flu", "text": "BHOPAL: A 45-year-old woman, resident of Gandhi Nagar area has been tested positive for the swine flu virus, according to the health officials here on Tuesday. The sixth positive H1N1 infection in Bhopal this year, was confirmed by Regional Medical Research Centre Jabalpur. So far this year, three deaths have been attributed to swine flu in the city.\"Medical teams have been sent to Gandhi Nagar area to curb any possible spread of the disease,\" said district chief medical and health officer Dr Pankaj Shukla. \"I have informed the integrated disease surveillance project swine flu epidemiologist to visit the site,\" he added. However, when contacted, district swine flu epidemiologist Dr Rashmi Jain was unaware of the positive report. Doctors said the female is critical. Five samples of suspected cases were sent to RMRC on Monday, four off which are negative, he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258305", "title": "More people suspected in Chand Babu kidnapping", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after abductors of 3-year-old Chand Babu were arrested by Lakadganj police, cops asked the court for three days of custody to find the exact reason for the kidnapping.The cops are not believing the kidnappers' story that they just wanted to teach the boy's father a lesson and extort just Rs 50,000. They want more days to investigate. Chand Babu was abducted from his residence at Shanti Nagar on August 29.Abductors Irfan Ansari and his cousin Naushad Ansari were produced before the district and session court on Tuesday afternoon. On being requested by police, JMFC DR Deshmukh granted police custody till September 7.\"We also suspect more people were involved in the case. Besides checking call details and other things, we will have to plan how to nab other accused too,\" said police. Cops had asked the court to award police custody till September 10, but were granted till September 7.The duo had been arrested at Samastipur in Bihar on Saturday. Irfan told the cops that he planned the abduction to take revenge, since Chand's father refused to give additional money during Eid festival. Irfan had been upset since he could not purchase new clothes for his three children.According to the police, Irfan's plan was to demand ransom of Rs 50,000 from Chand's father. Sources said Chand's family had already deposited Rs25,000 in Irfan's account.There was no defence lawyer for the accused. The public prosecutor claimed that cops suspect more people were involved in the abduction plan. So far, police have seized cell phones and SIM cards from the accused.Cops are yet to check the call details, which will reveal if more people were involved in the kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258523", "title": "Govt shies away from tabling CAG report on 16 urban local bodies in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: A study, conducted by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), on the \"performance reporting in urban local bodies\" (ULBs) has not been tabled in Parliament since the government perceived major embarrassment over the lack of transparency in expenditure of thousands of crores of taxpayers' money transferred directly to ULBs and the absence any proper account details.Reacting swiftly on the top auditor's report, the government summoned 16 municipal commissioners, 16 mayors heading these urban local bodies and 16 principal secretaries from as many states for a conference at CAG headquarters here.Union urban development minister Kamal Nath jointly organized the conference with CAG Vinod Rai to address the concerns raised by the top auditor on lack of transparency in maintaining accounts on the Centre's key development schemes.With Parliament in session and the government facing flak over coal block allocations, the report has been kept out of public domain and instead be discussed with representatives of states and local bodies to set a benchmark and initiate reforms in ULBs.CAG has been emphasizing on the need to audit accounts of ULBs, even if they are to be initially undertaken by other agencies. The heads of 16 municipalities, called for the meeting, are a mix of best performers and laggards. They include Ahmedabad, Srinagar, Patna, Kolkata, Shillong, Meerut, Dehradun, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Jabalpur Pimpri-Chinchwad and Kozhikode among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257958", "title": "Sri Lanka's travel advisory: Textile, agriculture traders will be hit", "text": "CHENNAI: The Sri Lankan government's decision to issue an advisory to its citizens against travelling to Tamil Nadu may adversely impact trade between the two neighbours, resulting in a loss of opportunity for textile and commodity businesses here. In the near term, the impact may be felt by the smaller businesses.\"Numerous Lankans shop in T Nagar for their wedding purchases. I know each Lankan boarding the plane back to Colombo carries 40 sarees each. The margins are nearly 100% for these sarees. These guys may get impacted,\" trade sources said.\"Businesses of small traders and unorganized traders could be affected as they might not be able to ship directly to Chennai and would have to route it through Mumbai or such other locations,\" C S Muthu Subramaniyan, President of the India-ASEAN Sri Lanka Chamber of Commerce and Industry said. If the issue continues to simmer, and identity politics and Lankan war crimes remain the key issues for regional parties until the next Lok Sabha elections, the environment may become unfavourable for bigger businesses such as those involved in hospitality, tourism, commodities too.\"South Indians, particularly farmers and sugar companies from Tamil Nadu will be affected,\" said Somi Hazari, managing director of the Chennai-based Shosova group. Shosova is into export and import of edible oils and other food items.Other commodities like onions and lentils from other parts of India too are exported to Sri Lanka via Tamil Nadu because of proximity to Sri Lanka and price competitiveness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258620", "title": "Lucknow University seeks help of department heads to locate expelled students", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to check entry of expelled students in the various postgraduate courses (PG), Lucknow University authorities have sought the help of various head of the departments. The university has asked the heads to cross check the names of expelled students with those admitted in various postgraduate courses. However, a number of HoDs have pointed out that they have no details of the students admitted in their departments in the current academic year.\"We have repeatedly been asking the admission committee officials to send us a list of students, who have taken admission in our department. But, till date, we have received nothing. In such a situation, how are the heads supposed to cross check the names of expelled students with those admitted,\" asked a head of the department. Another HoD said, \"Now when few expelled students have already taken admission with connivance of some teachers and employees, the university has asked us to cross-check the names. It is an insulting and a futile exercise, as we have no data of the students admitted.\"HoDs pointed out that in the past two years, the admission process for PG courses have undergone a change. The university vice-chancellor appoints admission committee, which consists of teachers from different courses. These officials are responsible right from uploading the form on website, submission, scrutiny, finalising the names, organising the merit list till submitting the fee and giving final admission. The only role of the HoDs is to verify the documents at the time of counselling. But, as per the rules, admission to undergraduate course should be done with the approval of dean and that in PG, heads are suppose to take a final call on admissions.Senior university professors informed that till early 90s, admission to PG courses were done through a written test. The test paper consisted of objective, short and long question type and was prepared by the departmental teachers. In mid 90's, the merit index of the student was also taken into account along with the marks obtained in the test. But gradually, in the beginning of 20{+t}{+h} century, all PG admissions were done on merit basis but departments played a big role.On non-availability of list of admitted students, LUTA president Vinod Singh said, \"This reflects that some individuals have become, so powerful that they have overlooked the rules and regulations formulated by the university authorities. The list of students admitted in all PG courses should be immediately uploaded on the website.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bellary/bangalore", "code": "16257547", "title": "Karnataka CM cuts short netas' junket abroad", "text": "BELLARY/BANGALORE: Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Tuesday issued a directive to a dozen legislators, currently on a junket abroad, to cut short their holiday and return immediately. Their fortnight-long South America-Dubai jaunt had incurred the wrath of civil society, among others, more so because the state is reeling under a drought.Shettar told reporters in Bellary that he had instructed all the legislators to come back immediately. \"I will not allow any minister or legislator to go on a foreign jaunt in future as the state is reeling under drought. They should have cancelled the trip when so many districts are facing drought,\" he said.None of the members could be contacted and it's not certain whether they will abide by the CM's directive.As per their schedule, they were in Cuzco (Peru) en route to Machu Picchu , a World Heritage Site, on Tuesday. The tour commenced on August 31 and they were scheduled to return to Bangalore on September 15 after a two-day halt in Dubai.The legislators are members of the legislature committee on public undertakings and the tour was to study urban local governance in Brazil and Argentina. Some members are accompanied by their spouses.Committee chairman CC Patil said he didn't accompany the members for two reasons: the drought was severe in his Dharwad district and the South America trip was finalized before he headed the panel. But Patil, scheduled to join them in Dubai, said: \"I'm yet to decide; in all probability I may not go.\"Two former CMs, BS Yeddyurappa and DV Sadananda Gowda, opposed the jaunt by members while Congress president G Parameshwara said his party would consider taking action against their legislators who had been asked to drop out.Shettar had also expressed his unhappiness over members going ahead with the jaunt and said speaker K G Bopaiah had cleared the trip though he (Shettar) was against it. There are 15 more such legislature committees whose members were preparing to fly out in the next couple of days to other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "dhanbad/ranchi", "code": "16258969", "title": "Coalgate: CBI raids at five locations in Jharkhand", "text": "DHANBAD/RANCHI: A CBI team investigating the allotment of coal blocks on Tuesday raided four locations in Dhanbad and Ranchi. The raids in Dhanbad were conducted at the office and residence of the Tulsyan family, which owns Armoa Coke. In Ranchi, the raid was at the residence of Vijay Joshi, close aide of former chief minister Madhu Koda and a stakeholder in Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Limited.CBI sources said Tulsyan's office and residence were raided to probe his alleged association with Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Limited. \"We have managed to get some incriminating documents from his office. The documents shows that he has not only been misusing the coal block, but also coal linkage,\" said a source. Vini Iron and Steel is one of the five companies against which the CBI has registered a case in the Rs 1.86 lakh crore coal block allotment scam. The company has got a captive mine with estimated reserve of around 7.04 million tonnes in Rajhara North block in Daltonganj districtTulsyan, however, claimed innocence. \"I do not know why my office and residence is being searched. I sold Vini Iron and Steel Udyog a few months before the coal block was allocated. I should not be penalized just because I was the original applicant for the coal block,\" he said. The CBI also searched the premises of Rajiv Tulsyan and Vinay Tulsiyan and their partner Hemant Chaurasiya's plant at Katras.Directors of one of the companies, Aroma Coke, located in Govindpur on the outskirts of the town, said they had applied for coal blocks five years ago to facilitate power supply to their proposed steel and power plant at Chandil. Tulsyan claimed they could not proceed with their plant as the area was infested with Maoists and the government could not assure them security for the plant.No one from Vijay Joshi's family was ready to speak on the matter. CBI officials who raided Joshi's house on Kanke Road, also to comment as the raids were still in progress. \"We will be able to speak on the matter only after the search is complete. In the preliminary raids, we have managed to get some important evidence that proves irregularities in coal block allocation,\" said the officer.Sources said that one of the five companies named in the FIR at one point of time tried to take over Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Limited for a power plant. \"We are trying to correlate the two to find out how it could have benefitted the power plant,\" said the source. At present Koda and Joshi are lodged in Birsa Munda Central Jail and facing trial in a money laundering case. Joshi also has the power of attorney to operate a glass factory which belongs to Binod Sinha, another associate of Koda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258467", "title": "Nagpur court rejects bail plea of power thief", "text": "NAGPUR: The special court on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail application of an alleged power thief, Gangadhar Bhagatkar. He had been booked under Section 135 and 138 of Electricity Act, 2003, for power theft on August 17 by Spanco's vigilance team.Bhagatkar is a resident of Timki area and was accused of unauthorized diversion of electricity from his meter connection by using Electro Static Device (ESD). The device is made with an electronic circuit and a coil, which gets activated on pressing a small button and produces high voltage or high frequency, which interferes with the display reading on the meter within seconds. In this meter, high frequency was being used. To use this device, one needed only to place the coil close to the electronic meter display screen and press the button, to stop the meter from recording electricity use.The raiding team assessed the stolen electricity to be worth Rs1,75,688, since the entire connected load of 5.7kW was operated by using an estimated 10,326 units. Subsequently, an FIR was lodged at Gaddigodam police station.Spanco has appealed to consumers to refrain from power theft, and come forward to provide information regarding any illegal activity related to electricity on 0712-6660006 or 07507773001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257818", "title": "Kin rubbish suicide theory, allege honour killing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dismissing Delhi Police's suicide theory, the family of Paras Bhasin has alleged a cover-up in the case. Saying that it was hard to believe that Paras could have killed himself, family members said the suicide premise was only a ploy to protect Bhasin's in-laws.\"It's a case of honour killing. The girl's rich and influential parents committed the act in a well-planned manner after several failed attempts to warn my brother from meeting his wife. They got married secretly in May but the family came to know about this last week only,\" alleged Surbhi, the victim's younger sister. She said that Paras was worried about Shelly as she had been 'put under house arrest' by the in-laws since they got to know of the secret marriage and was exploring legal options to seek her custody on the fateful day.\"Paras called me at 1pm on Saturday saying that he was going to meet a lawyer. I suggested that he should take my husband along. Then, around 3.30 pm, he received a call from unknown people who said they were waiting for him outside our house. They called him inside the car and drove away. At 4.30pm, we were informed about his death,\" claimed Surbhi.The victim's uncle, J M Chadha, who rushed to the spot after being directed by the caller, said the informer was nowhere to be seen and his here the body was lying but when they reached there he was not present and thephone number was switched off. \"The body was chopped into multiple pieces. Paras's phone was crushed and the Sim could not be found. We suspect that men hired by his in-laws killed him and flung the body parts across the railway tracks to project it as a suicide case,\" he alleged. Chadha added that at least 100 people from the locality protested at the police stations in Anand Vihar and Hari Nagar demanding that the in-laws should be interrogated but police officials maintained it was a clear case of suicide.The family said Paras and Shelly were in a relationship for six years. \"They met at a coaching centre in Rajouri Garden, fell in love and decided to marry in January this year. Paras was earning good money from his tattoo art and was also helping his father in his real estate business. In May, they wed secretly after the girl raised apprehensions over the fact that her family may raise objections,\" said Surbhi. On August 26, Shelly told her family about the marriage. \"Her mother called Paras to a mall near Anand Vihar. I accompanied him. Shelly's mother said she would not like to be seen publicly with us. We discussed the future possibilities in the car only,\" she added. On August 29, Paras went to their house in Ganesh Nagar where he was allegedly threatened.\"This is not a suicide case. This is a clear case of honour killing. Our demand is that the case should be handed over to the crime branch for a fair inquiry,\" said a family member. Friends of Paras took out a candle light march in Tilak Nagar area on Tuesday.The family of Paras Bhasin, the 23-year-old tattoo artist whose mutilated body was found on the railway tracks in east Delhi on Saturday, has alleged cover-up by the police. They claimed on Tuesday that the suicide theory being promulgated in investigations was hard to believe and allegedly a ploy to save Paras's in-laws who had threatened to kill him even before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16259251", "title": "GAS enters Kerala market", "text": "KOCHI: Italian fashion brand GAS has entered the Kerala market through the retail store network of Suncorp Exim India Pvt Ltd. The collection of GAS men's footwear will be available at 45 retail stores in the state. Suncorp operates 195 exclusive branded retail outlets in the country and holds license for the distribution of GAS footwear.Priced between Rs 600 and Rs 5,000, the men's footwear will target a mass market with flip flops, casual slippers, hand crafted sandals, canvas and leather shoes. A trendy collection for women will be out by next year, said Rajeev Uppal, chief executive officer of Suncorp.\"The domestic footwear industry is expected to touch Rs 47,000 crore by 2025 due to the growing fashion consciousness among Indians, and it has created a huge platform for International brands to penetrate the market and cash this opportunity to get a bigger market share,\" he observed.Suncorp will open about 700-800 retail outlets across India, including the 45 stores in Kerala in the first year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259107", "title": "Tough times made this teacher tougher", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ramsinghbhai Jadav, 57, has thrown a challenge to anyone who can find a school more beautiful than Mandva Kendravati Primary School.\"If you find a school that is more beautiful, I will resign the next moment,\" said Jadav, principal of a government-run school, situated at Mandva village in Bhavnagar.Jadav, who joined the school as an assistant teacher in 1983, has been instrumental in raising donations worth Rs 22 lakh from villagers, including industrialists from the village who have settled in Mumbai and Surat.The school has a fountain, a garden and about 1,000 trees. There are two bird feeders (chabutra), which are frequented by white pigeons and other birds. Students celebrate their birthdays by bringing three kilograms of variety of seeds from home and feeding them to the birds. While the village faces the problem of water scarcity, Jadav ensured that the school never faces any such problem. The school has four huge underground tanks for collecting rainwater, which is used for various school activities.All the 425 students in the school are given free uniforms, besides lunch and sweets once in two months. The school has a library, a computer centre, a projector worth Rs 1 lakh and an air-conditioned prayer hall that can accommodate 700 students.\"There is not a single child in the village who does not attend the school. Students from less privileged backgrounds are given clothes, bags, woolens while grocery is supplied to their homes to ensure they do not miss school due to financial reasons,\" said Jadav, who became the principal in 1992.Jadav, who comes from a poor family, decided to contribute to education after he failed in class 8. \"We faced tough times financially when I was young. Upon failing my class 8 examinations, my father told me that it was okay and that I must continue to appear for the exams till the time I get thorough. This inspired me to do something towards in the field of education,\" said Jadav, who was given the award for the best teacher by Gujarat government in 2003 and President's Award for Teachers in 2005.Some time ago, a private school opened in Mandva but was eventually closed after no student attended the classes. Jadav has about 14 months of service before he retires.\"I will continue doing something for the school as I cannot imagine living without these students. I want to make the most of the opportunity to serve and enjoy the teaching profession,\" said Jadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257119", "title": "Civic body gives up fight against mosquitoes in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a spurt in dengue and malaria cases in the city, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has given up the fight against mosquito menace and appealed to educational institutes and software companies to take up anti-larval operations on their own. The civic body found that most victims were students of educational institutions and employees of software companies.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu, in an official release issued here on Tuesday, said the corporation's urban malaria wing could not completely cover all areas and requested the establishments to pay special attention on mosquito control measures. He also requested the institutes and firms to cooperate with the malaria wing personnel.Krishna Babu said the GHMC's entomology wing had taken up two rounds of special drives for six days last month covering 472 slums, which were vulnerable to mosquito menace and diseases, during the monsoon. He said the corporation was striving hard to control mosquito breeding and was spreading awareness among people.Schools Told To Take Up Anti-Larval Measures", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259664", "title": "Class X girl faints in school, dies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Class X student of Government Model Senior Secondary School ( GMSSS), Sector 19, died under mysterious circumstances on the campus on Tuesday. The body of Nitika, 14, has been kept in Government Multi-speciality Hospital mortuary and will be released after the postmortem on Wednesday.Ankush Kumar, her father and an employee of Punjab agro department, said, \"The school management told me about the incident.\" Her mother Seema Devi and brother Yatin, a Class VIII student in the same school, were inconsolable. SHO of Sector 19 police station inspector Harjeet Kaur said, \"Her family has not lodged any complaint.But death of the young girl on the school premises is mysterious. Its exact cause will be ascertained after the post-mortem.\"The school principal Sukhnir Sekhon said, ''Nitika was found fine during a medical check-up camp organized on the campus two months ago.\" District education officer Ram Kumar and other officials of the department visited the hospital.Raksha, her classmate, said, \"Nitika and I had gone to the third floor of the school building during recess at 12.30pm. After climbing the last stair on the third floor, Nitika fainted. As her face hit the ground, blood started coming out of her mouth.\"Narinder Kaur, a drawing teacher who was present there, said, \"She was immediate taken to GMH in a private vehicle. But doctors declared her brought dead.\"Though her family did not cry foul, the UT education department and the police suggested autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256709", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board sanctions new water connections", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a gap of four years, the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) has started sanctioning new water connections to Cantonment residents.The Cantonment Board authorities have taken a decision to clear pending applications in order to increase revenue. \"Around 300 applications are pending with the Cantonment Board. Though we have received applications from property owners, we could not take a decision to permit new connections due to water shortage,\" an SCB water works department official told TOI.The intimation letters to property owners would be sent in a day or two. After that, the house owners have to deposit Rs 4,000 for a new half-inch water connection and another Rs 2,000 for laying the pipeline, he said.\"The new water connection will be provided in 10 days. Henceforth, the Cantonment Board will sanction connections if citizens approach it with the necessary documents,\" the official said.The Board also set a record of sorts in collecting water dues from defaulters.The officials had slapped notices on around 10,000 defaulters in the Cantonment area. As per records, they have to pay dues worth nearly Rs 5 crore. \"Within 48 days, we received Rs 1.03 crore dues from the defaulters, whereas the annual collection was just Rs 8 lakh in 2011-12,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258643", "title": "East Delhi riots: Third case registered, 6 more held", "text": "NEW DELHI: The East district police has registered a fresh case of arson and rioting \u2014 the third in the ongoing attempt to clamp down on rioters near Mayur Vihar Phase III since trouble erupted on Sunday night \u2014 and arrested six more people.The fresh FIR was lodged after stone-pelting took place at Khoda Chowk on Monday late evening, forcing police to lob eight rounds of teargas shells. Confirming the fresh arrests, DCP (east) Prabhakar asked for calm in the Mayur Vihar Phase III area which witnessed rioting on Sunday and Monday. In all, 19 people have been arrested so far.Mayur Vihar Phase III remained calm on Tuesday and life is slowing coming back to normalcy. Though several schools remained shut for the second consecutive day and sections of the market did not open, DTC began a partial service. Locals though had a tough time commuting from the area yet again.Cops said a special medical team had been formed to look into the condition of the injured people. While police denied any role in his death, Vinod Singh Negi's widowed mother in Uttarakhand has lost the sole breadwinner of the family in the alleged police firing in east Delhi on Sunday night.Negi, who worked in a private company in Noida, was a resident of Khoda in Mayur Vihar Phase III. According to an official, Negi was returning from work late in the evening when an angry mob was indulging in arson and vandalism to protest injury to a motorcyclist due to an alleged police action. Cops believe the firing took place at that time. Negi was hit by a bullet on the left side of his chest and died in hospital.The locals, though, are calling for strict action. \"The entire Khoda colony is being blamed for a mistake of a few. When both Delhi and UP cops came looking, we directed them to a few local youths who had incited the crowd by raising slogans. These people have criminal antecedents and political aspirations,\" said Inderjeet, a grocer.Delhi Police said they were in talks with the Ghaziabad police and a \"final shape\" is being given on raids that are to be carried out at Khoda Colony to nab all the accused in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16259155", "title": "Owners go app-wise for pooches", "text": "LUDHIANA: Till not too long ago, Sarabha Nagar resident Tina used to indulge her pet, an Australian silky terrier, with treats like chocolates and raisins. But she recently got the shock of her life when she read on an iPad application that these sweets could permanently damage Sweety's health. Since then, Tina has modified the diet served to Sweety, her beloved pooch. Like this Sarabha Nagar resident, there are many pet owners in the city who rely on apps for information on animals' health, diet and training. Applications like iKibble, Dog Breeds and Pet Puppy are popular not only among the residents but also veterinarians.Tina, who uses iKibble, said, \"I have learned about common dog foods through this app. I will download more applications on iPhone as it's a convenient platform to clarify doubts even if I am busy and can't access internet elsewhere.\"Another pet owner Sahil Dua, who has two-year-old St Bernard Victor, said he was in Australia when he heard about the applications. \"Since I am a dog lover, I had downloaded it even before I got Victor. The apps are very useful for first-time dog owners who are faced with some or the other dilemma every other day. Whenever Victor is unwell, I try to first get some more information about the ailment by searching on these apps. I feed the symptoms and often get accurate leads,\" he said. Model Town Extension resident Sahil has been using PetMd, an app that has data on various diseases and their symptoms.Prince Kanathya of Ferozepur Road, who has a Shar Pei, Mauli, helped his friend find an apartment dog by browsing through iPhone apps specializing in dog breeds. \"These applications tell you which dog will suit your lifestyle, house and personality,\" he said.Acknowledging the positive role played by these apps, Sarabha Nagar-based veterinarian Dr Jaspreet Singh said, \"People should regularly log onto these apps for making themselves aware of pet problems and pet care. I also use an app called \"A Vet Tool\" through which I come to know about various medicines that are globally used to cure pets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257653", "title": "Fergusson college amphitheatre turns 100 today", "text": "PUNE: This is where the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi, appealed to the citizens of Pune to boycott British products as part of the 'Swadeshi' movement in 1919. This august auditorium also stands witness to that step towards women's liberation, when the All India Women's Conference was formed here in 1927.This is the stage from where the controversial Marathi play 'Ghashiram Kotwal' rose to fame and noted humorist P L Deshpande began his career. This is also where Sir Ben Kingsley stood when he played the role of Mahatma Gandhi in Richard Attenborough's Oscar winning film 'Gandhi'.The imposing amphitheatre of Fergusson College, a grade I heritage structure, turns 100 on Wednesday. It is named after N M Wadia who donated Rs 25,000 in 1911 for construction of the amphitheatre which is known for excellent acoustics besides its architectural beauty.Several leaders, artists and scientists have left their mark here through their speeches and performances. Chhota Gandharva staged his musical 'Devmanus' while Rabindranath Tagore, Sir C V Raman, J C Bose, India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, Sarojini Naidu, former prime ministers P V Narasimharao and V P Singh had stood on the stage of the amphitheatre to deliver lectures.Former principal of the college V M Bachal recalls a famous incident involving noted Marathi humorist, journalist and playwright Acharya P K Atre that took place inside the amphitheatre. Bachal said, \"Atre was known for his mischievous behaviour in the college. Once he and his friends had collected seeds covered in cotton fluffs that are so lightweight that they float in the air. The seeds are known as 'mhataries' in Marathi meaning old ladies. When the principal began his address in the amphitheatre, Atre and his friends scattered the seeds from the balcony which floated all around and slowly filled the entire hall. The principal had a very good sense of humour and he told the audience, 'These old ladies are for you and not me.' Later, Atre, who had deep respect for the principal, apologised.\"As far as the architectural and structural arrangement of the hall is concerned, it provides good acoustics for plays, dance, music and lectures. Bachal said, \"When a speaker stands with a rostrum in front of a packed audience, he feels proud. We can never forget the high pitched notes of our teachers D D Wadekar, R N Dandekar, disciplined eloquence of D D Karve, the flow of rich English by S V Kogekar and the soft Marathi used by R S Joag that we heard during our student days.\"Principal Ravindrasingh Pardeshi said, \"It is always a challenge to face the crowd in the main hall of the amphitheatre. It is said among the college alumni that once you win over an audience in the amphitheatre, you can win them over anywhere.\"Marathi playwright Ram Ganesh Gadkari, an alumnus of the college, staged his musical 'Ekach Pyala' here. P L Deshpande's play 'Andhalyachi Shala' was enacted in the amphitheatre on many occasions and it was here that in 1950, a female student acted in a play for the first time.Conservation architect Vaishali Latkar said, \"The auditorium's interiors, though austere in its appearance, must have been splendid in its heydays. The two galleries together can house nearly 500 spectators which can be accessed from four sides. The colonial spirit of the building can be seen in its planning, architectural elements as well as the techniques used in its construction.\"Recalling another incident at the amphitheatre, Ajit Patwardhan, chairman of the Deccan Education Society that runs the college, said, \"Noted journalist Arun Shourie had come to the college to deliver a talk on the Mandal report which increased reservations for other backward classes. The amphitheatre was packed to capacity and Shourie spoke very strongly against the report. His speech was disrupted by those who opposed his views. It was virtually a war-like situation and had affected the atmosphere of the college for some days. The scholarly talk by Shourie, however, was one of the best speeches delivered in the amphitheatre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "it was their trading acumen that brought rajasthanis to this coastal city in the 20th century and today they rule the roost in marble and oil transportation business here. \"we have 90% presence in marble trade in mangalore and at least 50% of the oil transport business is handled by our community,'' says ravi jalan, vice-president of rajasthani association. the community, which has about 4,000 members, majorly comprises brahmins, rajpurohits, marwaris and jains. apart from marble and oil transportation, rajasthanis here are also into supari and textile trade. in an attempt to diversify their enterprises, the newer generation has ventured into hardware and electrical business. the first batch of rajasthanis to arrive here was krishna avatar jalan and ram avatar jalan. \"they came to the city in 60's and used to handle transportation for kudremukh iron ore company,\" says ravi. rajasthanis' migration to the port city in search of greener pastures has not stopped since then and their numbers are swelling every passing year. perhaps they owe it to mangalore for making them understand the significance of education. earlier, the community remained predominantly as a group of traders. but now, they are opting for other careers. \"while earlier it was trade, now the youth want to have careers of their own,'' says ravi. it is one migrant community that has not undergone much cultural or social change, as it continues to retain strong links with rajasthan. while they celebrate religious festivals here, marriages are always held back home. \"our community prefers to have weddings in rajasthan due to logistics and also we do not get good cooks here,\" adds ravi. however, he admits that of late a few weddings are held here with cooks being brought from rajasthan or bangalore. local rajsthanis celebrate diwali, navaratri and holi with much pomp. navratri is celebrated with colourful dandia dances which are also a hit with the locals and draw huge crowds. though migrants of earlier generation have retained their orthodox ways, present day rajasthanis have got used to a bit of everything local. their diet has changed from sabzi and roti to idli, dosa and vada. they have more of rice, sambaar and rasam than chapathis. sweet dishes form an important part of rajasthani cuisine and sweets are had before, during and after the meal. the major sweet dishes are", "code": "16259595", "title": "Trading is Rajasthanis' forte in Mangalore", "text": "It was their trading acumen that brought Rajasthanis to this coastal city in the 20th century and today they rule the roost in marble and oil transportation business here. \"We have 90% presence in marble trade in Mangalore and at least 50% of the oil transport business is handled by our community,'' says Ravi Jalan, vice-president of Rajasthani Association. The community, which has about 4,000 members, majorly comprises brahmins, Rajpurohits, Marwaris and Jains. Apart from marble and oil transportation, Rajasthanis here are also into supari and textile trade. In an attempt to diversify their enterprises, the newer generation has ventured into hardware and electrical business. The first batch of Rajasthanis to arrive here was Krishna Avatar Jalan and Ram Avatar Jalan. \"They came to the city in 60's and used to handle transportation for Kudremukh Iron Ore Company,\" says Ravi. Rajasthanis' migration to the port city in search of greener pastures has not stopped since then and their numbers are swelling every passing year. Perhaps they owe it to Mangalore for making them understand the significance of education. Earlier, the community remained predominantly as a group of traders. But now, they are opting for other careers. \"While earlier it was trade, now the youth want to have careers of their own,'' says Ravi. It is one migrant community that has not undergone much cultural or social change, as it continues to retain strong links with Rajasthan. While they celebrate religious festivals here, marriages are always held back home. \"Our community prefers to have weddings in Rajasthan due to logistics and also we do not get good cooks here,\" adds Ravi. However, he admits that of late a few weddings are held here with cooks being brought from Rajasthan or Bangalore. Local Rajsthanis celebrate Diwali, Navaratri and Holi with much pomp. Navratri is celebrated with colourful Dandia dances which are also a hit with the locals and draw huge crowds. Though migrants of earlier generation have retained their orthodox ways, present day Rajasthanis have got used to a bit of everything local. Their diet has changed from sabzi and roti to Idli, dosa and vada. They have more of rice, sambaar and rasam than chapathis. Sweet dishes form an important part of Rajasthani cuisine and sweets are had before, during and after the meal. The major sweet dishes are: churma, gujia, seero, imarti, ghevar, feeni, besan chakki, balusahi, dil khushaal, jhajariya, palang torh makkhan-bada, milk-cake and kadka. Other typical Rajasthani dishes are daal-baati, tarfini raabdi, bail-gatte, panchkoota, chaavadi, laapsi, boondi, sukhdi. Rajasthani curries include kicha ki sabji, moranga ki sabji, guwar fali ki saag, beans ki sabji, gajar ki sabji, karela ki sabji, raabdi, badi, Ker-saangri ki sabji, kadhi, makki ki raab, makki ki saag, kikoda ki sabji, papad ki sabji, matar ki sabji, aloo matar ki sabji, besan gatte ki sabji, govind gatte or shahi gatte, pyaaz paneer, sev tamatar, makki ki ghaat, dal chawal kutt, lauki key koftey, dahi mein aloo, rabori ki sabji, ker sangari ki sabji, jaipuri and masala gatta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16258888", "title": "Bokaro para teacher released after abduction", "text": "BOKARO: A para teacher was freed 15 hours after his abduction from Bhusabaad in Chandrapura police station area on Tuesday.However, police who have lodged an FIR for kidnapping M R Manjhi based on a complaint of his kin, have failed to trace the criminals. The motive of the abduction is yet to be ascertained.Manjhi was kidnapped by four criminals from his house on Monday evening. The miscreants came to his house and took him with them in front of his family members. However his wife later raised the alarm and police reached the spot. A resident of Jaridih, Manjhi is living at his father-in-law's house in Bhusabaad after being posted as a para teacher at government school there. According to Akhil Ahmed, officer in charge of Chandrapura police station, Manjhi has been freed by criminals on Tuesday afternoon although investigation began to trace the abductors.Manjhi said he was taken to a nearby forest. \"The kidnappers released me after knowing that I am a teacher.\" However, police are not satisfied with Manjhi's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16260129", "title": "Stem cell jab restores feeling in paralysed", "text": "London: Scientists have developed a new stem cell therapy which can help people with broken spines to recover feelings in previously paralysed body areas.Two of the three patients have reported a positive outcome after receiving injections of neural stem cells, doctors at the Zurich University said. Doctors say the ultimate aim is to help those paralysed by injury to walk again, The Telgraph reported.The trial worked on the theory that injected adult stem cells would transform themselves into spinal cord nerves, reconnecting brain and lower body.Professor Armin Curt, who lead the study, described the result as \"fundamental\" .\"To find something that can repair the spinal cord is a huge breakthrough. If we can show that something has changed for the better (as a result of stem cell therapy) that's fundamental,\" he said. He presented the findings at the annual conference of the International Spinal Cord Society in London on Monday.\"We think these stem cells are one of the first tools we have for actually repairing the central nervous system. To see this kind of change in patients who truly have the worst-of-the-worst type of injury to the spinal cord is very exciting,\" Dr Stephen Huhn, from the firm, said.The three patients, who all had complete spinal injury and could feel nothing below their nipples, were each given a dose of 20 million 'adult' neural stem cells about six months ago. This was primarily a safety trial, and Curt said monitoring had shown \"a very good safety profile\".Detailed questioning and objective tests also showed signals were passing up the injured spine to the brain, when they had not before.One of the patients, a 46-year-old Norwegian financial consultant, said, \"I've noticed changes. When somebody touches my stomach, I can feel something. I can't be specific, but I can sense it.\"Stem cell research for spinal injury \"requires an incremental approach where we build the therapy one brick at a time\" , Huhn said. Walking was not the only aim: people paralysed also wanted to regain sensation, bowel and sexual function, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kurnool/nizamabad", "code": "16256772", "title": "Power generation starts at Srisailam", "text": "KURNOOL/NIZAMABAD: After a long gap, power generation has started at Srisailam reservoir with both the left and right bank canals' power houses producing 1.625 million units. This, when major irrigation minister P Sudarshan Reddy expressed hope that all the irrigation projects in the state would be filled as the reservoirs in the upstream have been receiving heavy inflows following incessant rainfall in the last few days.The Srisailam project is receiving 80,000 to 90,000 cusecs every day from both Tungabhadra and Almatti projects. The present water level stood at 842.20 ft (FRL 880 ft), while the storage capacity has gone up to 101 tmc. A few days ago, the water levels had hit the dead storage level. With constant inflows into Almatti, Narayanpur and Jurala projects, the authorities are releasing waters downstream to Srisailam.The minister said Almatti has 127 tmc water, Narayanpur project has 37 tmc, Jurala 11 tmc and Tungabhadra 100 tmc. Stating that 47,000 cusecs and 45,000 cusecs of water has already been released from Tungabhadra and Almatti respectively, he hoped that the levels in both Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar projects would go up in two days.Sri Ram Sagar Project (SRSP) in Nizamabad is expected to get about 90,000 cusecs by Wednesday as 72,000 cusecs of water has already been released from Vishnupuri project in Maharashtra. He said the water supply to National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), Ramagundam from SRSP has been stopped and NTPC , hereafter, would get water from Yellampalli project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "batala", "code": "16258013", "title": "Five arrested with stolen weapons", "text": "BATALA: Punjab police on Tuesday busted a gang which had stolen guns from a gun house in this industrial town and recovered four weapons from their possession.Acting on an information that some youths have been hiding in a brick kiln on Amritsar-Jalandhar bypass here, a police party raided the brick kiln.Five persons were arrested and one .315 bore gun, three double barrel guns, seven live cartridges and sharp-edged weapons were recovered from their possession, police said.Hukam Singh alias Raju, Sunil Kumar alias Sonu, Sukhbir Singh alias Lucky, Vikram Kumar alias Vicky and Jeet Gill were arrested, they said, adding that the weapons, including 23 guns, were stolen from a gun house in the town on August 29 last year.Some of their accomplices had looted gold and silver jewelry worth several crores of rupees in the town in March this year and they were lodged in the central jail, Gurdaspur.They were being brought on production warrants to investigate the gun house loot case, police said.Meanwhile, police also arrested four members of another gang and recovered a pistol and three sharp-edged weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257084", "title": "St Paul students win quiz contest", "text": "INDORE: A team comprising two Class X students of city-based St Paul HS School won the TCS IT Wiz 2012 conducted by Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) here on Tuesday. Pankaj Manchanda and Pratyush Samal outshone a total of 1,016 participants from 65 schools in the city in the inaugural city edition of the IT quiz. Team of Abhishek Naik and Palash Agrawal from Atomic Energy Central School was declared the runner-up.Giri Balasubramaniam, known as Pickbrain in the world of quizzing, conducted the quiz.He said: \"The local students have good knowledge of IT related topics but they need to learn the tricks to succeed in the quiz competitions.\"Prizes were distributed by guest of honour Dr Jayant Sonwalkar, director, directorate of distance education, University of Indore, DAVV and Pramod Bhargava, COO, MP online.All the six finalists received gift hampers such as laptop backpacks, pen drives, coffee mugs, earphones, binoculars and t-shirts.The regional rounds of the quiz is being held in 14 cities- Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore, Pune, Nagpur, Indore, Bhubaneswar, Kochi, Lucknow, Mumbai and Delhi.It will be followed by the national finals in December where the winning teams from 14 cities along with the winner of the United Arab Emirates round will compete for the TCS IT Wiz National Champion title. The winners will also get an opportunity to interact with the CEO of TCS, N Chandrasekaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16258312", "title": "Cops deactivate explosives in Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Alert cops of Gadchiroli foiled Naxalites' bid by deactivating explosives planted in Tumargunda jungle in Bhamragad tehsil of Gadchiroli district on Monday. Police sources informed that special operation squad of Gadchiroli police during combing operation in Tumargunda jungle came across a booby trap.Bomb detection and disposal squad scanned the area and discovered the IED planted underneath the ground. The explosive device weighted 20kg and was attached with detonator, booster and IED cortex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16260197", "title": "Teachers' Day: Toast to your teacher", "text": "BANGALORE: The teacher is `more available to them' , more approachable' and \"willing to hear us out\" as compared to their own parents. A survey among 3,000 students showed that they also thought teachers are more \"cool\" than their parents when it comes to pressure or reacting to their performance. However, when it came to career decisions, it was to their parents these kids turned.The nationwide survey was conducted among 3,246 students from class 9 to 12 across 8 cities \u2014 Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Jamshedpur, Lucknow and Pune.\"Lucknow topped the country with the highest respect for its teachers at 89% followed by Pune and Jamshedpur at 86%. Children in Bangalore specifically distinguished the efforts that teachers put in towards their subject and that translated into respect,\" the study said.Teaching might be the hailed as the noblest of professions but Gen Y doesn't think it's cool enough: only 6% of the surveyed were keen on becoming teachers. The survey was conducted by Greycaps, an organization run by quizmaster Giri Pickbrain.Teaching creates all other professions. A good teacher explains, a great teacher inspires.On Teacher's Day in the RTE year, TOI speaks to five teachers in Bangalore who think out of the box to ensure that every child is in the classroom and learning.ROLE MODELSShe is a mother figureHaneefunnissa is like a mother to her students. If a child skips breakfast and comes to school, she has buns and Bournvita ready in school. When the child gets too busy playing and not eat during the lunch break, she will come out to the ground to feed the student. You will also see her shouting at BMTC buses if they fail to stop at bus stops where her students are waiting. She takes the trouble of getting bus passes for students. In case a child is absent, she sends an aaya to the child's home to find out the reason for absence and get the child to school if possible. She will have everything ready for themfrom slates and notebooks to medicines and new dresses during Ramzan. She says that even if she is unwell she comes to school ... for being with her 'children' acts like a tonic.Haneefunnissa | HEADMISTRESS, GOVERNMENT URDU PRIMARY SCHOOL, BLACK PALLI, SHIVAJINAGARStriving for the schoolFor her unmatched service, this teacher with 18 years service was awarded with \"The Best Teacher\" state award. Apart from getting a building for the school, Parvathamma, after joining the school, has also been arranging for donors to ensure free study material, sports equipment and schools uniforms for students. \"In 2003, when I joined this school, it had only two kids and no building of its own. After I joined this school, I contacted the local corporator to get a building with good toilet and water facility,\" she says. The school also boasts of the free medical service facility that is provided by the MS Ramaiah Hospital. \"I bought benches, desks and toys for indoor games with the help of donors.'' Encouraged with her success, Parvathamma plans to come up with a rain water harvesting system for the school. She wants to do MEd . \"This will help me teach my students better,'' she says.Parvathamma | HEADMISTRESS, GOVERNMENT LOWER PRIMARY SCHOOL, KHATHA NAGAR, JALAHALLI WESTChampion of have-notsProviding free education to the underprivileged children under the Right to Education (RTE) Act might be novel for many, but Merlin Mural Prakashini has been doing the noble job since three years now. A teacher with 20 years service, Prakashini joined the profession after being motivated by her husband, and loves her profession. The school has launched initiatives like 'adoption method' , bringing back the dropouts to the school, counselling parents and prohibiting corporal punishment. \"I love children and this profession too. In the last three years, the school has successfully enrolled over 20 dropouts from the nearby slums. We have shunned the cane completely and the idea of corporal punishment is not promoted in our school. We bring in children from underprivileged families and counsel them on importance of education,\" says Prakashini, who has also incorporated the 'adoption method' . \"Under this method, six kids are adopted by one teacher and the teacher ensures that the child is doing well academically and emotionally,\" she says. We have shunned the cane completely and the idea of corporal punishment is not promoted in our schoolMerlin Mural Prakashini | HEADMISTRESS, UNITED MISSION HIGH SCHOOLEnrolling child labourers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257660", "title": "Junk food can stunt growth: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Not growing as tall as your peers, it's time to peep into your lunch box. Experts claim that eating junk food regularly has side effects which stunt the growth of children besides making them sluggish in the classroom.The general impression is that junk food leads to obesity but the fact is that it can stunt a child's growth, as well.\"Children's relationship with food is directly related to growth. Chocolates, chips and noodles are good acquaintances but the regular Indian platter is best if one wants to be tall and smart,\" said Dr Rashmi Dwivedi, head of paediatrics department, Hamidia hospital. Besides junk foods, experts say that calorie rich carbonated drinks mobilize the calcium from bones. \"Once a phenomenon of old age, osteomalacia or softening of the bones due to a lack of vitamin D is now frequent among children,\" said Dr Dwivedi.The effect of junk food has been seen in the classroom too. 'Attention deficit disorder' or ADD is commonly being observed in school going children at a very early stage - due to high intake of junk food and carbonated drinks - which are loaded with food additives. These additives say experts are in the form of artificial colours, flavours and preservatives. For instance, the high sodium content in snack foods like chips, noodles etc lead to water retention (also known as oedema). \"It hampers the physical activity with added weight, making the children sluggish,\" said dietician Amita Singh.If your child is addicted to one packet of noodles every day, then chances are he is addicted to monosodium glutamate (MSG) used extensively as a flavour in ready to eat foods.\"Intake of excess sodium leads to water retention and early hypertension and now is being linked to coronary heart disease,\" said Dr Rajiv Singh, physician quoting a study conducted by AIIMS.In addition to this, junk food also leads to growth retardation and early puberty in school-going children aged between 9 and 10 years.These side effects adversely affect the growth of children. \"We have been observing that early puberty leads to stunted growth, especially in girls,\" he added. It is a factor in predispose to hypertension, heart diseases and stroke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259499", "title": "Cyber forensic lab lacks skills to investigate online crimes", "text": "BANGALORE: Tracking , deciphering and decoding encrypted messages flying around in the shady world of crime and terror takes a while. And it gets worse if the agency responsible for this doesn't have the required skills and equipment.That's the case with the cyber forensic laboratory attached to the Cyber Crime Police Station (CCPS) at the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).Plans have been on the anvil to raise the bar at the cyber cell by upgrading skills and equipment under the police modernization scheme. But nothing much has happened on the ground for over a decade.Currently, the state police depends on cyber forensic laboratories in Hyderabad and New Delhi . Given their priorities, these facilities take their own time to crack criminal activities on the digital platform.\"Our cyber forensics is restricted to deciphering emails and monitoring internet protocol addresses and SMSs. We have to develop ourselves to meet the requirement of the day,\" additional director general of police, crime and technical services, AM Prasad said.He admitted that cyber crime detection rests on a weak foundation in the state. There is a need to upgrade caller-ID spoofing and mobile and SMS tracing technology. He said an e-tender has been floated to acquire modern equipment for this.\"Crime through mail, harassment by email, unauthorized entry into the social media and email hacking, spoofing, cheating and fraud, hacking of sensitive government websites, deciphering of CCTV images , mobile spoofing and cyber terrorism are some features we want to include in the modernized cyber forensics,\" Prasad said.Funds and trainingHe said under a centrally funded scheme, Rs 1 crore has been allocated for modernization of the cyber forensics laboratory. \"But training of personnel for this modern technology will take some more time, even after the modernized laboratory comes into existence. It requires at least six months to train the staff to get instant reports,\" he pointed out. Officers feel that quick response in terror-related cases that have a close connection with the digital platform will ensure a crackdown. \"We are still lagging in this area. It's better we have the facilities at Bangalore so we can move swiftly and crack terror-related cases,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258665", "title": "Food grain scam: CBI carries out raids at 7 places", "text": "LUCKNOW: Central Bureau of Investigations probing into the multi-crore food grain scam in Uttar Pradesh raided six premises in Lucknow and one in Sitapur on Tuesday. The raids were conducted at two floor mills, a rice mill and residential premises of their respective owners and two of their employees.Reports said separate CBI teams conducted raids at two flour mills under the banner of RR Food Products situated on Sitapur Road and Bakshi ka Talab (BKT) area. The residential premises of its owner Ishwar Chandra Agarwal situated in Triveni Nagar area of Lucknow was also searched. The CBI also raided the residence of Agarwal's manager Chandra Kant Shukla also situated in Triveni Nagar area itself and the Bahadurpur residence of his accountant Umakant Shukla in Sitapur district. The CBI team also searched Moolchand Rice Mills situated near Toddy Khana on Sitapur road and the residence of its owner Atul Agarwal in Daliganj area.The raids were underway at three locations till late on Tuesday evening and the CBI teams are learnt to have seized documents and books of accounts for financial years starting 2003 - 2004 to 2006 -2007. Sources in the CBI said that during the course of investigations it has come to the fore that the food grains from almost all the block godowns in the state capital were transported to these three mills. The raids were conducted to assess the exact quantum of food grain diverted to the mills from 2004 to 2006. Rough estimates suggest that the value of food grains was into hundreds of crores of rupees.Estimated to be worth around Rs 2 lakh crore, the food grain scam took place between years 2002 and 2010 in which food grain worth 35,000 crore meant to be distributed amongst the poor, through Public Distribution System and other welfare schemes like Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY), Jawahar Rozgar Yojana and Midday Meal Scheme for Below Poverty Line card holders, was diverted to the open market. Some of the stocks were traced to Nepal and Bangladesh in 2010 security and some of it was seized by the security forces on the UP - Nepal and Indo-Bangladesh borders.The scam came to light in 2003 in Gonda district where foodgrain meant for the Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana were found to have been diverted to the open. Thereafter similar complaints began to pour in from other districts as well. In 2006, the then chief minister UP Mulayam Singh Yadav constituted a Special Investigation Team which lodged hundreds of FIRs across the state. However after Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government came to power in 2007, chief minister Mayawati handed over the investigations into the scam to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257326", "title": "Infosys team visits crystal IT Park", "text": "INDORE: Two officials of the IT major Infosys visited Crystal IT Park at Khandwa Road, here on Tuesday. Both the officials were impressed with the design and location. Kaushik, associate vice president (commercial) was one of the team members. The team, which checked into the site at around 10.30 am inspected it for more than one hour. The officials will now put up the matter before the managing board of the company to take a further call on the issue.The company has already been provided land measuring 130 acre at Super Corridor area on the outskirts of the city. But it will take nearly one and half years from now for the company to set up its unit there.Hence, it wants to take the entire 3 lakh sq feet of developed area at the venue for setting up its unit there, said NS Rajput, engineer of AKVN who was also present on the occasion. Meanwhile, Manish Singh, assumed his charge as the new managing director of AKVN here on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258405", "title": "Bill to make HIV tests mandatory before marriage under consideration", "text": "MUMBAI: The debate on making HIV tests mandatory before marriage has been rekindled. The state women and child development department is actively considering the move.Varsha Gaikwad, minister, women and child development, told TOI that her department would be consulting various sections of the society in this regard.She added that the department had already sought opinions from NGOs working for the welfare of HIV patients and the UNICEF among others in this context.Department officials said that the minister also had plans to convene a meeting of stakeholders in the next few days to discuss the pros and the cons of the move.The move will require amendment to provisions of the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955 and other allied Acts.During the recently completed monsoon session of the state assembly, legislator Shirish Shinde of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) had moved a private members' bill suggesting the necessary amendments. Department officials said that the opinion among elected representatives in this regard was divided. At a meeting held during the monsoon session, some legislators raised questions on whether the climate for introducing such a move was right. The official said that while all legislators were of the opinion that pre-marriage HIV tests must be encouraged, opinion on whether to make it mandatory was divided.The move is aimed at saving the predicament of individuals who become AIDS victims because of their partners. A pre-marriage test would act as a preventive measure, the official said.The bone of contention that is up for debate is whether making these tests mandatory would ostracize the infected person in his/her community. The state government has been working with NGOs to design projects for alleviating the social discrimination of victims. A fear that making tests mandatory would defeat this cause has been expressed, officials said. The department is hoping to resolve the dilemma through effective dialogue. Dr Arun Bamne, project director, Maharashtra District Aids Control Society (MDACS), felt that the tests should be voluntary. \"Making it mandatory will infringe on the person's right,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "godavarikhani", "code": "16256782", "title": "Threats from missing girl's kin drive student to suicide", "text": "GODAVARIKHANI: Anguished over alleged threats from the relatives of her friend who went missing four days ago, a degree student committed suicide by hanging herself at her househere in the early hours of Tuesday. Garrepally Supriya, 19, hanged herself to the ceiling fan with her dupatta at her house at IB Nagar area early in the morning. Her father Lakshmaiah called neighbours and with their help brought her down but by then she was dead.Sources said Supriya was receiving threatening calls from the relatives of her friend Mounika, who went missing on September 1.\"She went into depression the relatives started blaming her for Mounika's actions. She was sensitive and could not bear the humiliation and took the extreme step,\" a relative said. She was a first year B Com student here.According to the relatives, Mounika's family came to Supriya's residence on Monday night and threatened her to reveal the whereabouts of Mounika.\"That was the last straw,\" a weeping father said. CI Mahesh said that a case was registered against Mounika's relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16257677", "title": "Pune bar raid: ATS officer Nirmal also owns Maya lounge plot", "text": "MUMBAI: There is more trouble brewing for Maharashtra ATS inspector Rajneesh Nirmal. The property card land record (7/12 extract) reveals that Nirmal is also one of the owners of the plot on which Maya lounge bar in Wagholi stands. His wife Anjali is among the owners of the plot.The premises was raided by Pune police on early Sunday and they detained close to 303 patrons and confiscated liquor. The lounge bar had a licence for an eatery to function, but served liquor too.Home minister R R Patil said, \"We have asked for the entire report. In fact, we are checking whether Nirmal has declared the plot in his asset declaration. Disciplinary action will also be initiated against him for hiding it from the department.\" Patil said the report would be out in three days and action would follow.Home department officials said the licence of the lounge bar at Wagholi had lapsed long ago. Last November, local villagers had submitted a written complaint about the lounge bar violating laws, but no action was initiated, they said.Shiv Sena spokesperson Neelam Gorhe on Tuesday met Patil and demanded action against the ATS official as well as administrative officials who turned a blind eye to the villagers' compliant. \"The Wagholi gram panchayat had complained that the hotel had an eatery licence, but alcohol was being served illegally. Punitive action should be initiated against the ATS inspector and government officials (police and revenue department officials) as they ignored the complaint,\" Gorhe added.No promotion for those hiding assets: Patil also said IPS officials who have not declared their assets will not be promoted. \"Officials have to declare their assets. If those involved in the law enforcing agency violate rules, then one has to take serious note,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259610", "title": "Provide panel with infrastructure: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Setting a week's deadline for Punjab government to provide complete infrastructure to Justice Kuldip Singh panel, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday virtually rapped state functionaries for their failure to act.\"How many years do you require to provide facilities to the panel?\" asked a Division Bench, headed by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh.Earlier, senior advocate M L Sarin informed the court that the panel for probing land grab cases across Punjab had not been made functional. At the receiving end, the state said it was looking for a building in Sector 17 in the city and its vicinity.The Bench gave the state government a week's deadline to provide compelete infrastructure to the the panel.The deadline came just a month after the high court gave 15 days' time to the government to provide infrastructure to the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256912", "title": "Akbar Owaisi was holding a gun when Ibrahim Yafai was shot dead, claims kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: The brother of Ibrahim Yafai who was killed during the attack on MIM Akbaruddin Owaisi last year lodged a complaint with the city police commissioner on Tuesday claiming that Ibrahim's death \"was a murder and a result of a conspiracy hatched by Owaisi.\"Awad Bin Younus Yafai in his complaint alleged that on April 30, 2011, the gunman of MLA Ahmed Balala, Jani Mia, came to his house in Barkas and said Owaisi wanted to meet the male members of the family at the office of his corporator Mansoor Awalgi. When they reached the office, they saw Owaisi holding a gun in his hand. Owaisi abused and threatened them to which Ibrahim objected. In anger, Owaisi caught hold of the collar of Ibrahim's shirt with his left hand while holding the gun in the right. Balala even slapped his brother, the complainant said. As Ibrahim was trying to free himself, both he and Owaisi fell on the ground following which a gun went off. Younus said he saw the gun in Owaisi's hand. He further said that the gunman fired at him and others without any warning owing to which they suffered injuries. Awad urged the commissioner to register a case against Owaisi, Balala, Awalgi, Mahmood Awalgi and Mohsin Ahmed Al Kaseri for the offences. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259642", "title": "Access to get easier: Police digitizing old dossiers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Marred by the problems where police failed to recognize a hard-core criminal, who could have involved in a major crime in the city or somewhere else few years back, Chandigarh police is digitizing its all old dossiers and they would be uploaded on the server that is maintained by Delhi police.Besides, their own records, it would even felicitate the Chandigarh police in accessing the thousands of dossiers of nearly 150 police stations of Delhi. Also finger-prints of all the criminals would be put on server along with dossiers so that finger-printers gathered on the spot would be matched with them. There are instances where police arrest a criminal but they could not trace its history because his old dossier is not available at hand.\"Delhi police have agreed to support this project and we would upload all our dossiers on their server. This would help the cops to access the crucial information about all past criminals, who have been arrested in various cases. This is a major move of Chandigarh police in the direction of implementing IT-enabled facility,\" Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police, told TOI.\"Besides, we would also access the online dossiers of all Delhi police stations. Like there is a possibility that some old criminal of Delhi indulged in some crime in Chandigarh then we would immediately retrieve the information and probe the matter accordingly,\" stated Kumar. Police said that they would also differentiate the dossiers in various categories, like proclaimed offenders, notorious criminals and snatchers. Working in this direction, Chandigarh police officials would also go to the capital city to take training to use this server, from their Delhi counterparts.Normally police use these dossiers to show them to victims and complainants to identify the criminals and to cross-check the history of any criminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16259395", "title": "Raped Nepali girl produced in court", "text": "MOTIHARI: Sarita Sah, a trafficked, minor Nepali girl who later fell a victim to sexual exploitation, was produced in the court of first class judicial magistrate, Umesh Kumar, here on Tuesday and gave her statement. She reiterated her earlier statement made before an inquiry team of the Bihar Commission for Protection of Child Rights (BCPCR).The district police arrested Suman Paswan, secretary of Dalit Mahila Jankalyan Sansthan (DMJS), Raxaul, on Sunday on the charge of Sarita's sexual exploitation. With this, three accused of this case are yet to be arrested. The Raxaul police are conducting raids to nab the accused persons.Sarita, a native of Sariar village of Dang district in Nepal, was rescued from two touts by the Raxaul GRP from the Delhi-bound Satyagrah Express on April 29 last. The GRP were helped by Babita, a worker of DMJS. The girl and the touts were produced before a judicial magistrate at Bettiah, who sent the touts to jail and the rescued girl to the DMJS to send her to her home.But she was kept by the DMJS in its short stay home at Raxaul for four months and allegedly sexually exploited by several persons, including a police officer, with the connivance of DMJS secretary Suman Paswan.The Bihar Commission for Protection of Child Rights (BCPCR) sent its two-member inquiry team to Raxaul on September 1 to probe into this incident. Sarita, meanwhile, had returned to Nepal on August 22. Therefore, the probe team members met her at Birganj in Nepal and recorded her statement in the presence of Nepali police officers. The commission sent the statement of victim girl to the East Champaran police and directed it to lodge a case against the guilty persons.Later, Raxaul police inspector RK Singh lodged a case under various sections against Suman Paswan, Babita, Kajal and one SHO (name not mentioned) of Narkatiyaganj. Sarita, in her written statement said she was raped by the SHO and it were Suman Paswan and Kajal who forced her to undergo this.She was also sexually abused by Suman Paswan and she was being forced to marry a Nepali citizen at Chhodano in the house of a police officer, but with the timely arrival of her mother she returned to her home in Nepal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16259701", "title": "'85% of govt staff vulnerable to bribe'", "text": "Mysore: Additional chief secretary Subir Hari Singh has said that the misuse of Right to Information Act (RTI Act) for personal gains is a cause for concern. Speaking at the inaugural of 87th foundation course for IPS and Central Service Officers organized by Administrative Training Institute here on Tuesday, the officer said: \"RTI Act is to ensure transparency with regard to government expenses. But some information collected through RTI is being used for yellow journalism and to blackmail officers.\" There has to be proper regulation of RTI Act, he added. Singh said that around 85% of officers and staff in government offices are vulnerable to corruption. \"They will take bribe whenever there is opportunity,\" he said. Singh advised the probationers, saying that they must be transparent in all their dealings. He appealed to them to be devoted to their profession. Around 30 probationers participated in the programme. VTU former vice-chancellor H P Khincha was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258419", "title": "Cabinet nod for special status for six most-backward dists of Karnataka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six most-backward districts of Karnataka will soon get an exclusive status for receiving additional funds for development and providing reservation to people of that region in government jobs and educational institutions. The Union Cabinet on Tuesday cleared the proposal to this effect by agreeing to insert a new Article 371 (J) in the Constitution.Under this proposal, a separate development board will be set up for six districts - Gulbarga, Bidar, Raichur, Koppal, Yadgir and Bellary - for monitoring the overall socio-economic well-being of the region that consists of the erstwhile Hyderabad-Karnataka areas of the state.Besides making \"special provisions\" for these districts, the new Article will also empower the President to provide special powers to the state governor to pass orders to provide reservation of a proportion of seats in educational and vocation training institutions in the Hyderabad-Karnataka region on the basis of \"domiciles\". Reservation in government jobs will be given through constituting \"local cadres\" for the people of the region.\"The new Article will be inserted through the Constitution Amendment Bill, 2012. The Cabinet nod now clears the decks for its introduction in the Parliament,\" said an official.The official said that though the government would try to get it passed in Parliament during the remaining three days of the ongoing Monsoon session, it was not clear how it could be done amid the tough stand taken by main Opposition BJP over the issue of coal blocks allocation.Since any Constitution Amendment Bill requires two-third majority of members present in both Houses of Parliament, its passage appears to be difficult at this stage.It is learnt that the BJP too had been keen for the Bill which is the outcome of the party-led state government's long pending proposal. Opposition Congress in the state too had agreed for this and voted in favour of the resolution passed by both the legislative assembly and legislature council.The Article 371 of the Constitution had earlier been amended to make special provisions for the Telangana region in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra's Marathwada region.The Marathwada region had, under Article 371 (2), got separate development board for equitable allocation of funds, whereas the Telangana region had, under Article 371 (D), got a provision of local cadres for reservation in direct recruitment and admission to educational institutions and setting up of an administrative tribunal.\"The new Article, 371 (J), for Karnataka is a hybrid of both the models and is much more comprehensive,\" said an official, adding that it will take care of the aspirations of people from the region as far development \u2014 through equitable distribution of funds and reservation in jobs and educational institutions \u2014 is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257373", "title": "Stay application filed over eight development projects", "text": "INDORE: A stay application was filed in Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday over eight development projects including construction of bus stops on BRTS corridor, construction around water bodies, use of polluted ground water, supply of Narmada water outside city, charging of one-time parking fee at time of purchase of vehicles by IMC and cutting of trees, for not filing the compliance reports by the government agencies against the 33 point order passed by HC in four different orders.A PIL was filed by Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Dhristi Mitra 2050 against misuse of public fund and improper planning for city infrastructure in November 20011. PIL had mentioned that city had been allocated Rs 7,411 crore for the development of city infrastructure under different projects, out of which Rs 4,000 crores have been spent. But many reports prepared by the state and union governments show negative figures with respect to the development of city infrastructure. Following this, HC had issued notices to district administration, town and country planning, police, Indore Municipal Corporation, Indore Development Authority. And court gave 33 point orders in four different orders during the hearing. But instead of filing separate replies, all the departments filed a joint reply on August 31 this year. It was contested by the applicant saying that when every government has separate legal cell and separate functioning, then how can they file a joint reply. Now on the basis of this, applicant had filed a stay application demanding the court to give stay on the work till the hearing gets completed.Application points that an IMC survey reveals that 90 per cent of the ground water in the city is polluted and still 46 per cent of the city population are dependent on ground water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16259861", "title": "Students, school plan to make teachers'day a special one", "text": "KANPUR: The students are all set to make it memorable for their teachers and so are the city-based gifts shops which are flooded with gifts and mementos. Several city schools will take their teachers out for picnics while many have booked movie tickets in multiplexes. Several schools have planned indoor parties.\"Teachers are rarely appreciated. When a students failes to deliver as per the parents' desire, they accuse teachers of being partial or harsh or not having better ways of imparting education. Many teachers lack motivation,\" said Madhulika Shukla, a teacher. She added that in a bid to make the teaching staff stress-free, school authorities have organized a special get together at a resort.The day will start with Guru Puja to be organized in the morning assembly at a school in Barra area. The teachers will be felicitated in many government and private schools by senior administrative and education authorities. Even the pre-school authorities have made efforts to honour teachers.\"Even after the pre-school teachers do a great job of ensuring a smooth transition from home to school for small kids, they are not appreciated enough. We wanted to give our teachers a day to remember and show that their contribution means a lot so we have organized a rain dance party at a water park,\" said Anita Suri, principal of a pre-school in the city.\"I am here to buy gifts for my son's teacher. He asked me to buy several cards and gifts for his teachers as a mark of respect. It made me recall my schooldays when even I used to ask my father for the same on every teachers' day,\" said Naveen, a father who was purchasing gifts for his son's teachers in a gift shop.On the occasion, the best teachers as per the performance will be honoured by the officials of Basic 'Shiksha Vibhag' (BSA) and District educational officers.Indian Teachers' Day is dedicated to Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, the first Vice President and the second President of India, was a zealous advocate of education and one of the greatest scholars and teachers of all times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16259438", "title": "Hi-tech laundries for cleaner linen on trains", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Indian Railways has decided to set up mechanised laundries at various depots in order to improve the quality of linen being provided to passengers.Under the \"BOOT\" (Build, Own, Operate and Transfer) model, North Central Railway plans to set up two mechanised laundries at Gwalior and Allahabad.The washing system at the proposed laundries would boast of numerous features, including the capability to handle large volumes of line while optimising usage of water, power, steam and chemicals along with automatic transfer to subsequent stages.The pressing system would be equipped with a hydraulic press to facilitate maximum water extraction without the use of heat energy for drying and ironing. The drying system will be fitted with large capacity passthrough dryers for complete separating, conditioning and drying of laundry linen.The transfer of linen from one stage to another would be carried out by means of a mechanical conveyor system. The contractor should make arrangements for collection of used linen from AC coach attendants from the platforms and transportation to the laundry stores.After washing, drying, calendaring, and ironing of the linen in the automatic laundry, they would be responsible for packing of linen sets in environment friendly bags as well as their storage. Subsequently, the contractor would supply the washed linen sets to attendants in the AC coaches at the platforms.Notably, the private agency selected would set up the facility on railway land and operate it for ten years. The railways will license the land to the private partner for the period on license fee and may provide water and electricity at commercial rates to it if available and requested by the party.However, the contract for setting up of an automated laundry under the BOOT scheme will be for a period of ten years after commissioning, after which the ownership of all the machines and plan, ancillary equipments, utilities and fixed assets of the mechanised laundry will be transferred in good working condition to the railways without any extra charges, and railways will be the absolute owner of the same.The mechanized laundry would be set up at Gwalior at the cost of about Rs. 9.14 crores for ten years while the estimate for setting up of mechanised laundry at Allahabad is currently being drawn. Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of North Central Railway Sandeep Mathur informed that the railways is committed to providing clean and hygienic bed linen to the passengers and the setting up the mechanised laundries, as announced in the Railway budget, are efforts in this direction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258547", "title": "Teaching, a woman-dominated job in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Goa is among the top three states nationally to have the highest percentage of female teachers at over 77%. The state's figure is only second to Chandigarh's 82% and is as good as the ratio in Tamil Nadu.The Union human resource development ministry guidelines ask states to give preference to female teachers, but school managements in Goa do not have to make a special attempt to attain this figure as 90% of candidates that turn up for a teacher's job interview happen to be females.\"The ratio of females and males when I was undergoing the teacher's training course was 80:20. So it is naturally not the first preference for men given the scenario. The gap is set to increase further as men are now more oriented towards applied courses like a business management degree rather than the humanities,\" Vijay Kumar Verekar, teacher at Sanquelim's Progress High School, said.In Goa, over 77% of teachers are females as against 40% nationally. A third of Goa's female workforce in the government sector comes from the teaching profession, according to the figures of the state census.Headmistress of St Jude's High School, Betalbatim, Gracy D'Silva, said that Goan women prefer to work as teachers as it provides them with a secure work environment.\"In Goa, men tend to opt for more technical courses and then take up jobs on board ships and other employment abroad. For the women, teaching offers a more secure work environment. They work half-day and this enables them to pursue a career as well as be successful homemakers. The job allows them to give more time to their children so they do not go astray while their mothers are at work,\" she said.D'Silva said that women by nature are more loving, caring and understanding in their approach, which is necessary as a teacher deals with children.\"A woman is able to give that motherly touch , where she understands a child's background and changes her approach accordingly,\" the St Jude's HS headmistress said.Other than Chandigarh, Goa and Tamil Nadu , the percentage of female teachers in the rest of India ranges from 26% to 61%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258853", "title": "Gujarat got 34mm of rains in 24 hours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It poured heavily in the entire state on Monday. Gujarat received nearly 35 mm in the past 24 hours ending at 7 am on Tuesday. While the dams in the state have received 128 million cubic meter of water in just one day.State government officials said that the maximum rain was received in central and south Gujarat. The two region on an average received over 50 mm of rainfall . The parched Saurashtra region received 33 mm while Kutch also received 16 mm.Of the 225 talukas in the state, 207 talukas received rains in the last 24 hours. Pardi in Valsad received 407 mm of rains in the last 24 hours.Only three talukas have received 100 per cent rains of its annual average. These include Kadana taluka in Panchmahal, Pardi in Valsad and Dahod in Dahod district.Irrigation department officials said the fresh spell of rain on Monday brought 128.88 million cubic meter of water in the dams. The parched Saurashtra too saw some inflow into the dams. Maximum income of water was in south Gujarat.The 202 dams in the state are filled up to 62.33 per cent of their storage capacity. This was nearly 2,728 mcm less as compared to last year.While the 17 dams in north Gujarat saw an increase of 15.06 mcm, the 17 dams in central Gujarat registered an increase of just 8.32 mcm. The 135 dams in parched Saurashtra also saw an increase of 31.49 mcm. In the last two days there was a increase of 46 mcm in the dams in Saurashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258378", "title": "CDSCO to crack down on illegal sale of drugs distributed as free samples", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) is all set to crack down on illegal commercial sale of drugs distributed as free samples to doctors or those meant for the Employers State Insurance Corporation \u2014 the Central government health scheme \u2014 the government medical stores depots, the Armed Forces' medical stores or government institutions.Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) Dr G N Singh has written to all state and zonal drug inspectors on Monday \u2014 a copy of which is available with TOI \u2014 asking them to conduct surprise inspections across India's six lakh chemist shops to check on commercial sale of such drugs.In what could be the largest ever crackdown on retail sale outlets, the DCGI has asked drug controllers to check if drugs under schedule X are being kept under lock and key in cupboard or drawer reserved solely for the storage of these substances as required.Drugs belonging to Schedule X can only be sold by around 480 select chemists and record of sales of this drug has to be maintained for a period of two years.The letter says, \"no person dispensing a prescription containing substances specified on Schedule H or X may supply any other preparation whether containing the same substance or not.\"It explains, \"A retail chemist is a vital link in the distribution chain of drugs from where drugs reach to the consumers. The rule 65 prescribes in detail various requirements which have to be complied with by the licencees. In order to ensure that the chemists comply with the requirements, drug inspectors may be directed to make surprise inspections of chemist shops in their respective jurisdictions to ensure that the conditions are complied with.\"It adds that the chemists and druggists association in states may also be sensitized to ask their members to comply with the provisions of the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules to avoid action under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act.The letter says, \"Supply of drugs specified in schedule X shall be maintained separately. Substances specified in schedule H or X shall not be sold by retail except on and in accordance with the prescription of a registered medical practitioner and in the case of substances specified in schedule X, the prescriptions shall be in duplicate, one copy of which shall be retained by the licensee for a period of two years.\"The ministry of health too is trying to implement a Uniform Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices. The code makes some key recommendations around free samples of drugs given to doctors. It says free samples of medicinal products shall not be supplied to any person who is not qualified to prescribe such product.\"Where samples of products are distributed by a medical representative, the sample must be handed directly to a person qualified to prescribe such product or to a person authorized to receive the sample on their behalf. Such samples are provided on an exceptional basis only and for the purpose of acquiring experience in dealing with such a product. Such sample packs shall be limited to prescribed dosages for three patients. Any supply of such samples must be in response to a signed and dated request from the recipient. Each sample shall be marked free medical sample - not for sale,\" the code said.Under Schedule H, drugs can be stocked by chemists but sold only against prescription of a registered medical practitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258898", "title": "'Hitler' owners start search for new name", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Owners of the garment store called Hitler in Vastrapur have started hunting for a new name. The decision to change the store's name was taken by the duo after pressure from local and international community. The visiting Israeli diplomat took up the issue with the state government on Monday.The owners said that they would take down the board with the name and will come up with a new name soon. However, when the TOI lens man visited the store on Tuesday, the name with the Swastika had continued to adorn the hoarding. Only 'I am not' was added before it.Manish Chandani, co-owner of the store, told TOI that they have started looking for a new name. \"We have been getting mixed responses after the media reports. While some welcomed the decision, others said that they would support us if we continued with the name. But officially, we are going for a new name in a few days time,\" he said.Sources said that Orna Sagiv, consul-general of Israel at Mumbai, met senior state government officials on Monday regarding the issue and concerns of the Jewish community, both in India and all over the world. Sagiv said, \"The concerns of the Jewish community have been put forth before the state government. This is all that I can say.\"The clothing outlet generated much curiosity and controversy after it opened a week ago. Many of the city-based Jews made representations to the owners asking them to change the name given that the German dictator was responsible for the systematic murder of millions of Jews and other people in Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16258903", "title": "High Court grants bail to MP youth", "text": "KOLKATA: Komal Sriwas, the 22-year-old city girl who had moved high court on Monday for the release of her husband, on Tuesday finally succeeded in bailing him out a day later. on Tuesday She even ensured police protection for herself, not only in Kolkata, but also on the way back to her matrimonial home in Madhya Pradesh.Komal's husband Sagar Sriwas, 23, was arrested by officers of the Lake Town police station from Balaghat in Chhattisgarh on August 2 and brought to the city on a transit remand. He has been behind the bars since. Sriwas was arrested after Komal's uncle Anil Kadel registered a complaint, accusing him of abducting her. The youth was nabbed from his Balaghat residence in Chattisgarh on August 2 and brought to the city on transit remand. He has been behind the bars ever since.When the police went to Chhattisgarh to arrest Sriwas, Komal tried to convince the officers that she was an adult and had married the youth on her own free will. The woman said that she had also produced the marriage certificate, but a police officer threw had thrown it on her face and took Sriwas into custody. After that Komal even received threat calls from her father Kamal Kadel - an influential diamond merchant of Kolkata - asking her to return home or face dire consequences. Kadel allegedly told her that Sriwas would be released from jail only if she returned home.On Monday, Komal filed an application before Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice Joymalya Bagchi of Calcutta high court through advocate Md Aammar Zaki, praying for Sriwas' bail. She also mentioned in her petition submitted to the court that she feared her family members would try to harm her as they considered this marriage against it to be a matter of their honour.\"On Tuesday, the chief justice granted bail to Sriwas and also directed the Kolkata Police to provide her with necessary protection during her stay in Kolkata. When she returns to Madhya Pradesh, the Kolkata Police will escort Komal to the station and place her in charge of the Railway Protection Force (RPF). The RPF will provide security till she reaches Madhya Pradesh,\" Zaki said.After being brought to Kolkata, Sriwas was first produced before a court in Bidhannagar where additional charges were levelled against him. The prosecution never disclosed to the Bidhannagar court that the court in Balaghat, while granting the Kolkata Police transit remand, had allowed Komal to stay back with her in-laws. The prosecution insisted that Sriwas had 'paraded' a woman who was not Komal before the court in Balaghat.During a second hearing, it was alleged that Sriwas had called up Komal's father from behind the bars and demanded Rs 5 lakh as ransom. When Komal submitted a plea to the high court, saying that her husband was framed, the chief justice directed her to make her statements before the court in Bidhannagar.\"Once all the charges against Komal's husband are dismissed, we shall file a defamation suit against her family members. After all, Sriwas lost a year due to the false charges levelled against him. He was to sit for his final semester BCA examinations but could not do so as he was arrested. Can anyone return the 36 days that he spent behind the bars for no fault of his? Those who orchestrated the whole affair deserve to be punished,\" Zaki added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "charlotte (north carolina)", "code": "16260128", "title": "No debate on India's importance in US foreign policy: Obama campaign", "text": "CHARLOTTE (North Carolina): Reflecting a consensus in American political set up on India, a top foreign policy adviser to the Obama Campaign asserted that there is \"no debate\" in the US on how important the country is in its foreign policy.\"Frankly, that there is no debate about how important India is in American foreign policy going forward for very strong reasons of shared interests, but also shared values and commitment to democracy,\" Michele Flournoy, Obama for America adviser said.Flournoy, who served the Obama administration as under secretary of defence for policy for two years, said that the US President Barack Obama has talked about the strategic partnership with India.\"As India rises into a greater place of influence in South Asia and in the region more broadly, the United States welcomes that.\"India has been an important partner for us economically, diplomatically, and militarily,\" she said in response to a question.\"When the President had to make his choice about who would be the first world leader to invite to the White House for an official state dinner, he extended the invitation to Prime Minister (Manmohan) Singh,\" Flournoy said.Her remarks to foreign journalists on the sidelines of the Democratic National Convention here came hours before the convention delegates adopted the party's platform which called for greater relationship with India.\"We will continue to invest in a long-term strategic partnership with India to support its ability to serve as a regional economic anchor and provider of security in the broader Indian Ocean region,\" says the 40 page Platform, which the Democratic Party says is part of the effort of the Obama administration to shape the future of the Asia-Pacific region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16258078", "title": "Tracks for Thar Express washed away", "text": "JAISALMER: Heavy rain has washed away sand and stones that hold the tracks of Thar Express. The Barmer-Munabao passenger train which runs on the same tracks has been cancelled. For the time-being, the schedule of Thar Express is unaffected as it is a weekly train, plying on Saturdays between India and Pakistan.Since Monday, heavy rains lashed in many parts of the state and many roads have been washed away in Barmer district.When the rail administration got information about the sand and stones washed away by rain, it cancelled the Barmer-Munabao passenger train and started repair work immediately. According to railway's Jodhpur zone PRO Gopal Sharma, the repair work would be completed soon. Several workers are now on the task to set the tracks right. Many JCB machines were also used in the repair work.Sharma also said in the NWR, Jodhpur division, rains have also washed away sand below the tracks between Jasai and Bachbhar railway stations, due to which rail traffic between Barmer and Munabao was affected. Two trains beween Barmer and Munabao rail section have been cancelled. The route will be set right by Wednesday, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16259394", "title": "Illegal kiosks removed from Sarojini Naidu Marg", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition drive of Allahabad Municipal Corporation removed many illegal kiosks and several hotels that were operational on Sarojini Naidu Marg on Tuesday. The demolition squad of Allahabad Municipal Corporation comprising bulldozers, JCB machines and trucks reached the site.The demolition started from Eklavya Crossing and continued up to the AG Office. It is pertinent to mention that various illegal eateries have come up on this road which sell food items to the people. Inspite of several complaints, no action was taken for the removal of the shops.During the demolition drive, about 26 hotels and small kiosks were removed. The earthern hearths that were constructed on the front portion of the shop were also demolished. A fine of about Rs. 2000 were also realized from the erring officers. The licence holders of the hotels were instructed to operate from the allotted area and not encroach the AMC land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16259278", "title": "Allahabad University scientist moots floodwater harvesting", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as policymakers are mulling over the issue of connecting all the major rivers of the country to minimize the threat of floods and drought alike, a senior faculty member of the Department of Geography of Allahabad University has come up with a unique idea of 'flood harvesting'.The idea, introduced by Prof S S Ojha of AU's Department of Geography, works on a very simple and basic rule.\"Banks of every river are marked with abundant rivulets and nullahs in which the water of the flooded river gets collected before crossing the bank to finally reach the habitats near the banks. Ironically, the water collected in these rivulets goes wasted once the flood recedes. So why not we try to do something to conserve this volume of water and this is where the concept of 'floodwater harvesting' comes into play,\" explained the professor, who is an authority on Climatology.Prof Ojha's team, comprising of his research scholars and students, has done extensive survey of the banks of both the Ganga and Yamuna before coming out with the theory. Ganga, from Sangam to Sringverpur in Allahabad, has over a dozen large rivulets like Mansaita nullah, Shivpur nullah, Bichhia nullah, Rerua nullah, Naraha-Jhingha nullah, Baribol-Chala-Khaglpur nullah, etc. Meeting with the Ganga, Mansaita is the largest and deepest one. The average depth of these rivulets range from four meters to 10 meters while the length of these rivulets ranges from five kilometers to 30 kilometers.Almost all these rivulets have abundant floodwater, which is collected from the flood occurring every year during monsoonal rainfall, said Prof Ojha. The expert Geographer added: \"Floods are in frequent fury in densely populated fertile plains of India and world due to global warming.Consequently, it gives raises the sea levels, specially in tropical regions. The base level of rivers is rising, resulting in silting of the river beds. This results in frequent floods. The un-harvested rainwater reaches river valleys and causes devastation before reaching the ocean. This un-harvested water should be properly harvested for recharge of riverside subsurface aquifers, irrigation of kharif (paddy) and rabi crops, fisheries and discharge into river during lean period.\"He said that the phenomena of flood starts from lower reaches of a river to its upper segment. Although the rivulets supply water to the main branch for flood, the latter is flooded first and rivulets thereafter. The floodwater from trunks stream enters the tributaries and other rivulets and nullah of the banks and if this volume is tapped there itself, it will result in minimizing the devastation of flood and the water stored in the long profile in these nullahs and rivulets will be used for recharge of aquifers along rivers or used for irrigation.For constructing of the flood water harvesting rivulets and nullahs, the earthen dams should have some outlets or entry points through which excess water from rivulets causing a threat to people and property may be given exit and if main rivers witness over flood the excess water may enter the rivulet through these entry points. Soil for the construction of check dams should be taken either from nullah to deepen them and enhance their storage capacity or from the main valley from dredging viewpoint. These temporary checkdams should be studded with tree shrubs cover so that these are natural, temporary and as per need may be given outlet or entry from flood water, he said.Flood water harvesting should be done by the farmers and village people and the natural nullah should be deerepened for large scale water storage as renovation of tanks under MGNREGA is under practice. Talking of the largescale advantages of floodwater harvesting, Prof Ojha, who has put up the idea at a recent conference, too, said that such a water harvesting scheme would have advantages like recharge of riverside subsurface aquifers, supply of water to main river during lean period, irrigation of kharif (paddy) and ravi crops and vegetables, fishing and aquaculture and social forestry. The rivulets, identified and surveyed by Prof Ojha and his team, are not inundated due to local rainfall but are flooded by Ganga flood waters, hence if there are check dams, the floodwater at the time of retreat will be stored which can be released as and when required. The muddy flood fresh water can equally support fishing and aquaculture, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258776", "title": "Cash reward for Jharkhand teachers", "text": "RANCHI: The state human resources development department will felicitate selected teachers of secondary schools under the Jharkhand State Teachers' Award Scheme on Teachers' Day on September 5.The programme will be held at Jharkhand Academic Council office where HRD minister Baidyanath Ram will be the chief guest. The selected teachers at both district and block levels will be awarded a cash prize for their contribution to education in Jharkhand.Principle secretary of HRD department B K Tripathy said, \"A total amount of Rs 24.25 lakh will be given to the selected teachers at block and district level. Almost 75 teachers at district level will be given Rs15,000 each and 130 teachers at block level will be awarded Rs 10,000 each.\"Ranchi University will also felicitate its retired teachers on the day. Pro-VC of university VP Sharan said, \"The programme will be held at Darbar Hall of Raj Bhavan at 5pm in which all the retired teachers of RU will be felicitated by governor and chancellor of the university Syed Ahmed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258161", "title": "Cessed buildings in heritage list may halt redevpt: Govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Fearing that the proposed heritage list may freeze development of thousands of cessed structures, the Maharashtra housing department has opposed it.At a meeting on Tuesday, minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir along with principal secretary of the department Gautam Chatterjee took a decision to object inclusion of cessed buildings in the heritage list. The BMC has invited suggestions over the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee's (MHCC) proposal to tag over 800-odd structures as heritage. September 30 is the last date to appeal against or for the proposed heritage list.\"Besides sending objections in writing to the BMC, the housing department will write a letter to municipal commissioner urging the civic body to exclude BDD chawls and cessed buildings from the heritage list,\" Ahir told TOI.According to Mantralaya officials, there are over 16,000-odd cessed buildings in Mumbai, of which less than 10% have been redeveloped in the last decade. Cessed buildings are those which were constructed prior to 1969.\"If BDD chawls and cessed buildings are not allowed to go ahead with repair works, it would put hundreds of lives in danger. To provide better facilities to those living in these old dilapidated buildings, there is a need for either repair or redevelopment work. But inclusion of these buildings in the heritage list will bring development activities of these areas to a standstill. We do not want people living in these buildings to suffer. Hence, the housing department has objected inclusion of these structures into the heritage list,\" Ahir added.The MHCC has proposed to include 221 BDD chawls, Shivaji Park precinct, several bungalows in Bandra, Mantralaya, Cricket Club of India, police headquarters, Income Tax building at Churchgate, Girgaum Chowpatty, Bharatmata theatre, villages doted by fishermen community such as Aaksa, Marve and Manori and many other areas as heritage 'vastu'.But the draft list did not go well with political parties, especially Raj Thackeray-led MNS and Shiv Sena. Leaders of both the parties put up hoardings and banners in Dadar urging locals to register their protest against inclusion of their properties into the heritage list.MNS MLA Nitin Sardesai said there are several buildings that do not fall into cessed buildings category, but need urgent repairs.\"Government should have broader vision and exclude these old buildings from the list of the heritage structure,\" Sardesai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16257948", "title": "National Commission for Women to probe Shivali suicide case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking suo motu cognizance of Shivali's suicide case, National Commission for Women (NCW) on Tuesday decided to inquire into the incident.The commission has set up a probe panel and NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma is one of the members.The inquiry committee will recommend remedial measures and strategies to prevent recurrence of such incidents, said a statement from the NCW.Shivali had committed suicide by throwing herself in front of a moving train hours after she was \"caught\" with her friend at a police naka by cops and photo journalists on August 30.The cops had allegedly humiliated Shivali and the lensmen had threatened her with publishing her pictures in the newspapers.According to eye-witnesses, Shivali had asked the lensmen not to click her pictures and told them she would commit suicide.Meanwhile, another eyewitness in Shivali suicide case was examined by Jalandhar zone IG Gurpreet Deo on Tuesday and with this the number of those examined in the case crossed 20 on the fourth day of the enquiry which she initiated on Saturday.Police inspector Balwinder Kaur, four members of her police team, six journalists, including photo journalists have already appeared before Deo. Sources said the IG is likely to conclude the probe in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258276", "title": "Baby sale case: Mom wanted 'better care'", "text": "MUMBAI: Afreen Khan, who was arrested by the Charkop police for attempting to sell her 45-day-old baby on Monday, told investigators that she only wanted someone to take care of the child. Khan, 20, used to stay with her husband in Malwani. But after he threw her out of their house, she and her three kids moved to her maternal home at Laljipada in Kandivli (W). Khan told the police that she couldn't make ends meet and wanted a better future for her baby.An NGO had tipped off cops and set up a trap in Charkop, sending a decoy to offer money to Khan for her baby. The police later sent the baby to a children's shelter. Two other women, Raziya Hidayatullah and Payal Kapildev Paswan, who were with Khan were also arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257845", "title": "Two labourers die of suspected diarrhoea, 11 others in hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: Two migrant labourers died on Tuesday and 11 others are in hospital with symptoms of diarrhoea. Sukumar Tutu, 21, was declared 'brought dead' at the Chromepet Government Hospital, while Lal Chand, 24, died at the Government Royapettah Hospital.The deceased and those in hospital are part of nearly 450 labourers staying near a site of a six-storied building under construction near Pallikaranai on the Velachery-Tambaram Road. Seven were admitted to hospitals with complaints of diarrhoea and vomiting on Monday. Four others were admitted on Tuesday.A press release from the corporation said a team of officials rushed to the spot and initiated precautionary measures. The cause of death is yet to be ascertained, the release said. The local councillor, Srirangan of the DMK, said nearly 29 labourers were undergoing treatment in various hospitals with symptoms of diarrhoea.A corporation official said: \"We took water samples from the construction site to check the chlorine level. Initial investigations revealed that the level was low. We suspended the work and issued a showcause notice to the owner.\"Civic officials evacuated all workers from the site. A senior corporation official said: \"there is no need for panic. We have screened all workers.\" Chlorine tablets were distributed to the workers.A senior police officer said: \"They were getting drinking water from a private firm.\"Sources said most workers were from Bihar and Bengal. Some said they had expected something like this. \"We were not able to sleep because of mosquitoes. Remains of food were littered all over. The toilets were bad and most of us were forced for defecate in the open\" said a worker admitted to the Chrompet Government Hospital. Another said there are no proper drinking water facilities at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16256578", "title": "Ex-Gujarat minister Amit Shah charged in fake encounter case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI on Tuesday named former Gujarat minister of state for home Amit Shah and over half a dozen IPS officers, including former CID (crime) chief OP Mathur, as accused in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case of 2006. They were among the 20 people named in the CBI chargesheet.Considered to be one of the favourite cops of chief minister Narendra Modi , Mathur and former state police chief P C Pande, are accused of derailing the probe in the case. Mathur has been charged with culpable homicide amounting to murder, conspiracy and destruction of evidence among others.Officers of CID (crime), IPS Geetha Johri and investigating officer R K Patel have also been charged with criminal conspiracy, murder, and destruction of evidence. They had investigated the fake encounter before the probe was handed over to the CBI.Besides Shah, the chargesheet names four cops - IPS officers D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian, Dinesh MN and a police inspector from Rajasthan Abdul Rehman Shaikh - who are already behind bars in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.The CBI says the killing of Tulsiram, a gangster, was an effort to eliminate a key witness to Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi's killings in 2005. Shah was arrested on July 25, 2010 in the Sohrabuddin case. He was granted bail on October 29 the same year. The Supreme Court has barred him from entering Gujarat after the CBI challenged his bail.The investigating agency moved a magisterial court in Danta in Banaskantha on Tuesday to file the chargesheet against the 20 people. Tulsiram was allegedly killed by Gujarat and Rajasthan cops at Chhapri village near Ambaji in Banaskantha on December 28, 2006.Tulsiram's encounter took place two weeks after the investigating officer in the Sohrabuddin encounter case, V L Solanki, sought permission from Johri to interrogate Tulsiram at Udaipur central jail. Johri, allegedly, at the instance of her superiors, denied permission to Solanki.Mathur's role came under scanner after a former investigator, Rajnish Rai, wrote to Johri in mid-2007 requesting her to collect a vital piece of evidence - a CD - from then the CID (crime) head. Rai claimed he had submitted the CD to Mathur - the evidence never came on record.Rai also highlighted the fact before the Central Administrative Tribunal how Mathur and Pande tried to sabotage the probe. His file notings revealed how Pande tried to change the action taken reports meant to be sent to the Supreme Court in the encounter cases.Names of police officers from Andhra Pradesh , who had allegedly played a role in Sorabuddin and Kauserbi's fake encounter, don't appear in the CBI's chargesheet in the Tulsiram case. IPS officer Abhay Chudasama, who has been jailed in the Sohrabuddin case, has been kept out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258812", "title": "Ranchi roads waterlogged after heavy rain", "text": "RANCHI: Incessant rain for the past 24 hours has wreaked havoc in Ranchi, causing waterlogging in several low lying areas including Harmoo bypass which leads to state assembly.The assembly is in session and MLAs use the same road. In slums areas of Dangra Toli, Kokar, Karam Toli, Hindpidhi, Islam Nagar water was flowing on the roads. The rainfall which began here Monday night is likely to continue for the next three days. Jamshedpur has received the highest rainfall of 25.6mm in this cyclonic period. Ranchi has received 8.2mm and Daltonganj 3.6 rainfall.The met department has predicted more rainfall in next two to three days. Ranchi metrological office director G K Mohanthy said some other places in the state, including Ranchi and Jamshedpur, had received good rainfall.\"In the next 24 hours, the rain will continue to lash many parts of Jharkhand and some isolated places in the state could also receive heavy rainfall,\" he said.Meteorological sources said a well marked low pressure area was lying over Odisha. An associated cyclonic condition tilting towards southwest has influenced rainfall in Jharkhand and adjoining states. The upper cyclonic circulation is 5-6 km above the sea level.In the state capital, the rain started from late Monday evening and continued throughout Tuesday. People in various localities woke up to find roads in their colonies flooded with garbage flowing on the streets. The heavy downpour coupled with a snag in TVNL power station also affected electricity supply in various localities. In Lalpur, Harmu, Doranda and other areas, power was not available throughout the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257736", "title": "Pay Rs 1,600 crore arrears to Army officers: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Assuaging a major grievance of officers upto Brigadier level, the Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Centre to appropriately fix rank pay, introduced to pay them a little more than their civilian counterparts to attract youth to make a career in the Army, and disburse the arrears since January 1, 1986.A bench of Justices R M Lodha, T S Thakur and A R Dave rejected the Union government's application for modification of the apex court's March 8, 2010, order agreeing with the reasoning of Kerala High Court in the case of Major Dhanapalan. The HC had directed proper fixation of rank pay from January 1, 1986, and payment of arrears with 6% interest.In abiding by the court order, the exchequer could face a financial liability of close to Rs 1,600 crore as the SC asked the Centre to pay annual interest of 6% to be calculated from January 1, 2006.This order would apply to all officers of the Army, the Navy and the Air Force, both serving and retired, irrespective of whether they filed petition in court or the Armed Forces Tribunal. The court asked the government to comply with the order in three months.The grievance of the officers in the Army arose from the wrong fixation of rank pay as awarded by the 4th Pay Commission, in which the element of rank pay was introduced for ranks from Captain to Brigadier in the Army and their equivalent ranks in the Air Force and the Navy, in addition to pay in the integrated scale.The rationale of this was to make the Armed Forces attractive career option and to continue the edge that was always provided to the defence officers compared to their civilian counterparts due to the difficult and challenging nature of their job profile.However, at the time of fixation, the rank pay was first deducted to arrive at the total emoluments and thereafter added after fixation in the integrated scale. This ensured that the final fixation of the total pay of the officer became at par with his civilian counterpart and the edge was neutralized during fixation, officers had argued through advocate on record Aishwarya Bhati.This SC order will benefit a large number of officers who were in the rank of Captain to Brigadier in the Army and equivalent ranks in the Air Force and the Navy, between January 1, 1986 and January 1, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259330", "title": "SOPU rakes up mess bill issue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The issue of mess bills created a flutter on Panjab University campus on Tuesday. There was mudslinging as SOPU alleged that PUSU leader Sukhjit Brar had not cleared his mess bill amounting to Rs 98,264, which were his dues from last year.Despite reminders by authorities and a police case against him in this regard, the bill is still pending.\"How department of history gave admission to a student who did not clear his dues in his first year is anybody's guess,\" said Brinder Dhillon, a SOPU leader.PUSU supporters on the other hand claimed that Brar did not clear his dues because of some financial problems. \"He hails from a humble background and there was some financial problem in his family. His father is a farmer and had sent a message to the PU authorities that he would clear his son's dues soon,\" said Paramjeet Singh, a PUSU leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257012", "title": "Chandrababu Naidu in a fix over party's stand on Telangana issue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief N Chandrababu Naidu is in a fix on the eve of his visit to New Delhi on Wednesday to attend a parliamentary party meeting apparently scheduled as a pre-cursor to send a 'favourable' letter on Telangana to the Centre. However, with the party leaders from the Seemandhra region holding divergent views, the TDP chief is 'indecisive' as to what the final official stance of the party on the vexed Telangana issue should be.While Telangana TDP leaders want Naidu to take a favourable stand on the separate state issue in the letter to the Centre that he said he would submit in the first week of September, Andhra leaders are for a united Andhra stand and those from Rayalaseema insist on his pitching for trifurcation of the state.Showing up the divisions in the party over the separate state demand, the Telangana TDP leaders said Wednesday's parliamentary party meet would mainly dwell on the letter to be submitted to the UPA government, while leaders backing Samaikyandhra said the meeting would be centered on the 'BC Declaration' propounded by the party. \"It is our commitment to send a favourable letter to the Centre on T and Naidu is coming to Delhi on Wednesday to discuss the issue,\" said senior party leader and Rajya Sabha member T Devender Goud.However, Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, a senior party leader from Andhra region, said the purpose of Naidu's visit was to prepare the support base for the 'BC Declaration' and that he would meet the Prime Minister to urge for a constitutional amendment for according status to the BC sub-plan, and to pave the way for a separate ministry for backward classes. \"The BC issue is a very pertinent one and the parliamentary party will focus mainly on it. The Telangana issue might be discussed, but it is not the priority now as the party has to take into consideration the concerns of all the three regions before deciding on the draft of the letter,\" he said.While the TRS went around saying it is getting positive signals from Delhi on Telangana, last month, Naidu declared that his party would give its opinion on the bifurcation of the state and set first week of September as a tentative deadline. His declaration came in the wake of the Centre alleging that the TDP was not favouring the division and dubbed Naidu as 'anti-Telangana'.Last week, when he met the leaders of various associations of Telangana Joint Action Committee, they urged Naidu to dispel the general belief that he was anti-Telangana and the former CM is understood to have responded positively while committing himself to send the letter at the earliest. However, Naidu's hands are tied as the demand for a separate Rayalaseema is coming from within his party. Former TDP MLA Byreddy R Reddy, who has formed Rayalaseema Rashtra Samithi, is demanding statehood for Rayalaseema in case Telangana state is formed and he has urged Naidu to include this point in the letter.And the leaders from Andhra are arguing that writing a letter on Telangana was not at all necessary as they feel the Telangana movement is petering out and the TDP's stand supporting the division of state will be political suicide at this stage. Sources closed to Naidu said, while he was enthused by the overwhelming response the BC issue pioneered by the party was eliciting, the party chief was in dilemma over Telangana issue over the confounded political situation relating to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16258725", "title": "Vocational training for Lohardaga teachers", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A 10-day teacher training programme on vocational courses for women hailing from 39 cluster centre government schools concluded at the Sadar Block Resource Centre on Tuesday.It was a Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan programme under National Programme for Education of Girls at Elementary Level, which provides job-oriented training to girls from Class VI to VIII to enable them to be self-reliant in future.The teachers trained in artificial jewellery making, mushroom production, sewing using machine and bicycle repairing. They will use their skills to teach primary and middle school girls of the clusters. \"Girls of Classes VI to VIII are trained three days a week on Saturdays, Sundays and any other holiday,\" informed Sadar Block Education Extension officer Salay Soren.Teachers who trained at the programme are hopeful of the results it will reap. \"Artificial jewellery making is an important course as it attracts good income because of the demand of the products. I have trained several girls under the Kujra cluster schools on fancy jute work, making agarbatti, surf, handicraft and knitting,\" Suman Devi, one of the trainees, proudly proclaimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257264", "title": "\u2018Missing\u2019 Yashoda Hospital doctor\u2019s kin get ransom call", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old radiologist, Sri Harsha Reddy, working at Yashoda Hospital, Malakpet went missing after he left the hospital on Monday evening. On Tuesday evening, his family members said they had received a ransom call. Following this, a missing complaint was lodged by his colleagues at the Chaderghat police station. He is married to Hema Prasanna, who is a PG student at Manipal medical college. Harsha used to stay at an apartment behind Yashoda Hospital along with some colleagues.As Harsha did not return to the flat on Monday and stopped answering phone calls, his roommate Hemant checked the hospital CCTV footage on Tuesday morning and found Harsha leaving the hospital at about 5.30 pm on Monday. His father informed the police that one Venkat Reddy called him from his son's phone at 5.36 pm on Tuesday. Harsha hails from Guntur. The caller told Harsha's father that they had found the doctor with a girl and demanded Rs 40 lakh to release him. Later at 7.30 pm, Harsha's uncle Gopal Reddy got a call from Harsha's cell phone.This time the caller identified himself as Balu of Suryapet. The caller is reported to have said he was a BTech student. Balu told Gopal Reddy that he found the cell phone on the road, said a Chaderghat police official.Later police managed to contact Balu twice but later the phone was switched off. Chaderghat inspector Syed Nayeemuddin Javed said that they had sent a team to Suryapet to trace the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "charlotte (north carolina)", "code": "16261572", "title": "US has common cause with Pak on war against terror: Pentagon", "text": "CHARLOTTE (NORTH CAROLINA): The Pentagon has said that it has common cause with Pakistan on war against terror, and hoped that the two countries would continue to work together on this issue.\"We believe that the Pakistani government shares our view that terrorists threaten both countries, both Pakistan and the United States.\"Scores of Pakistanis have regrettably been killed by terrorists inside Pakistan,\" Pentagon press secretary, George Little, told reporters at a news conference on Tuesday.\"We, of course, have suffered losses as well, inside Pakistan and elsewhere, from al-Qaida and from other terrorist groups operating along the Afghan-Pakistan border,\" he said.\"So we have common cause with the Pakistanis. We're working closely with the Pakistanis on the counterterrorism issue, and we will continue to do so,\" Little said.\"I think that we're in a new place with US-Pakistani relations. We are on better footing these days, so I don't see any effect this one book has on US-Pakistani relations. We certainly hope it doesn't have that effect,\" he said referring to the book \"No Easy Day,\" written by a former Navy SEAL, who participated in the operation to kill Osama Bin Laden.Meanwhile, praying for the recovery of both American and Pakistani victims of the recent attack on US Consulate vehicle in the Pakistani city of Peshawar, a State Department spokesperson deplored this cowardly act of suicide bombing and terrorism took the lives of Pakistanis and indeed injured two of US personnel.\"The FBI is taking part in that investigation, is leading that investigation. Diplomatic security will assist as well. But to our knowledge, no one had claimed responsibility for the attack, and we're not going to speculate at this period on who may be responsible,\" State Department spokesperson, Patrick Ventrell, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257537", "title": "\u2018What\u2019s happening\u2019 at Bharat Bhawan", "text": "BHOPAL: Initially it was difficult, but after six months of practice and being together, five local theatre artistes, under the guidance of a French choreographer, pulled off something amazing, leaving the audience impressed. The play What's Happening was staged at the Bharat Bhawan here on Tuesday.\"Everything was very strange and absurd to begin with. We had trouble understanding the French way of doing theatre,\" said Rohit Jain. Directed by Gladys Clain, the play included five local theatre artistes, four of whom are from Madhya Pradesh Drama School including Rohit Jain, Ajesh Shukla, Abhijit Solanki and Avijit Chirag.The experience was unlike they had expected. The six lived together for almost two months. \"Gladys wanted us to gel us as a group. In the end, it really helped,\" said Avijit Chirag, one of the casts.The play What's Happening is based on French poet Charles Baudelaire's poem The Flower of Evil. It was translated in Hindi by Anil Sharma.Having read the play in French, Gladys experiment in the Indian contemporary theatre was more about methodology. \"Indian methodology stresses on the importance of outer image while for Gladys inner instinct should be revealed on stage,\" said Anoop Joshi 'bunty', the lightman at the theatre.\"For me, a little movement of hands is dance and can have various meanings. The body language in Indian theatre is inclined towards outburst of feelings, unlike the French way, which is mellow,\" said Gladys.The play revolves around five men who talk about life, decorated with ballets of Gladys and classical music of Chekovsky, Eric Selki and the tribal beats of Africa and Brazil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258303", "title": "Cops: LeT gave Jundal $500 for Karnavati train blast", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations have revealed that Lashkar-e-Taiba operative Zabihuddin Ansair alias Abu Jundal was given US$500 for the Karnavati Express blast in Ahmedabad. Though Jundal was imparted a weapon handling training in Pakistan, he has confessed to learning bomb-making techniques in Nepal. He also told investigators that earlier he had twice refused to undergo training in Pakistan.Jundal (31), who originally belongs to Beed district in Maharashtra, is currently in the state ATS custody for his alleged involvement in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. The police had seized 43 kg of RDX, 16 AK-47 assault rifles, 3,200 live bullets, 50 hand grenades, two swords, etc. So far, police have arrested 22 people, including Jundal, in this case.After reaching Nepal , Jundal met LeT operative, Juned alias Rehan alias Waii, a Pakistani national. \"During the next two days, Juned taught me how to make a bomb from crackers and also gave me a task. Jundal was then given another task of receiving the delivery of weapons at a place called Nasik Road. After a few days, Juned gave Jundal the code name of \"Pappu\". On the last day of their stay in Nepal, Jundal met Juned at Bala Zoo Park in Kathmandu . \"Juned gave me $500 and another task to fire on Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) shops/offices or trigger a blast somewhere in India. After that, we returned to India,\" Jundal told the police.Jundal then planned to carry out a bomb blast in a train. He, along with his associates, purchased some crackers, thermocol, knobs, battery, watch, etc. He assembled a suitcase bomb and planted it in a train moving towards Ahmedabad, which exploded at Ahmedabad railway station, the police said.During questioning, Jundal told the police that he was introduced to Aslam Kashmiri in 2005. \"Aslam was introduced to me as an LeT terrorist working for the rights of Muslims. During our meeting, Aslam told me that Faiyaz (who was sent to Kashmir by another accused, Moyhammed Amir, for jehad) had been encountered by the Indian Army,\" Jundal told police, adding that Aslam asked him to come with him to Kashmir (for going to Pakistan for training) but he refused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16260168", "title": "Asthma inhalers stunt kids' growth", "text": "Washington: Children who take inhaled steroid drugs for asthma end up being slightly shorter as adults than those not using the medication, a new study has found.Researchers found that, on average, children using steroids for asthma were half an inch shorter than their peers. It is the first major study to follow children with asthma into adulthood for height checks.The study involved more than 1,000 children aged between 5-12 years, who were treated for mild to moderate asthma. They were divided into three groups: one received twice-daily budesonide , an inhaled corticosteroid medication; a second group received nedocromil, an inhaled non-steroid medication ; and a third group received a placebo.The mean adult height was about 1.2cm, shorter in the group that received budesonide than in the placebo group. The patients who experienced the slower growth were primarily between 5-11 years old when they began using budesonide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "samastipur (bihar)", "code": "16257733", "title": "Woman sells 18-month-old son to clear Rs 15,000-debt in Bihar", "text": "SAMASTIPUR (Bihar): Driven by poverty, a woman of this district has sold her 18-month-old son to another woman to pay off a debt of Rs 15,000, police said today.The impoverished woman Parvati of Chandchaur village allegedly sold off her son to Bini Devi yesterday in Devi's village Chiranjivipur in Begusarai district, they said.The residents of Chiranjivipur village came to know about the boy and informed the local police who intimated their counterparts at Ujiarpur police station where a complaint was lodged, they said.During investigation it was found that Parvati had sold off her son to return Rs 15,000 that she had taken from a person, they said.A police team from Ujiarpur police station later recovered the boy from the woman who had bought him and handed him over to his biological mother, they said.Samastipur DM Kundan Kumar said he had heard about the incident, but was yet to receive a written complaint in this regard.The district administration has not received any request from the woman for financial assistance, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16257031", "title": "Don\u2019t diet; one can fall prey to dengue: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee today asked the youth to avoid dieting as that could bring down resistance levels and result in their falling prey to ailments like dengue.Her advice to the youth when she spoke about dengue outbreak in the state at a press conference here. Dengue cases have crossed over 600 in the state.\"My young friends, I appeal to all of you, not to go on diet as this can bring down your immunity system and you can be prone to diseases like dengue,\" she said while asking them to take plenty of food and water.The chief minister also blamed a section of doctors for diagnosing heart attack as dengue without proper verification and issuing death certificates.\"Writing of heart attack as dengue, is not done. Dengue must be confirmed before issuing death certificates,\" Banerjee who is also the health minister,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258396", "title": "Incessant rains throw life out of gear", "text": "NAGPUR: For the third consecutive day heavy rains lashed the city and region. Like the last two days, it rained throughout the day on Tuesday, too. Most of the city streets were clogged with rainwater, making it inconvenient for motorists to drive. The weather department has predicted heavy to very heavy rainfall with thundershowers for the next couple of days too.The fire department received complaints about water logging from areas like Mamtapuri, Chandranagar, Old corporation school, Saraswati Nagar and Balaji Nagar. One of the common sights was vehicles whose tyres had stuck into the puddles on most of the busy streets in the city. Large trees were uprooted at Narendra Nagar, in front of the Police Headquarters at Takli, on the Medical Square to Ajni stretch and near Ravi Nagar quarters.In the last three days, Nagpur has received a total of 126.5mm on rainfall, of which 68.6mm was received on Tuesday (till 8.30pm). Ironically, for a string of days before the rainy spell, the city was reeling under days with high temperature and very low humidity. In fact, it did not rain at all on the first day of September, too. It was only after September 2 that the rainy spell begun. This makes it almost two thirds of the mean rainfall expected in September in the city.With predictions of heavy rainfall over the next few days, the total rainfall in September this year may well cross the mean rainfall of 170.9mm.Elsewhere in Vidarbha region Akola, Amravati, Chandrapur, Wardha and Gondia have also been receiving heavy showers for the past day or two. In Akola, the total rainfall till 6.30pm on Tuesday was 79.1mm, which was the highest in the region. The second highest rainfall was recorded in Amravati with 51.6mm. By that time, Nagpur had received only 23.2mm rainfall, which went up to 68.6mm in the next three hours.\"There is a well marked low pressure area in Central India over central Chhattisgarh and Orissa whose centre lies near Raipur even as south westerly winds keep blowing towards the region. This has been responsible for the continuous rainfall in the region over the last couple of days,\" said Vijay Barapatre, director of the regional meteorological centre in the city.He said that the current system of weather means that there would be heavy to very heavy rainfall in several areas of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Vidarbha in the next 36 hours.Continuous cloud cover and rains also brought down the temperature of the city on Tuesday. The maximum temperature of the day was 29.8 degree Celsius which is one degree below normal and the minimum temperature was 24.6 degrees. Having received the most amount of rainfall in the region by 5.30pm, Akola was also the hottest in the region with its maximum temperature being 30.9 degrees, which is three degrees lower than normal. Yavatmal was the coolest with its minimum temperature being the lowest in the region at 20 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16259210", "title": "Retreating monsoon makes way for pleasant evenings in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: After weeks of relentless downpour across Ludhiana, the monsoon has started to retreat now. Besides improving the water condition in the state, the rain has also brought down the temperature.Weather experts attribute this fall in temperature, especially at night, to the showers occurring almost every alternate day. Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said, \"The nights have become pleasant ahead of the last leg of monsoon season, with less intensity rains on every alternate day.\"She added, \"The disturbances which caused heavy rains in Jaipur and Mumbai are all set to strike the city. As a result the night temperatures are likely to fall further.\"Monsoon rains, which remained subdued till July, gathered pace in the first week of August and accelerated towards the end of it. Now even as the monsoon has entered a weak phase, residents are enjoying the change in the weather. Pooja Gupta, a resident of Mall Road and wife of businessman Rohit, said, \"The nights have become cooler and it seems that monsoon will be over within the next few days. This is a perfect weather for evening walks and outings. And during night, the fan is enough to cool the room.\"Gurmeet Singh , a businessman of Model Town, said, \"The gradual change in weather was expected in September. Its good that nights have started to become cool as we are now saving money by not using AC during night.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258428", "title": "'Janta durbars' to resume at police station every Saturday", "text": "NAGPUR: The tradition of the 'Janta durbars' at the police stations on every Saturday is set to resume in the city after a long gap. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has urged senior inspectors of the 23 police stations under him to restart the practice to increase rapport with the citizens and bridge the communication gap.In the weekly crime meeting on Tuesday, CP Dhanvijay helped revive a long lost exercise which the city had once witnessed. The noisy 'janta durbars' had been the regular weekly features at the police stations during the reign of the then CP Satya Pal Singh, now chief of Mumbai police, where the citizens bombarded the cops with their queries and also brought to the fore their grievances and complaints.Apart from the status of the cases, citizens were offered opportunities to bring in complaints of public nuisance and grievances from respective localities. They were also allowed to express their issues before the senior officers who would attend the 'durbars' and note down the complaints. The feedbacks and compliances of such complaints were also given to the citizens. In several such meetings, issues of corruption of police department also surfaced.Following the much crammed schedules of police and increased work pressure, the practice of organizing 'janta durbars' was discontinued. CP Dhanvijay said that bringing back the practice was part of his effort to strengthen the police-public bond. \"It is my vision to increase interaction between police and common citizens so as to remove any misunderstandings, filtering of proper information and redressal of public grievances,\" said Dhanvijay. the CP whose efforts in community policing and constituting communal harmony through programmes has left a mark in the city so far.Dhanvijay has also made it mandatory for every police station in-charges to spend one hour each in the morning and evening on regular basis at the station house manning the diary. \"Unless pushed with certain unavoidable duties, the PIs in every police station have to spend an hour in the morning and evening receiving the complainants at the police station and address their issues,\" said the top cop. Apart from the order of the 'janta darbar', the CP has also issued instructions regarding the PI's responsibility to seat at the station house mandatory in the internal crime meeting. \"The vision is to ensure that PI is visible to the masses,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257150", "title": "Indore police crack loot plot, arrest 3", "text": "INDORE: Police claimed to have cracked the Rs 53 lakh loot case at the Maurya Steel 48 hours after the incident. In a press conference on Monday night, SP Anil Kushwaha and ASP said the loot was planned by two employees, Akash and Lovelesh Gupta, of the company.On Saturday evening, Lovelesh and another employee, Suresh Yadav, were returning to Pithampur after collecting money from Steel House at Loha Mandi when two youths snatched their bag having Rs 53 lakh and escaped. Lovelesh had already alerted Akash about the money transit. Akash, in turn, had informed his friends Mohit and Babu Yadav who hatched a loot plan. The trio was constantly in touch with each other.When Akash and Lovelesh reached Loha Mandi, Lovelesh, who was in constant touch with his accomplices, asked them to intercept their vehicle and run away with Rs 53 lakh.The identity of the accused was ascertained after the police examined footage from CCTV cameras installed at Loha Mandi. They noticed a white friendship band on the wrist of one of the accused. While interrogating suspected employees, the police matched the wrist band on Mohit's hand with that in the footage procured which led them to the accused.The police have recovered the amount from a property of one Jitendra Silawat. Lovelesh, Mohit and Akash have been arrested. Babu Yadav and Jitendra Silawat are still at large. Akash, Mohit and Babu are students of Holkar College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16259614", "title": "With their breadwinners in jail, families feel the heat", "text": "Mangalore: The families of persons accused of beating up young birthday party revellers at Morning Mist Home Stay at Padil here on July 28 find themselves in a piquant situation. With their sole bread winners behind bars, the families are finding it hard to cope with the situation at home that has small children and old aged persons requiring constant care and attention, while they shuttle between court and the prison in search of a solution. Sarvani Rai, mother of the main accused in the case Subash Padil, said here on Tuesday. \"While Subash was there and the law is dealing with him, what is the fault of my other sons Tharanath Rai who was on his way to Mysore at the time of the attack and Suresh who had gone to visit Subash at the hospital where he was admitted after the incident,\" she questioned. She said that police picked up Tharanath and Suresh from the hospital initially for questioning, they later arrested them. Likewise, Venugopal, Tharanath Alva and Ramesh Kotian, who are in no way connected to the incident and were mere curious onlookers in the homestay premises where the attacks took place are paying the price for their curiosity, she said, adding that representations to authorities concerned have gone unheeded. Chandravathi Alva, wife of Tharanath Alva, Vidyavathi, wife of Venugopal and Nalinakshi, wife of Ramesh Kotian contended that their husbands have no connection with any right-wing organization and they are said to be behind the incident. While Tharanath is an AC mechanic, Venugopal and Ramesh were working as a autorickshaw driver and civil contractor respectively. They are in jail for almost over a month now. \"The situation in our houses has become miserable,\" Vidyavathi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258031", "title": "'Miscreants enter GMCH premises easily as ID cards are not checked'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The doctors and other staff of the Gauhati Medical College and Hospitals (GMCH) are making it easier for miscreants to enter hospital premises in the guise of doctors or medical staff as they do not carry their identity cards along with them as per norm.Two miscreants, dressed as doctors, entered the female ward of the hospital at night a few days back. Though they were nabbed by the hospital security and handed over to the police, some hospital officials claim that this would not have happened if the guards had checked their identity cards.GC Das, the head of gynaecology and obstetrics department said, \"I have not seen anyone wear their identity cards within the hospital premises in all the years that I have worked here. The problem is that the rule of checking identity cards is not mandatory here, so nobody wears it.\"He said many find it derogatory to carry or show their identity cards, especially the ones who have been serving the hospital for many years. \"There are a lot of people who will take offence if asked to show their identity card as they feel that they are quite well-known and need not carry an identity card,\" he said.\"Had it been AIIMS or any other hospital outside the state, the same doctors would have followed the rules without questioning. Rules are strictly followed in hospitals outside the state,\" he added. Another GMCH staff said though there are many rules in the hospital, very few are followed.\"The hospital has many rules, but the sad part is that most of them are not followed. There is a rule that only one or two family members can stay with the patient, but three to four family members stay with the patient. People continue to disobey rules because no one is being questioned for breaking a rule,\" he said.While some doctors and hospital staff say that identity cards are not being checked, the hospital authorities claim otherwise. GMCH superintendent R Talukdar said, \"We have given instructions to the security persons to check the identity cards of patients and even the doctors. Hundreds of people enter the hospital premises every day and sometimes there are mistakes in the checking of ID cards. We handed over the miscreants to the police, so there is nothing to worry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257284", "title": "Rs 30 lakh machine at ESIC a mere showpiece", "text": "INDORE: Raising hopes of a large number of people suffering from lung-related ailments in the city, ESIC hospital had procured a high-tech machine shelling out Rs 30 lakh. The installation of the machine was expected to provide better treatment to cure lung-related ailments.On an average, all the three departments of the hospital get 40-45 patients per day. However, the machine has now turned out to be a white elephant. The hospital has no trained staff who can put the machine to use.As such, since its installation six months ago, the machine has been used only seven times. Employees' State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) had procured the state-of-the-art video Bronchoscope machine for better diagnosis of lung diseases. It was expected to benefit a large number of people suffering from ailments including asthma, bronchitis and emphysema. But the doctors at the hospital did not receive any training regarding the operation of the machine. \"We have brought the fact to the notice of the hospital superintendent from time to time, but to no avail. The staff has not been trained to operate the costly equipment even six months after its installation,\" said one of the doctors requesting anonymity.When asked, superintendent of ESIC hospital Dr K C Vishwas said, \"The doctors will learn to use the instrument as they start using it on patients.\"Before getting the facility, the hospital was referring patients to tie-up hospitals.According to sources, even after purchasing the costly equipment it was kept lying idle for more than two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259790", "title": "We must frame policies in public interest: Expert", "text": "BANGALORE: For a developing country like India, it is a tough choice between building infrastructure and protecting the environment, said Planning Commission member BK Chaturvedi on Tuesday.He was speaking at the opening day of an international conference on Public policy and governance, 2012, at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc). \"Many of the developing countries built their infrastructure long ago, but are not of good quality. For development works, we need to get clearances from various departments.\"\"While building roads and other infrastructure in rural areas, India has failed to protect about 24% of forest cover. It is, therefore, a tough choice to make between building infrastructure and protecting the environment. But we must frame policies in public interest ,\" he pointed out.Stating that policies have to be framed with correct assessment so that they don't fall short of expectations, he cited the example of Bengaluru International Airport: It was constructed with the objective of managing four million passengers every day, but now has been forced to expand its capacity to 20 million passengers.\"If a developing country like India has to achieve growth rate of 8.5-9 %, we need more private investment in sectors like health and education. We need to improve governance tremendously and use the IT sector extensively ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16259385", "title": "Coalgate: One family that struck gold in coal mines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Of the five companies raided on Tuesday, three belong to one family - the Nagpur-based Jayaswals. Split in two businesses, they are among the largest beneficiaries in the coal block allocations, holding 10 blocks with more than 900 million tonnes of coal. What is more striking is that they managed to get such a large allocation with only one project running on the ground.Outside Raipur , in the smog-filled industrial area of Siltara, exists a steel plant run by Jayaswal Neco company. Headed by the family patriarch Basant Lal Jayaswal, the company is managed by his son Ramesh Jayaswal. Until a few years ago, Ramesh's elder Manoj was part of the Neco Group. But following a family feud, he branched out, taking control of companies under the banner of Abhijeet Group.Business circles in the region believed the brothers had parted on an acrimonious note and that their businesses, Neco and Abhijeet group, were separate. But on Tuesday, when an unknown company AMR Iron and Steel was raided, and journalists scoured through its returns filed with the registrar of companies, they discovered that the brothers jointly held stake in the company, with their father and family. People in Nagpur are now speculating if AMR in the company's name stands for 'Arvind, Manoj, Ramesh'. Arvind is their older brother. But the larger question is how did one family corner 10 blocks. Part of the answer could lie in the family's political clout. One of the directors of JLD Yavatmal, in which Manoj holds partial stake, was Devendra Darda, son of Congress MP Vijay Darda.Abhijeet Group seemed to have the ability to win the support of bureaucrats. Of the six blocks it was allotted, five lie in Jharkhand. Meanwhile, Jayaswal Neco features among 58 companies that were issued show cause notices this year for \"unsatisfactory progress\" in their projects. The review committee noted the company had not shown any progress in expanding its plant in Siltara for which it had been allocated 215 million tonne mine in Jharkhand and 107 million tonne mine in Chhattisgarh - a staggering allocation. Strikingly , even in 2010, the committee had made similar observations , asking for show cause notices to be issued to the company , adding that the Chhattisgarh HC had ordered the state government not to allow the expansion of the plant.In the case of Abhijeet group, which obtained three coal blocks in 2005 for a sponge iron plant, not only has the company shown no progress in setting up the plant, seven years after it got a block, it has not even finalized where its plant would be. Again, both in 2010 and 2012, the company was issued show cause notices, but no action was taken.All in the family * Of five companies raided on Tuesday, three belong to one family \u2014 the Nagpur-based Jayaswals * Family patriarch Basant Jayaswal. Three sons Ramesh, Manoj &amp; Arvind * Ramesh manages Jayaswal Neco Group. Father is group chairman. Manoj heads Abhijeet GroupAbhijeet Group has six coal blocks Jharkhand: Five blocks Chhattisgarh: Fatehpur East (Allocated to JLD Yavatmal Energy) These six add up to 444 mn tonnes of coalJayaswal companies raided today AMR Iron and Steel (jointly held). JAS Infrastructure (Abhijeet Group). JLD Yavatmal (Abhijeet Group &amp; Darda Family)Jayaswal NECO group has three coal blocks Chattisgarh: Gare Palma IV/4 Gare Palma IV/8 Jharkhand: Moitra These add up to 447 mn tonnesJoint ownership: AMR Three brothers jointly own AMR Iron and Steel, allocated a 31 mn tonne block Bander, Maharashtra Between them, 10 blocks and 917 mn tonnes of coal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258577", "title": "Mumbai weather: Monday's rainfall more than that of entire Sept in 2004 &amp; 2002", "text": "MUMBAI: Continuous rainfall through the night after Monday's heavy showers pushed the rain gauge a notch higher in the record books. The 185.3 mm of rain recorded at Santa Cruz in the 24 hours since 8.30am on Monday is the second-highest one-day rainfall for September this decade. It is, of course, the wettest 24 hours this season.The highest one-day rainfall of September was recorded in 2005 with 223.3 mm on September 10.Interestingly, Monday's rainfall is more than that recorded during the whole of September in two years over the last decade. In 2004 and 2002, Mumbai recorded 155.9 mm and 116.9 mm, respectively, of rainfall through the month of September.Tuesday, however, was not half as wet as Monday for the city. Between 8.30am and 5.30pm on Tuesday, Colaba received only 2.6 mm of rainfall while Santa Cruz recorded 26.8 mm of precipitation.The met department is maintaining the heavy rainfall warning for one more day. \"Though the city did not receive much rainfall on Tuesday, areas in the north-including Thane-have received high rainfall,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast, Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai. Thane recorded 69.5 mm of rainfall on Tuesday.\"Monday's rainfall has decreased, though marginally, the deficit the city has been seeing this season,\" said a weather expert. The IMD says Colaba is still 597.5 mm deficit. In Santa Cruz, it is 470.2 mm.Tulsi lake overflowsAt 10am on Tuesday, Tulsi lake crossed the overflow mark, reports Linah Baliga. It is the third city lake to do so after Modak Sagar and Tansa. Last year, Tulsi had brimmed over on July 11. This catchment supplies 18 mld water to Powai and Aarey Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257077", "title": "HC grants bail to evangelist Paul", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Tuesday granted bail to evangelist K A Paul, who was arrested in connection with the murder case pertaining to his brother David Raju.Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu, while granting bail to Paul, directed him not to leave the state without the court's permission and furnish two sureties worth Rs one lakh each at the trial court in Mahbubnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258778", "title": "Transparency takes a beating, courts frown", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cricketer Unmukt Chand and national chess player Chetna Karnani are not stray examples of talented sportspersons suffering due to the arbitrary sports quota policy of the Delhi %University.While Chand was not allowed to sit for his examination due to low attendance, Karnani was denied admission under the sports quota because she couldn't prove her \"fitness\" by running a kilometre in six minutes. Both followed earlier instances of students approaching courts for relief. In Karnani's case, the judges were surprised to note that DU defended its decision to gauge fitness of an indoor game player by insisting on outdoor physical endurance, including standing broad jump and a 50-metre dash.DU's sports quota admissions have regularly led to litigation before the high court. Last year, the court was forced to intervene to bring greater transparency into the admission process after it found irregularities in admissions under the sports quota.The court had detected loopholes in the selection process of Hindu and Satyawati colleges which had then been suspended. Justice Hima Kohli had then directed DU to \"frame comprehensive, centralized guidelines\" for admissions under the sports quota, an instruction that seems to have largely gone unnoticed.Lack of transparency in admissions by DU was also faulted by Justice Kailash Gambhir when he pulled up the university for \"chaos\" in admissions under the ECA/sports quota, blaming absence of clear guidelines. The judge had ordered fresh trials for admission after three candidates moved court complaining of favouritism by authorities during the admission trials.Karnani's petition, an order on which has been reserved, might lead to sports admissions being streamlined, but till then students seeking entry into colleges through the sports quota will continue to suffer.Sports quota problems are not limited to just securing admissions. This is clear from the example of other students from St Stephen's College who dragged it and DU to court for not being allowed to sit for their examination.The students - all in their first and second year - were detained. Of them eight - Sanya Sehgal (table tennis), Keshav Mehra (cricket), Abhishek Kapoor (cricket), Dhananjay Singh (squash), Ankit Arora (badminton), Bhupender Rathee (basketball), Nishant Sharma (football) and Ankit Yadav (basketball) - were sports quota admissions. Another student, Humzaa Ali Khan, was not a sports quota admission but plays basketball for St Stephen's.Sehgal, ranked No. 1 in Delhi and No. 11 in the country, plays over a dozen tournaments in a year. \"I have to attend the five national ranking tournaments. That's how our rankings improve and on that basis we participate in international tournaments,\" says the second year BA Programme student. She represents her college, university, state, zone and - if she's one of the top eight - the country too. For all that, she gets only 40 days of attendance benefit. \"If you include travel, each tournament takes us away for about 10 days,\" she says adding, \"I'm going to Bangalore tomorrow (Wednesday) and I'll attend at least two classes before I leave.\" The results for her course haven't been declared. \"Ours were delayed because of the case. Mine will come on September 14,\" she says. Her scores will determine the fate of her petition.The petitions by Rathee and Singh were declared \"infructuous\" by the court after they failed to clear the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258618", "title": "Two teachers suspended after girl pupils allege misbehavior", "text": "PANAJI: The government has suspended two teachers of two aided high schools in North Goa, following complaints by girl students that the male teachers had misbehaved with them.The girls had complained to the heads of the institutes, which are based in Shiroda and Bardez, and the schools' managements had called for the teachers' suspensions pending inquiries.An inquiry committee will be constituted within 15 days as per education regulations and could lead to the dismissal of the teachers, if the complaints are proven.Goa had recently witnessed a furore over the case of an alleged rape of a 17-year-old student by her school art teacher. The student had later committed suicide, shortly after the teacher, Kanhaiya Naik, was released on bail. The incident at Panaji's Progress High School pushed the state government into action on complaints of misconduct against female students by their male teachers.A teacher from Canacona's Mallikarjun High School was dismissed last month based on a 1994-complaint of harassment against him by a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16262314", "title": "International Literacy Day celebrated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The department of Life Long Learning and Extension, Panjab University under the guidance of Sween began a week long celebration of International Literacy Day which falls on September 8.This year the theme of the Literacy Day is 'Adult Literacy and Life Skills'. The department organized two day orientation programme on September 3 and 4 on life skill education for school students at Government Senior Secondary School, Sector-15. Renu Gandhi, Programme In-charge and Associate Professor from the Department expressed that there is a need to introduce life skills among youth so that they will enhance their personality with formal education system. There are new challenges before them like HIV/AIDS, Adolescent Education, Media and aggressive behaviour among youth.This could be handled by educating them ten life skills like problem solving, decision making, empathy, stress management, emotional stability and time management. Empathy is an important factor which needs to be taken care by the youth because of their irrational behaviour in the society. She explained how time management can help in managing stress at of school and college students. Time management is a managerial skill. One should know it and handle it with zeal and commitment towards the cause which enhances quality of life of an individual.Amarjit Kaur, Principal proposed a Vote of thanks to the organizers and said that like skill education programme should be held on regular basis in schools and colleges which help in enhancing the personality of an individual.Nitish Kumar also spoke on this occasion on the issue of creativity among students. On September 5 and 6 the programme will be held at Govt. Sr. Secondary School, Khuda Lahora. The Resource person will be Renu Gandhi, Preeti Rawat and Nitish Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16256505", "title": "CBI names Congress MP, kin in Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The probe into the mega-billion 'Coalgate' scam moved into a higher gear on Tuesday, with the Central Bureau of Investigation registering five FIRs into irregularities against five companies and several individuals, including a leading political family of Maharashtra.Those named in the first set of FIRs include Congress member of Rajya Sabha Vijay Jawaharlal Darda, his brother and education minister of Maharashtra Rajendra J Darda and his son Devendra. They have been accused of criminal conspiracy, suppression and misrepresentation of facts and violation of Prevention of Corruption Act.Apart from the Dardas, promoters of Nagpur-based Abhijeet group \u2014 Arvind Kumar Jayaswal, Manoj Jayaswal and Ramesh Jayaswal \u2014 have also been named in the FIRs. The group, which has clocked spectacular growth in recent years, was one of the biggest beneficiaries of controversial allocations of coal blocks.The FIRs named three companies belonging to the Dardas -- AMR Iron and Steel (Nagpur), JLD Yavatmal Energy (Nagpur) and JAS Infrastructure Capital (Kolkata). The promoters of Navabharat Power, which has since become a subsidiary of Essar group , and Vini Iron and Steel Udyog, now controlled by an alleged aide of former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda, figure in the remaining two FIRs.The agency is likely to file at least six more FIRs shortly, and enlist the cooperation of the Enforcement Directorate as part of a widening probe into the alleged swindle which surpasses the 2G scam in scale, and has jammed Parliament for over two weeks, placing corruption prominently on the national frontburner.CBI has also listed \"unknown\" government officials in the FIRs registered for cheating, criminal conspiracy and under many sections of Prevention of Corruption Act as preliminary investigations showed that some officials involved in the allocation process may have colluded with private players.Tuesday saw CBI teams carrying out raids in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Patna , Kolkata, Nagpur, Dhanbad, Ranchi, Hyderabad, Bhilai, Yavatmal and Raipur among others. They recovered several documents related to the cases and questioned officials including directors of the accused companies.The FIR against Navabharat Power accuses its original promoters, P Trivikrama Prasad and Y Harish Chandra Prasad, of fabricating facts to secure Rampia and Dipside Rampia coal blocks. The Prasad siblings later sold the company to Essar Power.The fifth FIR features Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Limited, with the CBI accusing Sanjeev Kumar Tulsyan, Prashant Tulsyan and five other directors as well as the company's chartered accountant of making the false claim that they were part of a consortium. According to the FIR, the directors misrepresented facts in order to appear financially viable. Significantly, one of the directors, Vaibhav Tulsyan, told TOI that they had sold the company to Vijay Joshi, a close aide of former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda, five months before the block was allocated.The FIRs come when the confrontation between Congress and BJP looks set to intensify. Not surprisingly, CBI's action evoked contrary responses from the two antagonists. Congress responded by suggesting that the law was taking its own course and that the government would ensure that the guilty don't go unpunished.\"If anyone has resorted to such wrongdoing, then not only his coal block allocation will be cancelled but he will be in jail. I can guarantee you,\" coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal told reporters, as he shrugged aside suggestions of him being linked to the Jayaswals of Abhijeet group.BJP saw the raids as a vindication of its agitation against Coalgate and harped on the fact that it was a complaint by its party MPs to the Central Vigilance Commission which set the stage for the CBI probe into the allocation of coal blocks. \"CBI raids today are on the basis of our complaint to the CVC. This is just the beginning, but it proves that there have been wrongdoings in the coal block allocations,\" party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.\"The cases have been registered on allegations related to getting coal blocks allocated on the basis of misrepresentations and false claims in the applications, presentations and connivance/lack of due diligence on part of public servants. Promoters of some of these companies have allegedly sold their stakes in an irregular manner after allocation of coal blocks,\" said CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra.CBI sources claimed that the Dardas withheld the fact that they already had coal blocks in order to get new ones.According to Mishra, JAS Infrastructure, which was allocated Mahuagarhi coal block in Jharkhand, as well as JLD Yavatmal, which was allocated coal block in Fatehpur east in Chhattisgarh, misrepresented facts. The third Darda company under the scanner, AMR Iron and Steel which got Bander coal block in Chandrapur, Maharashtra, had also made wrong claims, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257683", "title": "Auto-borne gang relieves woman of her gold chain", "text": "BHOPAL: The women gang that move in auto-rickshaw targeting women passengers in the state capital tricked an anganwadi worker on Monday and relieved her of her gold chain.The incident took place between Ashoka Garden and MP Nagar when Pushpa Mishra along with another woman took a shared auto-rickshaw only to find that she had been relieved of her gold. Police said that the victim and her friend another woman boarded the auto from near Sakshi Hotel.The auto-rickshaw already had three women passengers sitting inside.After the auto-rickshaw started, one of the co-passengers acted as if she was unwell and leaned towards Mishra complaining of nausea. As the unidentified woman pretended to vomit, the auto-rickshaw driver stopped and asked Mishra and her friend to get down so that he can take the ailing woman to hospital. Caught unawares, the two got down and began looking for another conveyance. It was then that Mishra realised that her gold chain was missing. Subsequently, she approached the police and lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257102", "title": "\u2018Nirbhay\u2019 missile set for test-firing next month", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's official. The 'fearless' missile is ready to be test-fired. If the United States has the Tomahawk, India will have its 'Nirbhay', the 1,000-km range subsonic cruise missile, which will be test-fired for the first time next month.The project has somewhat remained a secretive mission with the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), which has hardly made information pertaining to the development of the missile public. The strength and the capabilities of the missile, which has been developed by the Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL), Hyderabad, will be on display when it will be test-fired from the Wheeler Island in October. Last month, a review of the project was done in Bangalore by DRDO officials who were 'satisfied' with the development of the missile.DRDO director general V K Saraswat told TOI that the missile with a turbo jet is now ready to be test-fired. \"It is a highly advanced missile with strong capabilities. We have made an assessment of it and we are almost prepared for a test launch,\" Saraswat said. According to DRDO sources, the stealth missile can cruise even at a 30-meter height from the surface. More importantly, it will also have a loitering capability. After it has been fired, it is possible to change the direction of the missile to hit the target that has been identified.Buoyed by the success of Agni-V, the inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) capable of carrying nuclear warheads, on April 19 this year, defence scientists are now moving fast on delivering 'Nirbhay.' The Indian scientists have been working with the missile project for more than seven years now. Though it was announced earlier that the test-firing of the missile would take place this year, but it was only in August that the country's top defence scientists, who took stock of the project, decided that 'Nirbhay' was ready for a test launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257771", "title": "Sharad Pawar\u2019s nephew gets bail", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Cantonment court on Tuesday granted bail to Jayant Pawar, nephew of Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , for allegedly violating the terms and conditions imposed by the police and the excise department while granting permission to organise a party at the River View hotel in Mundhwa on August 25.On receiving a complaint, the police had raided the party to find that half of the 700 to 800 people in attendance were students of std X and XI. In a written communication, the hotel authorities had said that the party would be attended by 200 youngsters and no tickets would be sold for the same.The court also granted bail to the hotel owner, Kishore Pingle. Pingle had leased out the hotel to Pawar for 30 years in 2007. Pawar and Pingle were released on a cash security of Rs 10,000 each. They were directed to execute a personal bond of Rs 15,000 each and arrange for a surety till the next date.The duo appeared before judicial magistrate first class V V Muglikar and filed bail pleas in response to the summons issued by the police asking them to remain present before the court at 11 am. The court expressed displeasure that minors had attended the party and sought reasons from the lawyers as to who was responsible for the activities going on at the hotel.Pingle's lawyer Sunil Gumley told the court that his client had leased out the hotel to Pawar and used to inspect the place once in a while. He said the hotel authorities had kept Pingle in the dark about its activities and that the incident had come as a shock to his client. Though the police have technically taken action against Pingle, he is not involved in the sale of tickets and other related activities, Gumley added.Pawar's lawyer Gaurav Jachak argued that the organisers had obtained necessary permission from the police and the excise department, but a large number of youngsters had thronged the party. The court said it was the collective responsibility of the owner and lessee to check what was happening at the hotel.Meanwhile, Pawar and Pingle rushed out of the court hall after they were granted bail and avoided making any statement before the press.Later, Gumley told TOI that Pingle had no role to play in the incident. He said his client is planning to cancel the agreement with Pawar for breaching the conditions. Jachak also claimed that Pawar had no role to play in the incident, but refused to make a statement on the police action.The caseThe Mundhwa police on Monday filed two cases against Jayant Pawar and Kishore Pingle for violating the terms and conditions imposed by the police and the excise department while granting permission to organise a party at the River View hotel in Mundhwa on August 25.The cases were filed under sections 33 (x) (regulating or prohibiting the sale of any ticket or pass for admission, by whatever name called to a place of public amusement) read with 131 (penalty for contravening rules under section 33) of the Bombay Police Act, 1951. The sections prescribe punishment for a term which may extend to three months or fine of Rs 12,500 or both.The hotel manager, Ahmed Shaikh, and other organisers had arranged a party at the hotel on August 25 after seeking necessary permissions from the police and excise department. Shaikh had given an undertaking on a letterhead to the authorities stating that the party will be attended by 200 youngsters and no tickets would be sold.However, the police have alleged that the authorities violated the terms and conditions as 700 to 800 youngsters had attended the party and had purchased tickets priced at Rs 400 each. A police party which conducted a surprise inspection at the hotel also found that some minors were in an inebriated condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262430", "title": "Rohit Barker keeps everyone on toes in Bangalore", "text": "It may have been a weekday, but that didn't spot party-hearty Bangaloreans from stopping by at this hotspot to see Rohit Barker in action.The Bangalore boy took over the console at Geoffrey's at The Royal Orchid and kept everyone on their toes with the tracks he spun.We spotted Craig and Laxmi chilling out over a drink, while Richa and Mark stepped out for a bit to chat. We also caught a glimpse of Rohit's wife Pashmeena at this bash as she cheered her hubby on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "16256968", "title": "Gurgaon e-way to be toll-free till Sept 20", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: For the next 15 days, commuters can cruise on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway without paying toll. Pulling up the expressway operator for failing to put an end to the chaos at the toll plaza, the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Tuesday barred toll collection on the stretch till the next date of hearing.The order came into force on Tuesday midnight and will remain effective till September 20. The Gurgaon traffic police has been asked to deploy a team to ensure implementation of the order and manage vehicular flow.The stringent directions came after the court found that the concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd, had failed to implement previous orders. The court had earlier warned DGSCL that it would be restrained from collecting toll if it failed to de-congest the toll plaza.\"Under the circumstances, it is not possible for us to allow the public to suffer for the benefit of the concessionaire on account of apathy on a part of the state,\" observed the court.A division bench headed by Chief Justice (acting) Jasbir Singh has also directed the National Highways Authority of India to hold a meeting with the state government and other stakeholders, and find solution to the problem within 15 days.The court has deferred contempt proceeding against DGSCL till the next hearing, giving it a chance to implement ways suggested by the court to decongest the toll plaza.The court had ordered installation of five additional toll collection booths equipped with computers on both sides of the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza. \"Toll barrier was to be designed to save both fuel and time. But neither fuel nor time is being saved now, and long queues of vehicles are a common sight,\" the court observed.The direction to stop toll fee collection came after the Gurgaon traffic police informed the court that the concessionaire was responsible for the chaos at the expressway because it had not hired enough staff to deal with the traffic.A DGSCL spokesperson said, \"We will discuss ways to come up with a long term solution with NHAI and the administration over the next few days. It must be noted that since 2008, we have proposed to the NHAI various options to ease congestion at the toll plaza including toll plaza expansion. But till date these have not been approved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16261955", "title": "2 Assam Rifles personnel injured in Manipur blast", "text": "IMPHAL: Two Assam Rifles personnel were injured, one of them seriously, in a bomb blast at Keisampat in the heart of Imphal town this morning.The bomb, planted in a two-wheeler, exploded at 9am at a crowded bus terminal, barely one km away from the police headquarters, official sources said.The Assam Rifles personnel were patrolling the area.The injured have been shifted to a nearby hospital where the condition of one of them was stated to be serious, sources said.Top police officials rushed to the area.Preliminary reports said the blast could have been triggered by an IED and investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16250138", "title": "Teacher's Day: What gift would you like, Ma\u2019am?", "text": "Teachers' day gifts can mean anything from jewellery to a plasma TV. What happened to the good ol' cards n' flowers?The 90s student would ideally look for a meaningful Teachers' Day card to give to that favourite miss in school and the custom was to give the card accompanied by a single rose stem or a pen, perhaps. But if you're the modern-day student, chances are that you are less likely to score any brownie points. This Teachers' Day, students are going a little too far to impress their favourite members of the faculty.Students speakA customised pendant: My Accounts teacher deserves more than just flowers and silly pens and cards. My dad owns a jewellery store in Tilak Nagar and so, I plan on giving my teacher, Mrs Grover, a heart-shaped pendant with Swaroski crystals. I can't reveal the cost but it's over `3500. Aisa gift do jo hila ke rakh de. - P Chawla*, 11th standard student, St Francis De Sales SchoolA hard disk: My Computer Science teacher is the coolest ever because whenever we want to bunk classes, we go and sit in the computer lab. My best friend and I have decided to give him a hard disk worth `5000 with 1TB space on it. - Raj Yadav*, 12th standard studentGlitter pens: I am giving my teacher glitter pens, a customised diary, a handmade bookmark and a flower. I took `800 for my parents for this. - Manas Malhotra, a class third student, DPS East Of KailashTeachers speakI got a silver bracelet and a cellphone: A student in my class bought me a bracelet for Teachers' Day last year. I thought it's an inexpensive metal bracelet until I was told it's real silver. I tried and tried to give that bracelet back to the parents but they didn't budge. This year they asked me which mobile phone I would like to have. I flatly refused. The student is brilliant and this sort of flattery isn't required even if he wasn't. - Rhea Kapoor*, primary school teacherWas offered a plasma TV: On Teachers' Day in 2010, a parent didn't even wince once while offering to send a plasma TV home. He has an electronics store and deals in all sorts of fancy electronic products but that doesn't mean I accept anything that's thrown at me. The kid was weak in studies and I don't think any amount of buttering on the parents' part would've salvaged that kids' boat. - Manzeer Quereshi, retired teacherAn all-expenses-paid trip: I went to Singapore on an all-expenses-paid trip with a student and his parents in 2007, about five years ago. They were, and still are, very close to me and are more like friends. We stayed at some of the most beautiful hotels and gorged on seafood that year. We also went bungee jumping. - Fr Agnelo, former principal of a school in Janakpuri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16259138", "title": "Open air schooling for slum kids", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: As the clock strikes six in the evening, you can see a 42-year-old man teaching over 40 underprivileged children every day at this 'school' which neither has neither benches nor roof above.A routine that began a month-and-a-half ago, this open school for slum children is a brainchild of Nitin Prajapati, who set out to impart education to these children to fulfill his father's wish who retired as a teacher in 1998.Prajapati, a resident of Chikodhra village in Anand, travels four kilometers either way on his bicycle or scooter to reach the slums, located behind the magistrate's bungalow near Borsad Crossing in Anand town. Once here, the children soon gather around and Prajapati starts teaching English and general knowledge to them. He carries his own blackboard, charts and chalk to the school where four-year-old kids to 14-year-old teenagers take lessons under the cool shade of a tree.\"When my father - Atmaram Prajapati, who was a government teacher at V J School retired from service as a drawing teacher, he wanted me to continue the tradition imparting education,\" says Prajapati, who also provides voluntarily services at Joy Land Home and Emery Hospital of the Salvation Army in Anand and at the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) at Anand's Lambhvel Road.At the ITI run by the state's directorate of employment and training, 125 students are presently being trained by him in spoken English, communication skills and personality development where he provides services from 9 am to 10 am. But it is the hour-long class that he conducts at the slum that brings him no money but loads of satisfaction.\"Nearly 60 per cent of the slum children whom I teach also go to municipal schools. However, I have observed that those who do not get the opportunity to go to schools are more curious. We have no benches, so the teenagers stand around while I teach the younger lot,\" says Prajapati.And there are many in the class who do not even have a slate. \"Such kids learn writing alphabets or numbers on the soil,\" adds Prajapati, whose wife Mina is also an assistant teacher at a municipal school in Anand. Prajapati had at first found it hard to convince parents to send their child to this school, but the effort, he says, was worth it. \"Drinking water is supplied in the area at the same time but now this concept is slowing becoming attractive to them,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259100", "title": "No Nikumbh Sir to help real-life Ishaans", "text": "KOLKATA: Remember Ishaan in Aamir Khan-starrer 'Taare Zameen Par'? The film, which explored the life and mind of an eight-year-old dyslexic, may have remained embossed in our memory, but the situation hasn't changed much for the real-life Ishaans in the city. One in 10 students in an average classroom suffers from learning difficulties. But unfortunately, schools remain ignorant of the problem and insensitive to their special needs.\"Classrooms may have undergone a sea change. But mindset of teachers about students who do not perform well hasn't changed,\" said Manovikas Kendra director Sharda Fatehpura, whose PhD research paper titled 'Scholastic Backwardnesss in Calcutta Schools' had identified the severity of the problem in 1966.Manovikas Kendra, an institution for inclusive education, training and research that Fatehpura had set up in 1974, is now starting Manochetna Academic &amp; Research Centre (MARC), a wing on addressing learning problems of students. \"Learning requires the ability to attend, learn, comprehend, remember, recall and respond. Students with learning disability are unable to cope with academics but are otherwise bright. Teachers of Class I to IV are best placed to identify students who have dyslexia, dysgraphia and dyscalculia. But they rarely spot the problem and alert the parent. In instances when teachers do inform parents, the latter is reluctant to accept that their child has a learning disability,\" said Manovikas Kendra chief executive AK Sanyal.It isn't as though there aren't any trained teachers to offer a helping hand. Manovikas Kendra has trained over 2,000 teachers in special techniques since 2000. But the situation has hardly changed. MARC aims to give the initiative a big push by involving principals and teachers of major schools.\"The endeavour is to offer special techniques to teachers so that they can provide services to children with learning difficulties within the framework of a regular school and prevent drop-out and counseling of parents and students,\" said MARC head Arundhati Sarkar.If sensitizing schools in Kolkata is a challenge, creating awareness in district schools is a Herculean task. \"When teachers of Sarva Siksha Abhiyan undergo the foundation course, they are motivated. But they don't tend to apply the learnings or sensitize other teachers. Unless everyone joins hands, the problem will persist,\" said Ruma Chatterjee, principal of the teachers college at Manovikas Kendra.LEARNING DISABILITYCharacteristics:Poor motor co-ordination or clumsyWeak oral languageReading difficultiesMathematical difficultiesInappropriate social behaviourAverage to above average intelligenceDiscrepancy between potential and achievementCausesInheritanceHealth problem during pregnancy of motherBreached birthInjury in early years of life/infancyMajor illness in infancyManagementGet detailed psycho-educational assessment to detect deficit area earlyGive intervention in deficit areasGive input in organizational skills to cope with deficit areasGive positive experience to develop self-esteem of the childEnsure average or above average intellectual functioning through psychological assessment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16259517", "title": "A special school for the specially abled", "text": "Belgaum: When Gautam Bavdekar, a computer engineer residing in Mumbai, decided to put his ancestral home in Belgaum to some good use, he approached Snehalaya, an NGO from Ahmednagar. However, Snehalaya, at that juncture was not able to arrive at what exactly it should do with the house that spanned across three guntas in Bazar Galli Khasbag in Belgaum. So Bavdekar's plans of donating the house hung in balance. A year after that, sometime in the second half of 2011, realizing the need for a school for mentally challenged children in the region, Snehalaya thought of opening a special school, utilizing Bavdekars' house in Belgaum for the purpose. But when it tried to approach the Bavdekars in Mumbai, the NGO learnt that Gautam Bavdekar was no more. The man in his late fifties passed away on July 31, 2011, even before his dreams of serving the society by putting his house to good use came through. However, the NGO did not have to return empty handed. Gautam's wife Neeta willingly abnegated the property in Belgaum and handed it over to the NGO, so that her husband's last wish was fulfilled. Thanks to her generous gesture, today, Bavdekars' spacious home in Belgaum has been converted into a special school named 'Sparsh,' providing training to several mentally disabled children, equipping them to lead a normal life like others and also face the challenges in the abliest societal system. Sparsh School is a joint initiative by some parents of mentally challenged children and Snehalaya, the NGO. Though there were special schools for the blind, deaf and dumb in Belgaum city, there wasn't a full-fledged school for the mentally challenged. Established on July 31, 2012, on the death anniversary day of Gautam Bavdekar, Sparsh School is very well-equipped to fill the gap. According to some estimates, there are nearly 800 mentally challenged children in Belgaum city. \"Raising a child who is mentally challenged calls for emotional strength and flexibility on the part of parents. Mentally challenged children have special needs in addition to the regular needs of other children. Unfortunately, these children are still neglected in the society. Parents of normal children often do not allow their wards to play with mentally retarded children. We, at the school, aim at preparing the mentally retarded children to be self dependent for their day today needs and face the world outside,\" said Naresh Patil, a city-based builder and parent of a mentally challenged child. He, along with several others parents runs the school and the day care centre at Sparsh. At Sparsh, children are trained in identifying colours and shapes, inculcating time sense, dressing sense, personal hygiene, eating habits, and so on. Class room training, yoga, speech therapy, physiotherapy, vocational training, excursions, picnics and several other extracurricular activities are part of the training.One rupee a day In the days to come, Sparsh plans to get more therapy specialists at the school. Also there are plans to open a special garden in the premises. They have started a fund raising scheme called 'A rupee a day', where donations are collected to the tune of Rs 365, amounting to Re 1 a day. Donations are utilized for the upkeep of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16256908", "title": "Organic food is not healthier, finds study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hooked to organic food for its supposed health benefits? Here's some food for thought. In the largest analysis of studies till date on organic food, researchers from Stanford University have said there is \"little evidence of healthier benefits from organic food over those grown conventionally\".The researchers found no difference in protein or fat content between organic and conventional milk. No consistent differences were also seen in the vitamin content of organic products. Only one nutrient \u2014 phosphorus \u2014 was significantly higher in organic food as compared to conventionally grown produce.The only benefit found was that consumption of organic food can reduce the risk of pesticide exposure.\"Organic produce was 30% less likely to be contaminated with pesticides than conventional fruits and vegetables,\" said the study published on Tuesday in the medical journal Annals of Internal Medicine.The study, however, added that organic foods are not necessarily 100% free of pesticides.Also, organic chicken and pork appeared to reduce exposure to antibiotic-resistant bacteria. \"There isn't much difference between organic and conventional foods if you're an adult and making a decision based solely on your health,\" said Dena Bravata, senior author of the study.Dr Ritika Samaddar, chief dietician at Max Hospital agreed with the finding but said cost is a big factor behind organic food still not being that popular.\"We knew that nutritionally organic food isn't any different to conventionally grown food. However, insecticides and pesticides in food can cause illnesses like cancer. We always suggest people should have conventionally grown food by washing them well. People should consume more seasonal food as against stored food,\" Dr Samaddar said.For the analysis, researchers identified 237 of the most relevant papers published till date including 17 studies of populations consuming organic and conventional diets and 223 studies that compared either the nutrient levels or the bacterial, fungal or pesticide contamination of various products (fruits, vegetables, grains, meats, milk, poultry and eggs) grown organically and conventionally. The duration of the studies involving human subjects ranged from two days to two years.Bravata, a senior affiliate with Stanford's Center for Health Policy, and Crystal Smith-Spangler, an instructor in the school's division of general medical disciplines, did the comprehensive meta-analysis. \"Some believe that organic food is always healthier and more nutritious,\" said Smith-Spangler. \"We were a little surprised that we didn't find that.\"The researchers said their aim was to educate people, not to discourage them from making organic purchases.According to a recent report, the organic food market in India is growing at 20-22% annually and with exports is valued at Rs 1,000 crore. India produced around 3.88 million tonnes of certified organic products, including basmati, pulses, tea, coffee, spices and oilseeds. According to government data, area under organic farming had risen to 1.08 million hectares. Among organic crops, cotton is the single largest accounting for nearly 40% of total area followed by rice, pulses, oilseeds and spices.Organic foods are often twice as expensive as their conventionally grown counterparts. \"If you look beyond health effects, there are plenty of other reasons to buy organic instead of conventional,\" noted Bravata.She listed taste preferences and concerns about the effects of conventional farming practices on the environment and animal welfare as some of the reasons people choose organic products. She also said people should aim for healthier diets overall.The researcher emphasized the importance of eating of fruits and vegetables, \"however they are grown\", noting that most Americans don't consume the recommended amount.India faces a similar problem. Around 51% men and 48% women have high fat diets. Almost three in five men and an equal number of women have low intake of fruit and vegetables. Adequate consumption of fruits and vegetables (five or more servings per one typical day) is reported to be higher in urban areas than rural population (27% vs 21%). Insufficient intake of fruits was higher in low-income groups as compared to more affluent sections.Times ViewThis study obviously must be taken very seriously given both its scale and the credibility of the institution that has undertaken it. However, it would be dangerous to rush to extrapolate from this to the Indian situation. Patterns of both fertiliser and pesticide consumption in India are entirely different from those in the US or other parts of the developed world. Given the relatively low use of chemicals, it might seem that the one benefit the study has found in the case of organic foods may not apply to India. On the other hand, given the poor regulatory environment here, the risks could actually be higher. Rather than speculating about which of these two possibilities actually is true, it would be best if a similar study were done for food in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "16258754", "title": "Maldharis demand more fodder", "text": "NADIAD: Reeling under water and fodder scarcity, Maldhari community in the state have urged the government to increase the grass allocation to 10 kg from four kg and immediately start cattle camp within three km of range of those places where their communities reside.The third 'pastoral parliament', the annual congregation of Maldharis was held in Anjar, Kutch, on Monday under the banner of 'Maldhari Jan Andolan'.They also demanded that fodder should be given to even those who did not have ration cards and sheep, goats, donkeys, camel and horse should be included in famine code.Secretary of Vishwa Maldhari Sangathan Lalaji Desai, \"The main objective of this parliament is to discuss the issues of Maldharis of different region and to bring common consensus among them. The third meeting focused on prevailing drought-like situation.\"The Maldharis came from different regions of Banni, Bhuj and Saurashtra. This is a very unique process because entire process is community contributed and owned.The community also expressed concern over declining grazing land and pastoralists forced to sell their breed to cope up with increasing expenses and drought conditionsAt the end of the parliament, a rally of around 1,500 Maldharis was organized and a memorandum was submitted to the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257550", "title": "Pune students hesitant to go to UK after LMU's license revocation", "text": "PUNE: Fresh doubts have surfaced in the minds of those aspiring to go to the United Kingdom (UK) for higher studies, after the recent revocation of London Metropolitan University's (LMU) license to admit and teach Indian and other non-EU students, a move that has affected many Indian students enrolled at the university currently.A section of students wanting to go to UK for higher education seem anxious, thinking that a similar situation may arise at the other universities of their choice there. While overseas education consultants in the city are trying to allay these doubts, some students have cancelled their plans for studying in UK altogether, the sudden revocation of LMU license being the ultimate cause, among other causes.The in-charge at an overseas education consultancy firm on Fergusson College road said, \"Apprehension prevails among almost all students who have come to us for counseling. Those who have read about the recent revocation have decided not to look at UK as a destination to study, at least for the time being. Changes in the Post-Study Work (PSW) visa policy there coupled with the recent development - both have played a role. The sudden revocation of the license of a recognized university, which has courses in almost every area of study, has led students to fear a similar situation with other institutions they choose to study in, in UK.\"Prachi Gujar, who has completed her BE, Mechanical Engineering, has cancelled her plans to adopt UK for higher studies. \"I was really keen to go to UK for higher studies. First it was the new PSW visa policy making it difficult for me to get a job in the UK, incidents of violence and now the license revocation of a recognized institution have led me to change my decision. I have now decided to head to Germany,\" she said.Another 23-year-old graduate in civil engineering, who was planning to do his masters in Construction Management, from a university in UK has dropped the idea. \"Students want to take the safer mode, especially after spending so much of money on going and studying abroad. The license revocation issue has made me doubtful, because if it has happened to one university, it may happen to others. In addition the visa procedure for going to UK is also complex,\" he said.Another reputed overseas education consultant said, \"The development has affected some students, as it was a highly-trusted institution. A few students coming to us did express doubts as to how safe they are in terms of the choice of institution and what alternatives would they resort to if they were to face a similar situation there.\" Another representative of the same company said, \"Some people have expressed concern, wondering whether they are going to the right institution in UK. Students and parents are now coupling their choices with more research on the institute they are opting for in UK,\" she said.Rahul Gupta, the business development manager at a consultant firm, said, \"The Anuj Bidve case last year and rescinding the PSW visa have caused anxiety among students here about choosing UK as a destination for higher studies. The license revocation issue has added to this anxiety.\"Naveen Chopra, chairman of a global education corporate, said, \"There have been some doubts in the minds of students who feel that they would be at a loss if a similar incident happens in some other university in UK. We are, however, telling them that this was a one-off case and would not happen in other institutions there. About 10-15% students have raised questions over the issue, but we are allaying their fears, explaining to them why the university's license to admit and teach Indian and other non-EU students was revoked.\"Another student, a B Com graduate, said on condition of anonymity, \"More than me, my parents were worried. They wanted a reassurance about the university being a recognized one. Our education counselor has, however, allayed our doubts and I will be going to the UK for higher education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16256769", "title": "Fake Naxals arrested in Guntur", "text": "GUNTUR: In a major crack down, police nabbed at least 11 fake Naxalites on Tuesday. Police recovered one double-barrel gun, 16 rounds of live bullets and a toy gun from the possession of the pseudo Naxalites, who were aggressively involved in extortion and civil settlements in the Palnadu region.Giving details, Guntur rural SP J Satyanarayana said that the gang of extortionists had been threatening the locals and collecting huge sums in the name of 'Janasakti' for the last few months. He said the offenders had also been resorting to settling civil disputes by issuing life threats to those who refused to take their diktat.The SP said the fake Naxalites had visited Dachepalli, Gurazala, Piduguralla and neighbouring villages in Nalgonda district to extort money.S Balu Naik, S Nagamani, S Bujji Naik, S Bhaskar Naik, Banavath Mantru Naik, Bhukya Anji Naik, Bhukya Narsimha Naik, Chinna Naik, Prasad Naik, Ranga Naik and Kuncha Venkat were among those arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259319", "title": "Panjab University: Friday phenomenon keeps voters away", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid several changes year after year, including new student leaders to changing party agenda, one thing that has been constant each time in student polls across Panjab University and colleges is \"the Friday phenomena\".An extra cautious UT administration has been perennially timing the polls on a Friday for decades now. While the phenomena helps in preventing post-poll violence anticipated each year due to rivalries between student unions, this, however, also results in serious draining out of voters from campus, allege student leaders.PU and college students, most of whom are either disinterested in politics or those staying in hostels, tend to return home to enjoy an extended weekend. \"We have been appealing to PU authorities to ensure that voter turnout is good. Since the elections are held on Friday, students tend to go back home and there is no way to ensure that the democratic exercise has been fully successful,\" says Suraj Bhardwaj, state organizing secretary, ABVP.Yet another student leader, Dinesh Chauhan from PU campus, adds, \"There are several loopholes in voting system. We have also raised an issue that timing of the poll must be extended. Students are first made to sit in the departments from 9am to 10am and then the polling starts from 10am till 12noon.\"Student leaders state that during this one-hour time, when students across all departments are made to sit in classes, they could easily be influenced by their fellow classmates or those affiliated to certain student unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16259636", "title": "Body of schoolgirl who jumped off bridge found", "text": "Mangalore: The body of the schoolgirl who had allegedly committed suicide by jumping into Nethravathi about a week ago was found on the Manjeshwar beach, Kerala, on Monday night. The deceased has been identified as Sonali Patel, 15, daughter of Gujarat-based supari trader Ashwin V Patel of Chikkamudnur village, Puttur.Sonali, a Class X student of Sudana School, Puttur, jumped from the Panemangalore Bridge near Bantwal on August 27. Based on the information provided by an eyewitness, emergency and rescue services were pressed into service, but her body could not be found. The body was found by local villagers of Kundukolike. Sonali's parents identified her body.Police said Sonali had left for school along with her siblings Pragati, Sujal and cousin Diya but did not return home with them saying that she had to go to a local store. Police suspect that she came to Panemangalore and jumped off the bridge. She was reportedly weak in studies and this could be the reason why she took the extreme step, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16259260", "title": "Air Force Corporal drowns in Punnamada Lake", "text": "Alappuzha: A 26-year-old Indian Air Force Corporal drowned in the Punnamada Lake after he fell off a houseboat at 11 pm on Monday. Police said the deceased has been identified as Jarison James of Vadakkenezhikkakam in Nallila, Kollam. The police recovered the body with the help of fire and rescue team and local people around 10 am on Tuesday. James had come to Alappuzha with his friends for a houseboat cruise.\"James and his six friends were staying in a houseboat anchored at Punnamada Starting Point on Monday night. All of them were drunk when the incident happened. The boat crew alerted the police, who began search and rescue operations. Rain and poor light hampered their efforts. The team resumed the search on Tuesday and recovered the body by 10am from Punnamada Starting Point,'' police said.The body was handed over to relatives after completing legal and medical procedures. Police have registered an unnatural death case and a team is probing the incident. \"James was working as a corporal at the Indian Air Force Station in Cotton Green, Mumbai. He is survived by father James Lucas, mother Reetha and sister Reeja,\" said police.Meanwhile in another incident, a 28-year-old houseboat employee was killed when two houseboats, anchored near the Punnamada Finishing Point were gutted in a late night fire on August 31.Alappuzha: A 26-year-old Air Force corporal died after he fell off a houseboat near Punnamada Starting Point on Monday night.Police said the deceased has been identified as Jarison James of Vadakkenezhikkakam in Nallila, Kollam.The incident took place at 11 pm in Punnamada Lake. The police traced the body with the help of fire and rescue team and local people around 10 am on Tuesday. James came to Alappuzha with his friends to enjoy a cruise on the houseboat.\"James and his six friends were staying in a houseboat anchored at the Starting Point on Monday night. All of them were drunk when the incident happened. The boat crew alerted the police, who started their hunt for James. Rain and poor light hampered the search. We resumed the search on Tuesday and recovered the body by 10am from Starting Point,'' the police said.The body was handed over to relatives after completing legal and medical examinations. The police have registered an unnatural death case and began its probe into the incident.\"James was working as a corporal of Air Force Station in Cotton Green in Mumbai. He was on a one month vacation and came to visit Alappuzha with his friends. He is survived by father James Lucas, Reetha and sister Reeja James,\" the police said.Meanwhile in another incident, a 28-year-old houseboat employee was killed when two houseboats, anchored near the Punnamada Finishing Point were gutted in a late night fire on August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16259890", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive near Baradevi", "text": "KANPUR: The enforcement wing of Kanpur Municipal Corporation carried out an anti-encroachment drive near Baradevi on Tuesday. As many as 90 encroachments were removed from N-block. The drive ended at site-No1. Police force accompanied the KMC team. In N-block market, the team removed 34 structures, including permanent and temporary ones. At site-No1, tin-sheds, shanty shops and roadside hutments were removed. Encroachments from Marble Market in Kidwai Nagar and adjoining areas were also removed.Several illegally extended boundary walls were also removed. The officials claimed to give prior information to the locals before commencing the drive. The locals alleged that the drive began without any information. It led chaos. \"The KMC officials always do the same. In every area, they never give any notice and start commencing the drive. We have been living here since years, why we will not protest to save our homes,\" said Madhu, a local.The KMC squad also left the debris of the demolished portions of the encroachments along the roads which gave a tough time to those whose houses and shops were demolished. They had to rummage through the rubble to retrieve their belongings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16261620", "title": "Pakistan hockey coach blames senior players for Olympic debacle", "text": "LAHORE: The chief coach and manager of the Pakistan hockey team that finished seventh in the London Olympics has blamed senior players and the contingent's chef-de-mission for the side's failure to grab a medal at the showpiece event.Akhtar Rasool, a former Pakistan captain and an Olympian, in his report to the Pakistan Hockey Federation has blamed Aqil Shah, who was chef-de-mission, for spoiling the atmosphere in the hockey camp.According to details, Rasool has said Shah's negative attitude and comments played a big role in affecting the morale of the team.\"He kept on scaring the players about dope tests and even told some senior players they should retire and seek asylum in the United Kingdom ,\" Rasool said in his report.The former PHF President was also critical of the performance and commitment of some senior players. In his report, Rasool said some senior players failed to be an inspiring force for the younger players in the side.Interestingly, when Pakistan finished last in the 2010 World Cup in India, a similar report was filed about the senior players by the team management but the PHF still decided to recall them for the Olympics.When Aqil Shah was contacted for his comments, he said Rasool had failed miserably to complete the job assigned to him.\"I don't want to go into details but the people who let the country down in the Olympics will be held accountable by the government,\" the senior politician from the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province said.Although some leading former Olympians and internationals have started a campaign against the PHF over the London debacle but the Federation officials have refused to step down insisting they sent the best possible squad for the major event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258496", "title": "11 trade unions give strike call on February 21, 22", "text": "NEW DELHI: A convention of all the 11 centrally recognized trade unions \u2014 held at the Talkatora Stadium here on Tuesday\u2014decided to call a two-day countrywide general strike on February 21 and 22, 2013, to protest against the economic policies of the UPA government. The dates have been fixed to make an impact in the national Capital just before the general budget is tabled in Parliament.This is the first time that a two-day strike is being called from a platform where all the trade unions have come together, said CPI leader and AITUC chief Gurudas Dasgupta after the convention. The trade union solidarity, which was formed in 2011, was encouraged by the success of their first joint venture earlier this year. On February 28, their one-day general strike had paralyzed normal life across the country.The action plan for the next year's protest movement was decided at a gathering of over 1,000 workers representing all the trade unions on Tuesday. It was decided that before next year's strike a three-day agitation \u2014 on December 18, 19 and 20 \u2014 will be held here \u2014 to build up the campaign. On December 20, workers will march to Parliament.INTUC chief Sanjeev Reddy, BMS chief B N Rai, CITU chief Tapan Sen and Dasgupta were among those present at Tuesday's convention.The main issues that the workers plan to protest against are price rise, economic policies of the government like FDI in retail etc, social welfare for labourers and a minimum monthly wage of Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259240", "title": "Panjab University student council elections: Haryana holds sway", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Given the stiff competition witnessed this year to enter into an alliance with parties dominated by Haryana students, Haryanvis are expected to act as the 'game changers' in Panjab University student council elections.While a core Haryana students' organization active in PU is expected to get anywhere between 700 and 1,000 votes, another body dominated by pupils from the state hopes to grab 350 votes. On Tuesday, the two arch rivals -- Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) and Panjab University Students' Union ( PUSU) - tried hard to woo Hindustan Students' Association (HSA) to enter into an alliance with them. After a day-long tussle, SOPU finally joined hands with the party. Anil Ghangas, leader of Indian National Students' Organization (INSO), said, \"Many of them are making efforts to enter into an alliance with us. But this time, we do not want to merge with any party, rather we want to show our own strength. We hope to get over 1,000 votes on our own.\" While INSO claims to be a \"secular\" party with candidates from across the region, its core supporters, however, come from Haryana.Old timers active in student politics said Haryanvis were ruling the roost and could turn the face of PU polls. \"Earlier, INSO used to be the deciding factor in polls. This time, HSA will turn the game of votes around,\" said Kuldeep Sheron, who hails from Bhiwani and is contesting for the post of secretary of Panjab University Campus Students' Council from the SOPU alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258126", "title": "What Mumbaikars wish to be speeded up", "text": "MUMBAI: A cursory opinion poll among Mumbaikars reveals how anxious they are for long-pending systemic initiatives to be speeded up so that quality of life in the city may improve somewhat.Given that citizens often commute 60-80 kms to work every day, road and rail infrastructure acquires prominence in the discussion. In this, several initiatives have been in the pipeline for years. Some are now at an advanced stage of execution while others remain on the drawing board.\"Each successive civic administration promises to repair potholes by a various mix of ingenious techniques, all to no avail. The ongoing monsoon season coupled with the imminent festival of Ganeshotsav draws attention to the abysmal lack of road maintenance, particularly pothole repair and drainage facilities,\" says Avinash Doiphode who runs a social organisation in Borivli.The three phases of the Metro rail, the Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link from Sewri to Nhava, the Eastern Freeway and coastal road projects are yet to take off to citizens' satisfaction. The elevated rail corridor was announced by former railway minister Laloo Prasad in 2007 and has just begun to get off the ground while 12-car coaches on the Harbour Line may become a reality in 2014.Shrinking green spaces are a matter of concern especially given that the new development plan (DP) for the city is currently being prepared. \"The physical and mental well-being of the common Mumbaikar is directly linked to the preservation of the city's parks and open spaces. Unbridled construction has compromised recreational spaces for children while taking a toll on public health,\" says clinical psychologist Narendra Kinger.Apart from rampant corruption that is a systemic flaw, another matter that draws the ire of ordinary citizens is the delayed quest for justice. Almost one year after the high profile incident of October 2011, the public outcry over the twin murders of Keenan and Reuben in Amboli has failed to get the case off the ground. The legal matter was sent to a fast-track court in March 2012, but six months later, charges are yet to be filed owing to the absence of one or the other party to the suit.(If you wish to discuss what needs to be speeded up in Mumbai, tweet on #speedupmumbai)for front pagePoll: Which of these do you want speeded up in Mumbai?1) infrastructure2) protection of open spaces3) justiceSMS your answers to 58888. To talk more about it, tweet on #speedupmumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16257879", "title": "Land acquisition only after inviting objections: DM", "text": "NOIDA: Given the unrest over land acquisition in the last two years, the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration has assured farmers that land would henceforth not be acquired without inviting objections from them. The district magistrate, in a meeting with farmers from several villages on Tuesday, also said that a sub-committee has been formed by the administration to address issues concerning 'lease-back' of abadi land of farmers.\"All issues regarding land acquisition would be dealt with through amicable discussions between farmers and the district administration,\" said district magistrate, MKS Sundaram. \"No confrontational situation would be allowed to develop between farmers and the administration over this issue,\" he added.The assurances were given during a meeting held in the Surajpur collectorate between farmers from villages in Gautam Budh Nagar and senior officials of the district, including SSP Praveen Kumar and ACEO of Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority, Harish Verma.\"In accordance with directions of the state government, all problems related to farmers would be dealt with on a priority basis. Issues, which cannot be dealt with at the district level, would be referred to Lucknow to be resolved,\" said Sundaram.Farmers, through a memorandum, demanded the administration to conduct a fresh survey of properties on land that have been acquired and pay compensation after evaluating the costs of such land. The district administration assured that the survey would be conducted within the next 15 days. \"A team of officials of the district administration would conduct this survey. Issues related to lease-back would be settled once the sub-committee formed for the purpose submits its report,\" added Sundaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16258586", "title": "Fire in Margao shop destroys goods worth Rs 4 lakh", "text": "MARGAO: A fire broke out in a shop selling electrical goods, Kurtarkar Electricals, located opposite Bank of India , Margao, Tuesday afternoon, causing a loss of nearly 4 lakh. Sources said that no casualties have been reported.Firefighters fought with the raging flames for over 30 minutes before bringing the fire under control.\"The entire shop was gutted. A short circuit may have caused the fire,\" assistant divisional fire officer Nitin Raikar, who supervised the fire fighting operations, said.The incident occurred when the owner of the shop, Shekhar Kurtarkar, had shut the shop and gone out for lunch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258831", "title": "Rains soil Gujarat University answer sheets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 15,000 answer sheets of first, second and third year commerce, arts and science undergraduate students were soaked as rain water entered into the Gujarat University basement on Monday night. Over two lakh answer sheets were stored in the basement. Officials said that these answer sheets were checked and hence no major trouble is expected over the unexpected damage. However, question marks were raised over the prospects of rechecking and reassessment as the GU has just begun this process. Moreover, the GU has also introduced giving out copies of answer sheets, if the students apply under the Right to Information Act from this year. Problems may also be faced in this due to damage to answer papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16259070", "title": "A lesson in radio jockeying", "text": "DUGRI: The aspiring radio jockeys and vocal artists from various city schools participated in a radio jockeying (RJ) competition organized for Ludhiana Sahodya Schools at BCM School on Tuesday.Principal of Guru Nanak Girls College (GNGC), Model Town, Dr Charanjeet Kaur Mahal was the chief guest at the competition judged by RJ Kamlesh Gupta and assistant professor at GNGC Dr Jaspreet Kaur. Students from about 20 city schools participated in the competition. The competition made youngsters aware of speaking skills, script writing, time management and implementation of electronic media. The GNGC principal, who had herself started 90.4Mhz FM channel from her college, said the educational institutions should not limit their activities to imparting theoretical knowledge, but should expose students to wide range of useful subjects beyond the books, such as electronic media.The first prize was bagged by BCM School, Basant Avenue, while GGN Public School, Rose Garden, won the second position and third position was shared by Green Land School, Dugri and Bal Bharti School. A consolation prize was awarded to the team from Sacred Heart, BRS Nagar. Singer Arshpreet Kaur entertained the participants with her melodious voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258122", "title": "Coalgate: BJP claims credit for CBI raids", "text": "NEW DELHI: With CBI conducting raids on some companies which were allotted coal blocks, opposition BJP on Tuesday claimed that the raids were due to the party's campaign and that it vindicated BJP's stand that there was wrongdoing by UPA government in the matter.Reiterating its demand for cancellation of 142 coal block allotments, BJP said the CBI raids were a welcome development but the real culprits in the case should also be probed by the agency.Party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar told reporters, \"These raids being conducted by the CBI... this action is based on complaint by us (party MPs Hansraj Ahir and himself) to the CVC... These raids by CBI are not happening due to the government's action.\"He added, \"This is just the beginning... it proves that there have been wrongdoings in coal block allocations. There is a scam and eventually this probe will lead to the prime minister's doorstep. So, he should resign.\" The BJP reiterated its demand for the PM's resignation, saying, \"The CBI is under the PM and it cannot go beyond a point in the probe if the PM remains in his chair.\"Javadekar and his Lok Sabha colleague Ahir had filed a complaint with the central vigilance commissioner who had forwarded it to the CBI and asked it to conduct a preliminary enquiry.BJP insisted that those who benefited from the allocations and the money trail should be probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258487", "title": "Sut Girni: Security changed but thefts continue", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite expose of theft of machinery worth over Rs1 crore from the defunct Nagpur Vinkar Sahakari Sut Girni (cooperative spinning mill) on Umred Road, the textiles directorate seems to be sleeping as no steps have been taken to stop the menace.Although RD Kausdikar, regional deputy director of textiles and controlling officer of the defunct mill, has said that security agency has been replaced and more young guards have been posted now, still thefts are continuing.TOI on August 14, had exposed how machinery parts were being moved out of the spinning mill by dismantling them by gang of thieves from Tajbagh and Hasanbagh areas nearby.It seems textiles minister Mohammed Arif Naseem Khan's promise to take the issue seriously has turned out to be hollow.After TOI reported the theft, a team from textiles department including an engineer had visited the mill and prepared estimate worth Rs1.50 lakh to close the breaches in the compound wall. According to Kausdikar, the estimates were forwarded to RN Shingare, director, handloom and textiles. But, as Shingare was holding additional charge, he didn't take the issue seriously and the estimates have been not cleared.A few days ago N Navin Sona, former municipal commissioner of Amravati, took over as the new director. Speaking to TOI on Tuesday, Sona said that he would seek a report from his subordinates. \"Once I get the details, I will surely take action. If need felt I will also visit the defunct mill.\"A visit to the mill on Monday found that except for young guards replacing the 75-year-old ones, situation has not changed. Five days ago, three thieves were arrested and huge quantity of scrap was seized from them by Nandanwan police.Police officials said that the premises is spread on 20 acres and there are so many breaches in the wall that robbers can easily enter and escape from any of them. The security is only at the front gate while at the backyard the open breaches are left unmanned.According to sources, the junior officials are under pressure from the joint director of textiles to downplay the issue by concealing the theft of machinery by showing it to bare minimum.However, a visit to the mill can only tell how huge machines, electrical equipment like fans and other costly material were removed over the past few years. Five years ago, a Mumbai-based firm Basant Textile Traders had offered Rs1.71 crore for the machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16258119", "title": "BTC safe for riot victims to return home: IGP", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Police claimed that sufficient pickets have been set up at all the sensitive places in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) districts to ensure the safe return of displaced people currently residing in relief camps to their respective villages. They said they would provide necessary security for the villagers.Inspector general of police (IGP), BTC, S N Singh told mediapersons here on Monday that peace is gradually returning as there has been no fresh violence in the area.He said that a total of 86 security pickets have been set up in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts to provide security to the riot-affected villagers and ensure their safe return to their respective villages. He said the security pickets are not final and, if necessary, more pickets would be set up as villagers are till fearful of attacks and wary of returning home.The IGP said that the BTC administration will rehabilitate relief camp inmates after proper verification of land pattas, their name in the voters' list and of the villages they originally came from. Singh said that after the July 20 incident, Kokrajhar had only nine companies of the CRPF and Assam Police to control the situation but now the number has increased as 29 additional companies have arrived and pressed into service. He said they have set up police barracks in between two or three villages that will cover the villages.\"A peace mission will be convened at the village level once the inmates return to their villages, because high-level peace committees and meets are yet to reach the remote areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258329", "title": "Tainted student leaders sneak into Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: The revival of student union by the Samajwadi Party has given an opportunity to many of the expelled student leaders with criminal antecedents to sneak into various courses running in Lucknow University. Though majority of the teachers and employees are against the entry of rowdy students in the name of student's union election, sources claimed that at least eight students with criminal antecedents, who were expelled in the past, have already managed to take admissions in various courses, particularly in postgraduate (PG) and lesser known diploma courses, allegedly with the help of a few teachers and employees.In fact, the university has already ordered a probe to find out how a former student leader, Ram Singh Rana, who managed to renew his admission for PhD. Rana was expelled from the university on December 27, 2006. As per rules, PhD renewal can be done only with the recommendation of the guide and formal clearance of the head of the department.Another student leader Hari Om Rawat who was also expelled on December 27, 2006 has managed to get admission in a postgraduate course. Similarly, sources say, Jitendra Pandey alias Annu who was expelled on March 29, 2007 has also been admitted to a PG course. These are only few examples of several such cases, which have come to light so far. Interestingly, there are cases, where candidates have taken admission in PG, almost 4-5 years after graduation, creating doubt whether they want to study in the university to take part in union politics.Teachers believe that anomalies in counselling for admissions in PG courses have helped expelled students leaders and rowdy elements in getting admissions. It could have been prevented, had those involved in admission process kept the list of expelled students available at the proctor office before them at the time counselling to verify the credentials of the applicants.Senior university professors also point out that no involvement of heads and deans during the admission process has also led to the problem. Right from submission of forms, scrutiny, finalising the list of illegible and lawful aspirants, organising the merit list, authorising them for the verification of their certificate by the head/the dean as per their merit and bonafide, allowing them to submit fee, and allocating them a seat for the admission were in control of the admission committee appointed by the vice-chancellor.\"The heads and deans were not involved. In fact, the heads have no record of admissions; even so far they have not been provided the list of admissions in the department. The list of all admissions with the particulars of admitted students should immediately be put on the university website for public scrutiny, otherwise the matter may bring disrepute to the university,\" said Prof Rajesh Mishra, head, department of sociology.Now when LU Teachers Association mounted pressure, authorities have agreed to scrutinise the list of PG admissions. \"The university should immediately upload the list of students admitted in all courses, so that we can cross-check the names of students with the expelled and suspended list of students,\" said LUTA president Vinod Singh.Confirming that a scrutiny has been ordered, university registrar JB Singh said, \"It's evident that the growth of students in these courses is because of the student union polls. Saying that suddenly, there is an increase in the interest of students towards these courses will not be correct.\"However, despite university's assurance of scrutinising the admissions, many teachers are sceptical about a positive outcome. The reason: Many of these student leaders are affiliated to the ruling Samajwadi Party and enjoy political patronage. \"There is a pressure from the higher ups in the government to allow rowdy elements to contest elections. Usage of words such as \"handle with care\" is being frequently used by the Samajwadi Party functionaries, while talking to LU authorities,\" said a proctoral board member. He also said that university is also not getting required support from the police. He pointed out that in 2006-07, over 200 students including student leaders with criminal antecedents were expelled from the university. It was possible because of support of the then governor and the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258293", "title": "24 hour medical service for animals", "text": "NAGPUR: After TOI reported the death of a calf which was denied specialized medical attention at the Teaching Veterinary Clinical Complex (TVCC) near Alankar cinema due to absence of an orthopaedic, the hospital has now decided to start a 24 hours service for animals.Dr Abdul Samad, dean, Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University ( MAFSU) Veterinary College, Nagpur informed that taking into consideration the plight of animals who have to suffer due to the absence of proper medical care, he has decided to start round-the-clock medical services at TVCC.On August 22, Kaustav Chatterjee of Green Vigil had taken an injured calf to the hospital. The staff had reportedly asked to bring the calf back two days later as an orthopaedic would have been available only then. They had done so after knowing that the calf had fractured its limbs and was administered just a dose of pain killers.The calf died the next day. A similar incident had occurred a few months too, informed Chatterjee. On Thursday, an injured monkey, whose flesh had melted away, exposing its bones due to electrocution, lay unattended in the hospital. It too was given a dose of just painkillers.The hospital staff and forest department officials present there said no doctors were available as they had gone to veterinary college for some work. But later, when the hospital superintendent was contacted, he insisted that he was present.\"This is happening much too often. We took up the matter with the dean of the veterinary college which runs the hospital and he has promised that round-the-clock services will start within a week. He has also assured us that there would be no negligence on the part of the doctors,\" said Chatterjee.\"A meeting of the staff is going to be organized on Monday to discuss the nitty-gritty of managing a 24 hours hospital for animals. The challenge before us is to balance teaching and hospital as we have limited human resources,\" said Samad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16259044", "title": "Early education must in mother tongue, Dilip Tirkey says", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rajya Sabha member and former captain of the Indian Hockey team, Dillip Tirkey, in support of the initiative of the Odisha Adivashi Manch (OAM), a state forum for tribals, to promote early education in the mother tongue, said he faced a lot of difficulty in his school because of the medium of instruction. \"The first language taught should be what children are familiar with. Tribal children who are not taught in their own dialect or mother tongue in the initial years find learning difficult. I faced several hindrances.\"OAM has started pilot projects in Kandhamal, Gajapati, Ganjam and Raygada for providing early education to children in Kui and Saura languages. The manch has been demanding implementation of education early in life in 10 tribal tongues at anganwadi centres.\"When children begin their education at the pre-primary stage in anganwadis they find themselves lost as the language used for instruction is strange. Unable to fully understand classroom teaching and text books properly, the majority of them drop out of school,\" said Sudhir Digal of OAM.\"From our experience we have seen that brain growth and the ability to learn multiple languages is much higher among children who start their pre-schools in their mother tongues. They also do better in higher classes. The state government has agreed to publish Arunima, a book for pre-nursery students, in 10 tribal languages,\" he added.Besides language, OAM is also giving emphasis on the content of books. \"Through initial education, the children must first acquire knowledge of their own culture and ethnicity,\" Digal pointed out.An OAM team and members of the National Advocacy Council for Development of Indigenous people (NACDIP), a network of tribal leaders and organizations working on tribal rights in India, met Tirkey to pursue changes in the education system to facilitate teaching methods among tribal children.Krishnan, national convener of NACDIP, stated, \"We are happy that people are taking up the issue of the importance of a tribal child's right to education in his mother tongue. This will guarantee children a greater degree of social adjustment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16260063", "title": "Country, illicit liquor seized", "text": "Nashik: Two raids were conducted by officials of the state excise department, Nashik, in and around the city on Tuesday morning. Sleuths confiscated 25 boxes of country liquor and 120 lt of illicit liquor. Acting on a tip-off, the officials intercepted an Omni Van near Mhasrool, in which 25 boxes of country liquor was being transported. According to the officials, the country liquor was apparently being transported to bootleggers. Apart from the 25 boxes of country liquor, The Omni van was also seized by the department sleuths. The total worth of the country liquor and the Omni van is about Rs 2.30 lakh. The raid was led by Inspector SG Bojjewar and sub- inspector Narayan Gosavi. and others of the State Excise Department, Nashik. In another raid, 120 lt of illicit liquor being transported in a tube of a truck tyre was seized near Ghoti late on Monday. The officials said they acted on the tip-off given by their informants in Ghoti. This raid was conducted by Inspector SG Pawar and Sub Inspector Narayan Gosavi. The excise officials also seized the motorcycle and the total worth of the motorcycle and the illicit liquor amounted to Rs 21,800. Excise officials said that they have also been conducting drives all across the district to ensure that there is no smuggling of liquor from other parts of the country into the city, wherein liquor is purchased at throwaway price in other states and sold to bootleggers after adulterating it. The officials also informed that with Ganapati festival around the corner their campaign against illegal transportation and stocking of country liquor, Indian made foreign liquor had been intensified all across the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "behrampur", "code": "16259186", "title": "Three arrested for murdering widow in Kandhamal village", "text": "BEHRAMPUR: Three persons were arrested in connection with the murder of a 90-year-old widow in Kandhamal's Dadi village within Tikabali police limits. The motive behind the murder was robbery. The accused are Ranjit Sahu, an auto-rickshaw driver, his wife Mamata and his mother-in-law Brundabati, all neighbours of the deceased, Kumari Sahu. Police said the accused were caught while trying to flee the village.The culprits barged into the house to rob the widow of her gold jewellery, said S Bariha, the G Udayagiri SDPO. Gold ornaments weighing 20 gm were recovered from them, Bariha said.Describing the chain of events, Bariha explained police had registered a missing diary on August 21 based on the complaints of a relative of the deceased. Police spotted the widow's decomposed body on the outskirts of the village on the fourth day of her going missing. \"The body had some injury marks and her gold ornaments were missing. This led us to suspect that it was a murder,\" Bariha said.The postmortem revealed that Kumari had been killed by a sharp weapon. A sniffer dog led the police team to a locked house in the same village, the SDPO said. \"We found blood-soaked pillow covers inside the house,\" Bariha said. Later, people living in that house were arrested from different parts of the village, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16258930", "title": "Kin of natural disaster victims to get Rs 2 lakh", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The state government has revised the norms for compensation to be given to victims of natural disasters. The norms have been revised by the Revenue Department on Monday.The next of kin of the person dying in a natural disaster would now get Rs 2 lakh out of which Rs 1.5 lakh would be paid from the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) and Rs 50,000 from the chief minister's relief fund.The owners of the pucca houses that get razed to the ground in a natural calamity would be given Rs 35,000 and those owning kutcha houses would get Rs 30,000. The government would also give Rs 10,000 for partially damaged pucca houses and Rs 7,500 for kutcha houses.For those sustaining 40 per cent to 80 per cent injuries in a natural calamity, the compensation given would be to the tune of Rs 43,500 and those sustaining more than 80 per cent of the injuries would be paid Rs 62,000.For those who spend more than one week in hospital, the government would pay a sum of Rs 9,300 while it would give Rs 3,100 to those who are relieved from the hospital within a week. The norms for compensation to be paid for the death of cattle and other animals have also been revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258475", "title": "RTI activist threatens FIR against Nagpur University officials", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the selection process for Nagpur University registrar is under the scanner, RTI activist Prakash Bansod has written a letter to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan, threatening to lodge a police complaint against NU officials for flouting rules while scrutinizing applications.According to Bansod, the NU scrutiny panel had received 24 applications, of which they selected only nine candidates based on qualifications and experience. These nine include acting registrar Mahesh Yenkie, associate professor at Shivaji Science Ashok Gomase, deputy registrar Vilas Ramteke, NU Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO) Puran Meshram, head of public administration department Nilima Deshmukh and deputy registrar at Mumbai university Dinesh Kamble. \"The panel failed to adhere to rules and regulations and did not maintain transparency,\" Bansod mentions in the letter.He raised doubts over functioning of NU administration, which failed to get a \"suitable registrar since last three years\". \"For the same post, NU had conducted interviews thrice, but never got a suitable candidate. The entire process created doubts as NU had wasted Rs2 lakh on all this,\" he told TOI.Bansod also raised objection on the scrutiny committee under Board of College and University Development (BCUD) director Arvind Chaudhary, which also comprised VS Deshpande, DM Shende, AM Khurad, Akshay Kumar Kale, and PRO Prashant Mohite as secretary. \"Their selection of nine candidates is suspicious, as many candidates do not meet the norms prescribed in the June 2 advertisement,\" Bansod claimed, demanding a through enquiry. Mohite couldn't be contacted as he was on leave.The interviews for registrar, controller of examinations (CoE) and librarian were originally scheduled for September 3 and 4, but rescheduled for September 10 and 11 after vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal was summoned to a special meet by the chancellor in Mumbai.The registrar's interviews were already under a cloud due to the nomination of science faculty dean Kishor Deshmukh on the selection panel. He had been twice rejected during interviews for the post, on account of being \"unsuitable\". NU Academic Council member MD Chaudhary had filed an appeal with the chancellor, asking him to set aside NU Management Council decision to nominate Deshmukh, terming it as 'unethical'. He said that the nomination of a rejected candidate was not in the best interest of the university and against moral values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259582", "title": "BBMP to float tenders to clear landfills", "text": "BANGALORE: Villagers of Mandur and Mavallipura can perhaps breathe easy now. For, the BBMP is set to float tenders soon to clear waste of more than 10 lakh tonnes piling up in landfills, two at Mandur and one each at Mavallipura and Doddaballapur.On Tuesday, during presentations made by four companies before the BBMP commissioner, there was also a Japanese company vying with others to rid the villages of Bangalore's garbage.Japan-based Nippon IClean Solutions Pvt Ltd, which made a presentation before the BBMP commissioner , claimed that it could process over 2,000 tonnes of waste every day, using only technology and without local labour.\"We would convert the waste into gas and compost and energy. But no local employment is possible as the system requires trained Japanese technicians . If approved, this would be the first project of solid waste management in India, using Japanese technology,\" said Vikram Gulecha, regional associate of the company . The company said it did not expect any financial assistance from BBMP but sought a 30-year lockin period.Manipal Group flaunted German technology for its solid waste management plant. A S Ram Mohan , advisor-energy from Manipal group, presented the company's proposal to set up a plant that could process 700 tonnes of solid waste per day, that could produce 10 mega watts of power. Mysore-based Southern Cogen Technology offered its patented technology , in use in Europe and Korea, to convert the garbage into energy. of the company. This model would consider BBMP as an equity partner (30%) and sought 7-8 acres of land for the plant.\"We will convert the landfills into green spaces ,\" said Nilesh Jamdar, COO of Unity Infrastructure Assets Ltd.He has proposed a model whereby 750-1 ,000 tonnes of waste will be turned into fuel daily and sought 15 acres of land for the purpose.All the companies also visited the landfills at Mandur , Mavallipura, Doddaballapur .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16257795", "title": "Mumbai: Third mishap at Metro, experts blame poor safety measures", "text": "MUMBAI: Tuesday's slab collapse at the under-construction metro station in Sahar is the third such accident at the site since work started and the sixth at the city's infrastructure projects, raising doubts over the quality of construction and inability to learn from past mishaps.Earlier in 2008, a piling machine at the Metro's Andheri site toppled on an auto, killing a passenger and seriously injuring the driver. In July last year, a labourer died after he fell off a beam at the site.\"Few competent officials supervise these sites. There seems to be no scientific approach to construction. The concrete of the slab and the staircase which collapsed should have had a curing period of a few weeks. Falling while being mounted shows lack of proper approach,\" said transport expert Jagdeep Desai.Officials at MMOPL, a consortium led by Reliance Infrastructure , said they were making preliminary inquiries as to what went wrong in the sequence of construction of the slab, with Hindustan Construction Company , the sub-contractor. However, HCC sources refused to comment. A team of 3,000 labourers and engineers are working on the project.Barely a month ago, 13 concrete segments of the under-construction eastern freeway at Wadala, weighing over 1,000 tons, collapsed, killing one on the spot and injuring seven. Tuesday's incident came even as action was being awaited on the report recently submitted to the MMRDA.\"Any construction is done looking into 100 years of life and safety. If mishaps occur during or immediately after construction, there is something seriously wrong with planning and construction,\" said another senior expert. \"Why can't we work towards reducing the risks in construction? I don't find any such emphasis in the construction activities on in Mumbai,\" said the expert.\"These mishaps are surely avoidable if special care is taken to ensure adequate support for the slab,\" said a state government official on condition of anonymity.Asked about the reason for the mishap, a senior official at MMRDA, which is a minority stake-holder in MMOPL, said, \"Reasons for past mishaps at the Metro project have been different, but there should be proper safety measures or second-check methods in place before any construction activity. The time has come to address the basic issue of bad work culture in construction for which the city is paying a high cost now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257481", "title": "Gutka worth over Rs 32 lakh seized in Pune", "text": "PUNE: A slew of raids conducted jointly by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) and the police in Pune and surrounding areas has helped seize gutka worth Rs 32.67 lakh in the last two days. In another case, the officials imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on a grocery shop owner for selling substandard quality mustard oil.\"Our food safety officials seized the banned product in five separate raids conducted on Monday and Tuesday. In two cases, police played a proactive role and tipped FDA officials,\" said FDA joint commissioner (food), Shahshikant Kekare.In the first raid, a truck carrying 432 gunny bags filled with gutka pouches manufactured in Nipani in Karnataka was detained by the police in Belvade village, Karad taluka on Pune-Bangalore highway, on Monday. Police informed the FDA officials following which food safety officials Yogesh Dahane, Sampat Deshmukh, S M Dangat, Sachin Adhav seized goods worth Rs 24.30 lakh.In the second case, FDA officials acted on a tip off by Pune crime branch officials and raided a godown in Mangalwar Peth late on Monday night. Goods worth Rs 8.25 lakh were seized. Food safety official Shivkumar Kodgire conducted the raid.\"Assistant police inspector K G Handore contacted our officials following which the raid was carried out. A grocery wholesaler in Somwar Peth owns the godown,\" Kekare said.Early on Tuesday, food safety official Meghana Pawar seized gutka pouches worth Rs 6,765 from a grocery shop located opposite Shivajinagar bus stand.\"One person informed our officials about the illegal sale following which the raid was carried out at around 7 am on Tuesday,\" Kekare said.In a similar action, FDA officials Parag Nalawade and Arun Dhole recovered gutka worth Rs 4,702 from a wholesaler in Market Yard the same day. A food safety official Rajendra Kakde seized gutka worth Rs 1,424 from a grocery shop located in front of the Pune station. Assistant commissioner (food) S S Desai imposed a fine of Rs 7,000 on a grocery shop owner in Karvenagar for keeping stock of gutka.Sangli man fined for selling substandard oilThe FDA joint commissioner on Tuesday imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on a grocery shop owner in Sangli district for selling substandard quality mustard oil. The samples were taken a few months ago by the FDA officials following complaints. The tests were conducted at the FDA lab in Pune and the results came on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259964", "title": "Karnataka Examinations Authority to prepare students for NEET", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka Examinations Authority will hold a capacity-building programme to prepare students for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET 2013). The programme will commence from October 16, which coincides with Dasara holidays for II PU students. It will be telecast on Doordarshan's Chandana Channel from 9.15pm to 10pm every day till May 2013.Detailed course modules as per syllabus will be accessible from October 16 on the KEA website. A NEET cell is being set up which will interact with students. From January 2013, mock NEET exams will be held by KEA offline and online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258481", "title": "Drunken RPF men attack station master", "text": "NAGPUR: Three Railway Protection Force (RPF) constables are likely to face suspension for consuming alcohol in the waiting room of Kalmeshwar railway station and afterwards, assaulting the station master late Monday night.An FIR has been lodged against the accused with the Government Railway Police (GRP) station at Nagpur even though RPF officials are trying to protect the constables. The Central Railway divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit has also ordered an inquiry into the matter.According to sources, Manoj Ghodeswar (46), station master of Kalmeshwar, arrived at the station at around 10pm on Wednesday for his duty. As there was a couple of hours for his duty time to begin, Ghodeswar decided to spent the spare time at the waiting hall. In the hall he saw RPF constable, Amitkumar Shivhare, along with four other constables consuming alcohol. Station staff said that the five constables were in the hall since 7pm.On seeing Ghodeswar, the constables hurriedly finished off their drinks and moved out. Ten minutes later, two of them returned and began asking Ghodeswar about his credentials. A surprised Ghodeshwar in turn questioned the constables, who were not in uniforms, about their identity.Infuriated by this, they started beating Ghodeswar. As the constables were drunk, staff on duty was scared to intervene. After some time Shivhare intervened and feigning to save Ghodeshwar he scared the culprits them away instead of nabbing them.Ghodeshwar notified the RPF officials about the incident and also lodged a complaint with GRP.Talking to TOI, A Ibhraim Sheriff, senior divisional security commissioner (SrDSC), Central Railway, confirmed that an inquiry into the incident has been ordered.\"Three constables are involved - one was on duty while the others were off duty. A case has been registered. If it is found that the accused constables had been drinking alcohol they will be suspended. I've summoned all of them on Wednesday morning,\" Sheriff said.Ghodeswar was initially taken to Mayo Hospital by the policemen for medical examination but he was sent back as there were no external injuries. However, he has been admitted to ward number 7 of the Central Railway Hospital at Nagpur. He is suspected to have suffered internal spine injuries.Ghodeswar is also the divisional secretary of the All India Station Masters Association (AISMA). Meanwhile, members of the AISMA have condemned the attack on Ghodeshwar pointing out that those appointed to protect railwaymen have themselves become assaulters. It is shocking that the accused constables were consuming liquor at a public place when even smoking is banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258262", "title": "Solar Explosives bought stake in co raided by CBI", "text": "NAGPUR: Raipur-based Navbharat Iron and Steel, one of the companies having faced CBI action in the alleged Coalgate scam, has sold a majority stake to Solar Explosives Limited, a listed company from the city. Rumours were abuzz that a CBI team had raided Solar's office on Tuesday.According to the latter's promoters Satyanarayan Nuwal and his son Manish, they purchased 74% of the shares in Navbharat Iron and Steel for Rs8 crore in 2008, which included a stake in the coal mine too. The mine near Korba in Chhattisgarh , however, later went into the no-go zone where mining is banned by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).This is not the only instance where a company having been allotted a coal has sold the stake for a premium. Among the latest is Nagpur's BS Ispat which sold the company in whose name a block was allotted to another company for over Rs200 crore.Solar Explosives is a leading name in commercial explosives. The Nuwals denied that the CBI raided their establishment on Tuesday. Work appeared to be as usual when TOI visited the company's office at Bharat Nagar. There were reports of CBI team visiting Solar Explosives' office at Ramdaspeth too, which could not be confirmed.The chairman Satyanarayan Nuwal told TOI that the coal block was allotted to Navbharat Iron and Steel in 2003. The company is headed V K Singh of Raipur who also has interest in the explosives business, which led to acquaintance between the two. \"Solar Explosives purchased 74% stake in Navbharat's business in 2008, which also led to this company enjoying the benefits of the coal block originally allotted to Navbharat,\" said Nuwal.Singh of Navbharat Iron and Steel is known to be a politically influential person in Chhattisgarh, with his wife Meena Singh having contested on a BJP ticket. Although he could not be contacted, his son Vishal claimed that there was no CBI raid on their premises.Navbharat had originally planned to come up with an iron and steel unit for which the coal block was allotted. \"We chipped in the capital which Navbharat was falling short of, and also planned to have a power plant along with the iron and steel unit,\" said Nuwal.Nuwal said the Navbharat was in talks with other players but the deal was finally clinched by Solar Explosives as it could complete the formalities at the earliest.\"We decided to invest in this company on the basis of the allotment letter in the possession of Navbharat. There was no apparent condition barring it from selling the stake to any other company for raising finance ,\" added Manish Nuwal.Apart from the Rs8 crore paid for buying the stake, Solar has also shelled out a few crores for land acquisition and preparing mining plans. Finally, the land was put under no-go zone by the MoEF. It was only recently that the ministry was reviewing such mines on a case-to-case basis. \"The funds have been stuck up due to the controversy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16259928", "title": "Schedule of election of Students\u2019 Council declared", "text": "VARANASI: The programme of the election of Students' Council of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) was announced on Monday. The entire election process will be completed from September 14 to 23.According to the programme, the publication of electoral roll and distribution of nomination forms to students would be held on September 14. The nomination for the first level election of students (class representative) of undergraduate, post-graduate and Ph D would be held on September 17. The scrutiny of the candidature would start just after the receipt of nomination forms on the same day. The final list of candidates would be announced on September 18 after scrutiny of candidature and withdrawal of nomination. The first level polling of undergraduate students would be held on September 21 followed by counting and declaration of results on the same day. Similarly the first level polling of post-graduate and Ph D students along with counting and declaration of results would be held on September 22.The second level nomination of undergraduate, post-graduate and Ph D students, declaration of candidates, withdrawal of nomination, polling, counting and declaration of results would also be held on September 22.On September 23, the election process of third level for faculty representative including nomination, declaration of candidature, withdrawal of nomination, polling and declaration of result would be held. Besides, the nomination for the office bearers of Students' Council, declaration of candidature, withdrawal of nomination, polling and declaration of result would also be held on the same day. The election would be held by secret ballot paper only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16258922", "title": "Kolkata scientists gear up for more projects at CERN", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) set to be shut down for two years from February 2013 for upgrade and maintenance, the city-based Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP) and the Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre (VECC) are readying for greater participation over newer experiments at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN).\"SINP will be more actively associated with CERN for five more years for three experiments - ALICE, CMS and ISOLDE. We shall increase the exchange of faculty and students for these experiments,\" said SINP director Milan Kumar Sanyal while interacting with journalists on Tuesday.Rolf-Dieter Heuer, director-general of CERN, and Rudiger Voss, international relations in-charge at CERN, were also present at the press conference.\"We shall increase the number of students involved in the experiments. As part of the current five-year plan, we are also getting involved in the upgrade and maintenance of experiments SINP was involved in,\" added Sanyal, indicating that the discussions with the director-general of CERN were quite satisfying.\"We welcome more participation from Indian scientists. If India becomes an associate member of CERN, all the offshoots of technology can be used here without any riders,\" said Heuer.\"We have a 20-years programme with the LHC. Scientists in Europe will sit together to decide on the particular subject in particle physics that will be researched on as the next step after LHC,\" added Heuer.VECC scientists also held a series of meeting with officials of CERN, including Heuer and Voss, to discuss the role of the Kokata-based institute in the ALICE upgrade projects and data analysis of collision, which will be accumulated till February 2013. After that, LHC will be shut down for two years for upgrade and maintenance.\"We discussed VECC's plans regarding the maintenance and refurbishing of Photon Multiplicity Detector (PMD) for the ALICE experiment. The PMD will be examined and we shall make changes in hardware if the need arises,\" said Dinesh Kumar Srivastava, director of VECC, mentioning that the institute had been involved with CERN since 1989.\"We also discussed the researches conducted till date regarding the installation of another advanced detector beside the PMD for the ALICE experiment and the letter of intent has already been sent to the authorities at CERN,\" added Srivastava.\"It is called FoCal - Forward Calorimeter - and the cost is around 10million Swiss francs. India, Japan, The Netherlands, USA and Czeck Republic are partnering in the project. We are mainly trying to develop silicon detectors for it,\" said Tapan Nayek, senior scientist at VECC.\"In the meantime, our next work will be to analyse the huge data collected from the collisions at LHC,\" explained Premomoy Ghosh, senior scientist at VECC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16259819", "title": "Dems cooler on India than Republicans", "text": "WASHINGTON: After four years of relentlessly courting India, whose independent-minded foreign policy is frequently seen to put New Delhi at odds with Washington , President Obama and the Democratic Party appear to have pared down expectations from the world's champion outlier.The Democratic Party platform released here on Tuesday ahead of the party convention where Obama will accept nomination for a second term merely says an Obama Presidency II will \"continue to invest in a longterm strategic PARTNERSHIP with India\" . It is a distinct downturn from the 2008 platform in which Obama and Democrats had described the US and India as \"natural strategic ALLIES\" .Even the promise of continued investment in a longterm strategic partnership with India in a second Obama term is constrained, with support principally for \"its ability to serve as a regional economic anchor and provider of security in the broader Indian Ocean region\" . Missing conspicuously is the Bush presidency pledge to support India in its global role aspirations .The Republican platform released in Tampa last week, is, by contrast, far more expansive and upbeat on US-India relations. It welcomes a \"stronger relationship with the world's largest democracy , India, both economic and cultural, as well as in terms of national security,\" while unambiguously announcing, \"We hereby affirm and declare that India is our geopolitical ally and a strategic trading partner.\" Both platforms are not without their policy prescriptions and poison pills for India.While the GOP manifesto encourages India \"to permit greater foreign investment and trade\" and urges \"protection for adherents of all India's religions\" , the Democrat platform pledges to \"ensure that other major economies like China and India\" take meaningful action on the climate change and clean energy front.But Sumit Ganguly, a South Asia scholar at Indiana University , cautions that the current belief in Indian political discourse, that Republican administrations are more sympathetic towards India than their Democratic counterparts is \"factually incorrect\" and does not take into account, among other things, Democrat support for India in terms of economic assistance during the Cold War. \"Some Indian commentators have taken heart from the amount of attention that the Republican platform devoted to India. Making robust inferences from those paragraphs, however, can be quite misleading,\" Ganguly wrote in a recent op-ed .Kal Penn stars in Barack videoThe Democratic National Convention announced that Indian-American actor Kal Penn would host the live coverage of the event in Charlotte . The campaign also released a minute-long video showing Obama purportedly making a phone call to Penn while he is lounging around with John Cho , his co-actor in the Harold and Kumar series of movies. Obama earnestly asks the two couch potatoes if they are in on the campaign and tell them everyone is banking on them. In a spoof of their hit stoner movies, the boys are shown lounging around munching on Doritos and watching cartoons, disdainful of Obama' sense of urgency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259046", "title": "Literary world to miss its bohemian genius", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the last bohemians in the city's literary fraternity is gone forever, rued one of Syed Mustafa Siraj's friends, after the celebrated writer died in a city nursing home on Tuesday. hit the literary fraternity.The happy voice that cared little for himself and much for the world around him will never ask again, if all was fine. The 82-year-old will, however, live forever, promised his friends who live to tell his tales of life and zest for it.Siraj never knew that he would become a writer. In fact, it is drama and music that attracted him more. Born in Khoshbashpur in Murshidabad in 1930, Siraj had a natural flair for music and an instinctive love for nature that would pull him out of his house and make him roam in the woods and wild. As a young boy, he used to sing and play the flute. His neighbours knew him as a happy rustic soul. Gradually, folk drama became the love of his life and at a very early stage he joined Aalkaap - a group that travelled across rural Bengal with its plays.Siraj travelled in Murshidabad, Birbhum, Malda and Burdwan and even performed in Kolkata. But the freedom-loving soul soon started to look for life beyond this and took refuge in poetry and short stories. One after another, unparalleled stories of life in Bengal's villages started rolling out of his pen. Inti, pisi o Ghatbabu, Bhalobasha O Downtrain, Hizal Biler Rakhalera and Taranginir Chokh...brought him instant success. Siraj went on to write at least 200 novels and more than 300 short stories, many of which brought him awards. Some of his novels like, Neel Gharer Nati, Trinabhumi, Kingbadanter Nayak, Aleek Manush and Uttar Jahnabi have been translated into all major Indian languages. Siraj won all the major literary awards like Sahitya Academy, Bankim Purashkar, Bhuwalka and Narsinghdas. He was perhaps best known for Aleek Manush.Siraj also wrote for children, but he got into this genre of writing much later in life. He created a detective character Colonel Niladri Sarkar for kids, who is hugely popular. Siraj worked as a journalist in a Bengali daily for years and had as his colleagues, writers like Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay and Sunil Gangopadhyay.\"He started as a colleague and became one of my best friends. It was a bond of 52 years and I cannot explain this loss. We were on endearing \"tui\" terms and would often visit each other's place. I shave never come across such a true son of the soil whose depth of understanding of rural Bengal is perhaps unparalalled in contemporary Bengali literature. You can actually get the smell of earth in his works,\" said an emotional Mukhopadhyay.Sunil Gangopadhyay, too, described Siraj as a part of his \"original writer pals\" with whom he started a literary movement way back in the 50s. He credited Siraj with having a rare skill for creating the most remarkable characters in fiction writing.Siraj will also be remembered as a progressive Muslim intellectual, who professed the cause of communal harmony, peace and secular education.As news of the death of celebrated writer, Syed Mustafa Siraj started circulating in the literary world, a pall of gloom spread. One heard a refrain - one of the last bohemians of the city's world of letters is gone forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257502", "title": "Industry status for tourism sector", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has accorded the status of industry to tourism sector in the state and revised its policy to attract investment.The state cabinet presided over by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , on Monday ratified the policy in which a provision has been made for providing subsidy to heritage hotels, construction of budget hotels and provisions for ensuring 24-hour power supply to all prominent tourism destinations.Throwing light on the new provisions in the tourism policy, a government spokesman said the state would provide a 25% subsidy or Rs 1.5 crore on capital investment expenditure if a private building is converted into and run as a heritage hotel by the building owner or any other investor.The subsidy will be given when an investor runs the hotel for a year after developing it after being classified as a heritage hotel by the hotel and restaurants approval and classification committee. Assessment of investment expenditure will be made by a committee comprising officers of the State Archaeology Department and State Tourism Development Corporation.The policy also provides for subsidy to investors on construction of budget hotels at prominent religious places. If such a hotel is constructed on the departmental land bank, then 20% subsidy or Rs 50 lakh, whichever is less, will be payable. Subsidy on land price will not be given in such cases.A budget hotel will be eligible for subsidy/exemption only when 50 or more rooms are built in it and rent is not more than Rs 2000 per day per room. Eligibility of subsidy/exemptions on construction of dormitory will be given only when minimum 100 beds are available in it and per bed rent is not more than Rs 200.The policy also outlines that big convention centres will be built at Bhopal and Indore and medium-level centres at Jabalpur and Gwalior. To ensure that desired permissions about tourism projects are received soon, clearances will be given by TRIFAC on projects worth Rs 10 crore or more. The policy provides for ensuring 24-hour power supply at prominent tourism destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16259253", "title": "Piling waste poses threat to Punnathurkotta elephants", "text": "THRISSUR: The sanitary conditions in the famous elephant sanctuary at Punnathurkotta are in an abysmal state. The 63 elephants owned by the Guruvayur Devaswom Board housed in the compound face a serious health hazard owing to non-removal of waste, which includes elephant excreta, palm leaves and grass.Seven tonnes of waste is generated here daily. Although the devaswom has given tender to remove the waste on a daily basis, the compound has not been cleaned for the past several days.According to experts, if not dealt with urgently, the situation could lead to the animals getting foot disease. T C R Nambiar, senior veterinary surgeon in Punnathurkotta says: \"Waste piling up in the compound can cause foot disease among elephants, especially the aged ones. There are 10 aged elephants here and we have to treat them with care.\"However, a devaswom official TOI contacted was non-committal. \"We have given tender to a contractor to remove the waste. He is paid Rs 750 per tonne. It is his duty to remove the waste. We do not see any remedy to this problem now.\"V K Venkitachalam, secretary, Heritage Animal Task Force ( HATF), blamed the authorities for the situation in Punnathurkotta. \"There is a nexus between devaswom officials and those who work in Punnathurkotta. There is a proposal to create paper from the bio-waste generated there. But they are not aware of it.\"In the summer months, waste removal is not a problem here as there are buyers for palm leaf waste, which is used as fuel, and also for elephant excreta, which is used as manure in farm lands.Thrissur: The sanitary conditions in the famous elephant sanctuary at Punnathurkotta are in an abysmal state. The 63 elephants owned by the Guruvayur Devaswom Board housed in the compound face a serious health hazard owing to non-removal of waste, which includes elephant excreta, palm leaves and grass.Seven tonnes of waste is generated here daily. Although the devaswom has given tender to remove the waste on a daily basis, the compound has not been cleaned for the past several days.According to experts, if not dealt with urgently, the situation could lead to the animals getting foot disease. T C R Nambiar, senior veterinary surgeon in Punnathurkotta says: \"Waste piling up in the compound can cause foot disease among elephants, especially the aged ones. There are 10 aged elephants here and we have to treat them with care.\"However, a devaswom official TOI contacted was non-committal. \"We have given tender to a contractor to remove the waste. He is paid Rs 750 per tonne. It is his duty to remove the waste. We do not see any remedy to this problem now.\"V K Venkitachalam, secretary, Heritage Animal Task Force (HATF), blamed the authorities for the situation in Punnathurkotta. \"There is a nexus between devaswom officials and those who work in Punnathurkotta. There is a proposal to create paper from the bio-waste generated there. But they are not aware of it.\"In the summer months, waste removal is not a problem here as there are buyers for palm leaf waste, which is used as fuel, and also for elephant excreta, which is used as manure in farm lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16258327", "title": "Three gates of Irai dam opened", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Three gates of Irai dam were opened on Monday night following incessant rains. More gates could be opened if the water level in the dam rises further.As the level in the dam rose above 207.200 meter mark, the Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station management that looks after the dam, opened three gates at midnight. Of these two gates have been opened by 0.5 meter, while third is opened by 0.25 meter. With heavy rains lashing the catchment area of dam, the possibility of opening more gates is not ruled out, CSTPS officials claimed.Administration has alerted the settlement along the Irai river about the flash floods, but there are no reports of any flooding in low lying areas so far. The rain that started pouring down on Monday evening continued to lash the city and adjoining places throughout the day on Tuesday. The average rainfall received in Chandrapur district during last 24 hours 25.5mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "16259085", "title": "Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women: 30 students get offer letters", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The training and placement cell of Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Gujarkhan Campus, invited an IT and consulting firm to recruit college students for various openings at the firm, on Tuesday.As many as 144 final-year students of BA, BCom, BCA, BBA, MA, MCom, PGDCA and PGDMC sat for the placements and 30 were given offer letters. The vacancies were for the entry-level executive operations of outsourcing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16261269", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha to romance Saif in next film", "text": "The actress will play a Bengali damsel in Tigmanshu Dhulia's Bullet RajaShe has romanced Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar in Dabangg and Rowdy Rathore . And now, 25-year-old Sonakshi Sinha has been signed opposite Saif Ali Khan , 42, in Tigmanshu Dhulia's Bullet Raja. Interestingly, for the film that is based on the UP mafia, the actress who has portrayed the rustic northern belle with elan in her previous ventures will be seen as a Bengali damsel.\"As soon as Saif returned to Mumbai, Tigmanshu had a lengthy meeting with him to discuss the heroine. He was very keen to have Sonakshi on board and was convinced she could pull off the role with ease,\" a source told TOI.Sonakshi, on the other hand is excited about this new project. \"She loves Tigmanshu's films and is looking forward to working with him,\" added the source. Apparently, the actress is excited to play a Bengali girl, which would be different from her village belle avatar in Dabangg and ' Patna ki phuljhadi ' role in Rowdy Rathore .Apart from Sonakshi, Jimmy Shergill , who has worked with Tigmanshu in Saheb Biwi Gangster , has also been brought on board.Sonakshi whose film Son Of Sardar is all set for release this Diwali, has left for Muscat to shoot Milan Luthria's Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai Part 2 along with Akshay. Bullet Raja , produced by Brandsmith Motion Pictures, will thus go on floors by November this year.When contacted, Tigmanshu remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258464", "title": "House nod to help fill 16,864 SC/ST vacancies in central jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the proposed legislation, providing reservation to SCs and STs in promotions in government jobs, gets the mandatory Parliament nod, it will pave the way for filling as many as 16,864 vacancies in central services. These vacancies were supposed to be filled through promotion to SCs and STs, but pendency persisted in the absence of clarity in policy.Officials in the ministry of personnel believe that the removal of term \"inadequate representation\" through amending the Article 16(4) of the Constitution will help clear those backlogs that had piled up for long.Though vacancies exist under the direct recruitment category, the number of vacancies is more under the promotion category of the SCs and STs in the absence of \"qualifying data\" on the basis of such promotions could be granted.\"The legislative action will now obviate the need for qualifying data. It will end uncertainties with regard to methodology for deciding the promotion. It will be easier for the government to fill the backlogs,\" said an official.Government statistics shows that 7,500 vacancies of SCs were filled in central jobs from November, 2008, to January, 2012, as against the vacancies of 14,110. Similarly in the case of STs, only 6,667 posts were filled through promotion as against the vacancies of 16, 921 during the period.Official figures show that the number of vacancies under the promotion category for SCs and STs has consistently been on the rise because more people from these groups had joined the central government jobs over the years. As against 13.17% SCs and 2.25% STs in central services as on 1 January, 1965, their representation has now increased to about 17.15% and 7.16%, respectively.Representation of SCs and STs in Group A Service has also increased substantially during last 46 years. While representation of SCs in Group 'A' services in 1965 was 1.64% only, it is about 11.6% now. Similarly, the representation of STs in Group A Service has increased from 0.27% in 1965 to about 4.5%.At present, there are 10,315 SCs and 3,998 STs employed in Group A services. The number is quite high in Group B and Group C jobs. Altogether, 26,495 SCs are employed in Group B jobs as against 9,923 STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258365", "title": "UP cabinet okays marginal increase in power tariff", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the UP cabinet giving its nod to link the electricity duty with the electricity charge you pay for every unit you consume, your electricity bill is all set to rise, though marginally. Until now, a consumer was required to pay a flat electricity duty at the rate of 9 paise per unit. But now, one would be required to pay at the rate of 5% of the electricity charge.So, if you are a domestic consumer, the electricity duty will become 17 paise per unit (5% of Rs 3.45 per unit). But this will be only if you consume up to 200 units. Above that, the duty will be 5% of Rs 3.80 per unit, that is 19 paise.For an average household consuming around 300 units, the electricity duty until now was calculated to be Rs 27. This would now be Rs 34.5 for the first 200 units and Rs 19 for the next 100 units. This way the electricity duty will turn out to be Rs 53.5 and the bill will rise by around Rs 27. In simple terms, an average household will be paying twice the electricity duty it paid until now. Likewise, the commercial consumers will be doling out far more than what they have been paying as electricity duty.Obviously, any increase in tariff structure will have a direct bearing on electricity duty which will subsequently rise. Already, the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) is in the last stages of hearing into new power tariff structure, though the state government has proposed an increase for commercial consumer.Principal secretary, energy, Anil Kumar Gupta, said that the electricity duty has not been raised for different reasons since 1997. He said that the amount raised as a result of this duty will go into the state government's treasury. \"The new duty structure is likely to come into effect by Wednesday,'' he said.The new electricity duty may not pinch an average consumer too hard but is set to inflate the purse of a financially ailing state government.According to an estimate, there are around 1.5 crore registered consumers in the state. So, the duty will bring the state government an additional revenue well over Rs 40 crore per month, or nearly Rs 500 crore annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16258766", "title": "Heavy rains lash Saurashtra", "text": "RAJKOT: Saurashtra was lashed by heavy rains for the second consecutive day on Tuesday, bringing relief to people worried over shortage of drinking water for the year ahead. Farmers, too, are happy as the current spell of rains can at least improve the fodder situation in Saurashtra.The rain deficient region, which had received just 25 per cent of its average annual rainfall till Monday morning, got another eight per cent in the last 24 hours. Now, Saurashtra has received 33 per cent of its average annual rainfall.Maliya Hatina of Junagadh district has received 170mm rainfall. Good rainfall were experienced in Junagadh's Keshod (114mm), Mangrol (76mm), Sutrapada (111mm), Talala (94mm) and Veraval (52mm). In Jamnagar district, Jamkhambhaliya received the maximum rainfall of 153 mm. It was followed by Dwarka (148mm), Bhanvad (57mm), Jamjodhpur (55mm), Kalyanpur (40mm), Lalpur (40mm) and Jamnagar (25mm). Halvad in Surendranagar district received 30mm and Lodhika in Rajkot district 24mm rainfall, official sources said.The widespread rain disrupted power supply for a few hours in the morning in Saurashtra and Kutch region.Paschim Gujarat Vij Company Ltd (PGVCL) officials said power supply was interrupted in 64 villages in Saurashtra and Kutch region. Power was restored in 51 villages of Jamnagar, Surendranagar and Junagadh districts by evening.\"We will restore power in the remaining villages shortly,\" a PGVCL official said.Meanwhile, fishermen have been asked not to venture into the sea for the next 24 hours even as India Meteorological Department (IMD) forecast heavy to very heavy rains at a few places in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259233", "title": "Guru cool breaks class ceiling", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rakeshbhai Patel, a school teacher, decided to resign after his first posting in a government school at a village in Gujarat turned out to be a nightmare with rat-infested rooms. According to Patel, teachers were posted there as a punishment and therefore, never paid much attention to students.When Patel went to the school the next day, he began to think about the problems from the villager's point of view. There were fights among communities, students were irregular and there was no discipline or uniform. That is when Patel decided to regularize the children by first catching the attention of the elders. Patel organised a Satyanarayan Katha and set up a news board in the village. He also planted a banyan tree in the school premises, which made women come to school to worship the tree. Patel also taught students to make ice creams to win over them. All this attracted the villagers and within a year, the school was brimming with students.Similarly, in a primary school at Chanduvav in Veraval none of the girl students attended classes for a strange reason. The girls were engaged to the boys studying in the same school. When Divyaben Bhatt joined the school as teacher, she convinced the parents to set aside their social barriers and let the girls study.The experiences of over 160 teachers like Patel and Bhatt have been captured by Ahmedabad-based SRISTI Innovations (SI), a non-profit organization company. SI has scouted these teachers from various parts of the country and documented their innovative styles of attracting students to school and retaining them.Vijaya Sherry Chand, a professor at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, is the author of the book, Teachers as Transformers: Innovative Primary School Teachers at Work released in May 2012. The book captures the efforts of primary school teachers to provide education to all and bringing change to the society by fighting socio-economic barriers.\"We looked for innovations developed in response to a specific problem and the results achieved. The task of scouting out innovative teachers was undertaken with the help of people working in the government, teachers, some NGOs and other individuals,\" writes Chand in his book, which is a record of inspiring narratives of primary school teachers working in state-run schools in difficult socio-economic contexts, overcoming odds with their creative responses to problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16257964", "title": "Sikhs in Gujarat's Kutch fear displacement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They have created a little Punjab in the arid Kutch region of Gujarat. Now, a number of these Sikhs - who have made Gujarat their home over a period of almost five decades now - are faced with the fear of displacement.The Gujarat government has put a \"freeze\" on the land-holdings of hundreds of farmers by invoking the Bombay Tenancy and Agricultural Lands Act, 1958, disabling the Punjab agriculturists from selling, buying or taking any loan or subsidy on their land.\"After working hard for so many years, we turned the barren land of Kutch into an oasis and now the Gujarat government wants us to go,\" Surender Singh, 61, said here on Tuesday. \"We are being treated by the Gujarat government as if we don't belong there. It's almost the same way as Biharis are being treated in Maharashtra,\" added Singh, who originally belongs to Fazilka district of Punjab and is now a cotton farmer in Kutch.A group of farmers from Kutch have met Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and asked him to intervene in the matter.Punjabi farmers began settling in Kutch, along the border, after the India-Pakistan war of 1965 on the insistence of then Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri , who had felt that courageous men were needed close to the international border.\"The Gujarat high court has already given a decision in our favour, but the Gujarat government has moved the Supreme Court. We are poor farmers and can't afford high fees required to fight the case in the apex court,\" said Prithavi Singh, 43, who originally belongs to a village in Sangrur district of Punjab.Gujarat government has already put a freeze on over 20,000 acres of land already affecting thousands of farmers. \"I sold off all my land in Mansa and moved to Kutch in the early 80s. If I am ousted in Gujarat, I'll have nowhere to go,\" said Dalip Singh, 70.Not only those from Punjab, a number of farmers from Haryana have also been migrating to Kutch lately and investing in land there. \"Land rates are still cheap in Gujarat. Even now one can buy an acre of land for just Rs 3 to 4 lakh which in Haryana and Punjab would cost over Rs 1 crore,\" said Satpal Gosain, who hails from Hisar district in Haryana.Shiromani Akali Dal spokesperson Balwant Singh Ramoowalia said that Punjab government would get in touch with Gujarat over the issue. \"The issue will be taken up with Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and BJP high command in Delhi,\" he said.BOXBadal asks Modi to resolve Sikh farmers' issuePunjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Tuesday sought the \"immediate intervention\" of his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi and BJP national president Nitin Gadkari to sort out the issue of legitimate ownership right of the Punjabi farmers over agriculture land.In separate letters to Modi and gadkari, Badal said that the orders of Kutch collector to freeze more than 1000 'khedut khatas' (agricultural accounts) of the Punjabi farmers was injustice with these people who had developed this barren land into fertile one with hard labour.Badal said he was peeved to learn that though a division bench of the Gujarat High Court headed by acting Chief Justice had already given a ruling in the favour of these farmers, the Gujarat government has filed an appeal in the Supreme Court challenging the high court decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258417", "title": "Rs 22 lakh, valuables seized by ACB from arrested PWD engineer", "text": "NAGPUR: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) unit has confiscated Rs 22 lakh and sealed five lockers in different banks during searches conducted on Monday night after they caught senior public works department ( PWD) executive engineer Deepak Kaware while accepting a bribe.Kaware was produced before the special court on Tuesday by the ACB unit, which had sought a week's custody. After hearing the grounds offered by additional public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe, the court gave ACB three days custody, till September 7.ACB sleuths, acting on a complaint by a government contractor, trapped Kaware while he was taking Rs 70,000 as bribe to approve a bill of Rs 10 lakh spent on different renovation and restoration works related to different state-owned premises.During searches after his arrest, the ACB found nearly Rs 15 lakh cash at his Dindayal Nagar residence and another Rs 7 lakh at his office. Apart from the cash, substantial gold was also found in his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257739", "title": "Heavy rains likely in Bhopal in next few days", "text": "BHOPAL: More rains are in the offing in the state, including the capital Bhopal, in the next few days. Weather system that led to heavy rains in Mumbai and parts of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh regions during the last 48 hours has moved towards Madhya Pradesh, indicating the possibility of heavy rains.The showers on Tuesday are an indication of the weather pattern for the next few days, met officials said. The Meteorological department, Bhopal circle has said that there is a possibility of heavy rains at few places in Bhopal, Hoshangabad and Indore divisions in the next 48 hours beginning Tuesday evening.Bhopal records 3mm rainfallThe low pressure area developed over the Odisha coast would give widespread rains in many parts of the state, including Bhopal and Indore.Bhopal city recorded about 3.0 mm of rainfall till 5.30 pm on Tuesday while 1.8 mm of rainfall was recorded in past 24 hours till Tuesday morning.However, the temperature continued to remain on a higher side in Bhopal. The maximum temperature was recorded at 30.9 degrees C while the minimum temperature remained at 24.2 degrees C.There is a possibility of one or two spells of thundershowers during the afternoon and late hours in the city on Wednesday, the weatherman said, adding that a few places coming under Bhopal, Indore and Hoshangabad divisions may even get heavy rainfall during next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16260219", "title": "Railways asks hospital to repay mishap victim", "text": "MUMBAI: A private hospital in Vasai refunded Rs 22,000 to a railway accident victim, who was asked to cough up the expenses, despite the Western Railway having signed an agreement with the hospital to bear costs of emergency treatment.On September 3, TOI had reported about the plight of the victim, Kinjal Makhani, after she fell off a local train and fractured both her arms.WR has empanelled five private hospitals between Virar and Dahisar, where mishap victims can be rushed to. Patients are to be taken to Bhagwati Hospital , Borivli, once they are stabilized . This was done to ensure that victims get treatment within the \"golden hour.\"According to the agreement signed with with Golden Park Hospital, WR has to bear emergency treatment costs of the victim , once relevant bills are submitted to it by the hospital at the end of the month. Sandeep Silas, division general manager of the Mumbai division , confirmed to TOI that the hospital had been asked to reimburse the treatment cost paid by the Makhanis.\"An apology letter was also given to us,\" Kinjal's father said. \"Also, Kinjal, who was on a waiting list for a surgery at Bhagwati Hospital, will be operated upon on Wednesday. The TOI article made a big difference.\"Last week, Kinjal, who was standing near the door of a train compartment, fell off between Bhayander and Naigaon stations. Doctors asked her to undergo a CT scan and prescribed antibiotics. Kinjal's family had to pay Rs 22,000 after a railway official allegedly told them that the WR would pay only for the CT scan and for the first 24 hours of treatment.An official said, \"An inquiry is being conducted to check whether the hospital has been charging railway victims and railway authorities. If found guilty, WR will de-empanel it.\"Inquiry orderedA n inquiry was initiated by WR general manager Mahesh Kumar into the denial of admission to Suman Singh, daughter of an IRCTC official, to Jagjivan Ram Hospital . TOI reported this in its September 2 edition. The hospital authorities had argued that after her marriage , Suman was not dependent on her father and hence cannot be admitted . Suman, who met with an accident on August 23, was admitted to Bombay Hospital and underwent surgeries on her ankle.Times View: Be sensitive to victims' problemsA little more sensitivity is needed in handling railway accident victims in a city where close to 4,000 people die on the tracks every year. The Jagjivan Ram Hospital's refusal to treat a patient, taking advantage of outdated rules (reported by this paper on Sunday morning), and this present case show the same extreme insensitivity to a typical Mumbai problem. The DRM's gesture in the Vasai case is welcome but both WR and CR should take note of these recurring problems and prevent repeats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16259988", "title": "Sloppy rehab plan leaves slumfolk in dire straits", "text": "Nashik: The slum rehabilitation scheme under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) at Ganjamal is way past its deadline for completion. While, to be completed well after the deadline.the contractor said that it acquired the site to begin work got that they got the site only recently, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has extended the date of completion.The beneficiaries, in the meanwhile, have been living in a sorry state at the transit camp, with the most glaring difficulty being the absence of a drainage system. Open gutters that start at residents' doorsteps, not only emanate a stink but are also a breeding ground for mosquitoes. \"No civic official visited our camp since we were shifted here. We are contemplating a protest march to the district collector's officeon September 5We are living in very bad conditions with no proper system for drainage or for collecting garbage. This is health hazard,\" said Ranuji Gaikwad, a resident. \"You can see the dirty water in front of our housesThere are children in every house, it is very unhygienic for them,\" said another resident Rukmini Ghaitadak. The NMC had proposed six buildings, each with 80 flats. taking the total tenements to 460. \"But locals people there created land acquisition problems, so the NMC has now decided to construct only one building,\" said Sanjay Patkar of Pawar-Patkar Constructions, the contractor for the housing scheme. \"We got the site on our place at the transit camp on April 9 this year, after which we had to remove the electric poles and clean the land to prepare it for construction. We were given the location got the location place much after the completion deadline. The work order was given to us on March 18, 2010 and we had to complete the work by March 17, 2012,\" Patkar said. The date for completion has now been extended to December 31, 2013 by the NMC. the general body meeting on January 2, 2012. The contractor said that after the transit camp was created, the NMC requested the company to also them to provide equip the site them with electricity. \"We transferred old meters to the new place and wrote letter to the MSEDCL for power supply. We also paid Rs 5.97 lakh on behalf of the beneficiaries, who had not paid their electricity bills for a year,\" said Patkar. Last month, local corporators Sufi Jin (NCP) and Sameena Memon (Congress) visited the site and reviewed the issue with municipal commissioner Sanajy Khandare thereafter. showed a power point presentation to the municipal commissioner on the issue. Sanjay Khandare. \"From two years onwards the housing scheme has been on a standstill. The transit camp is in a very pitiable condition and people are forced to stay there till the housing scheme is completed. They should at least get proper facilities. We have shown it to the municipal commissioner and he said he would look into the matter,\" said Sufi Jin. Superintending engineer of the NMC's Public Works Department, Sunil Khune, while agreeing that land acquisition was a problem and delayed the completion of the housing scheme, he said that the work was in good progress now and would be completed by the stipulated time. The contractors appeal that the NMC should first acquire land and then give the contract to make things easy for them, the contractors and the people concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257307", "title": "Binwani group surrenders Rs 3.5 crore", "text": "INDORE: The Khandwa-based industrial house, Binwani Group, has surrendered a sum of Rs 3.5 crore of undisclosed income before the sleuths of the income tax (I-T) department post two-day survey conducted by the department.The surrendered amount includes the sum of Rs 1 crore, surrendered by the group owned sugar factory in Indore, namely Sai Sales Enterprises.he survey came to a close on Tuesday, he added. Some of the concerns owned by the group that were raided during the I-T department's survey include edible oil, grains, Hero Honda showroom and a jewellery showroom. About 15-20 officials of the department were involved in the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258400", "title": "Funds crunch hits BPL housing scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the Centre is trying to curb expenditure, one of the government's key programmes \u2014 Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) \u2014 aimed at people living below the poverty has been hit hard, thanks to severe funds crunch.With the finance ministry holding back a proposal by the rural development ministry to increase the central funds for houses to be built for BPL families under the IAY scheme, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has decided to take up the matter with finance minister P Chidambaram. Ramesh has written to Chidambaram saying that he would like to meet him in person to resolve the issue.The letter, written a day after the expenditure finance committee's (EFC) meeting failed to approve the proposal to increase the amount to Rs 75,000 per unit from the existing Rs 45,000, Ramesh said that he is \"personally very disappointed\". \"I need to meet you very soon to resolve it at our level...\" he wrote to Chidamabaram.Quoting the Planning Commission's recommendation in its 2011 report, for Rs 75,000 per unit, Ramesh wrote, \"... the MoRD is proposing to increase the unit cost to Rs 75,000 (per unit) for normal areas and Rs 80,000 for hilly areas and difficult plus Rs 9,000 for constructing a toilet. This is based on a scientific study made in 2009 by made in 2009 by Central Building Research Institute, Roorkee, in five different zones of the country, which indicates that construction cost of a house with latrine would range from Rs 98,000 to Rs 1.44 lakh.\"The IAY is a scheme under which the Centre and the state share the cost for BPL housing in 75: 25 ratio.Ramesh said, \"the matter was discussed in the meeting of the EFC held on August 30, 2012. Unfortunately, I understand that no agreement could be reached...\"\"IAY is an essential pillar of our government's inclusive growth strategy as well as of our government's commitment to the empowerment of weaker sections of society,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16260064", "title": "Secret report warns of Taliban strikes in heart of Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's interior ministry has warned authorities that a group of Taliban militants plans to carry out attacks on targets in Islamabad and Rawalpindi, including the prison where LeT members charged with involvement in the Mumbai attacks are being held.A secret report circulated by the National Crisis Management Cell of the interior ministry contains \"specific warnings of terror attacks\" by around 16 members of the banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan over the next two weeks, The Express Tribune quoted its sources as saying.The report, sent to all provincial home departments, provincial and federal police departments and the Islamabad's commissioner, said Adiala Jail in Rawalpindi is likely to be the \"main target\" of the militants who intend to \"free their accomplices in a prison break\" . LeT operational commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, one of the masterminds of the 2008 Mumbai attack is currently being held at Adiala Jail.Western and Indian intelligence sources had earlier confirmed that Lakhvi had access to mobile phones within the prison and was in touch with other LeT operatives to direct the group's operations.The Taliban militants, who are \"highly trained and reported to be currently residing in Attock\" in Punjab, are expected to simultaneously target government installations and attempt kidnapping some high-profile people in Islamabad and Rawalpindi , the daily said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258963", "title": "Policy for disabled to become reality soon in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: A new policy for persons with disability will become a reality in the state soon. Sources in social welfare department said the policy would ensure three per cent fund allotment for uplift of people with disability in their annual budget. There are four lakh people with disability certified in Jharkhand. The policy is being framed under the People's with Disability Act 1995 (PWD Act).\"If this policy comes into effect it will be called \"Opportunity Protection of Rights and Full Participation Act\". The policy will be finalized within two to three weeks by the state cabinet,\" said state disability commissioner Satish Chandra.\"The main objective behind the policy is that the PWD Act is implemented effectively at the ground level. Apart from that we also want that the disabled get connected with the mainstream society. If this happens then it will be a good step taken by the government for such people who really need help. Now all the departments, whether it human resource department or health department, will have to spend for their welfare,\" Chandra said.People with disability will be able to avail the schemes of the state government in a proper manner. The salient feature of the policy is that the disabled will be able to get benefit in various sectors like education, health, employment, poverty alleviation etc which was beyond their reach earlier. Now under of this policy they can easily benefit from the schemes.\"As far as education is concerned we'll try our best that whether it's a private or government institute the disabled are able to get the equal opportunity so that they can be on a par with the mainstream society,\" Chandra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258377", "title": "High Court tells school bus operators to fall in line", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday indicated to school bus operators that it was time to make travel safe for children. The school bus policy came into effect on September 1. \"Everybody should now fall in line,\" said a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed. \"Every parent is concerned about the safety of their children when they go to school and this is of paramount importance,\" added the judges.The advocate for the transporters who had filed the petition vehemently sought an order restraining the authorities from initiating any coercive action. \"At the first hearing we did not pass any order asking the authorities not to take coercive action, we are not going to do so now,\" said Justice Chandrachud, while scheduling the petition challenging the state's school bus policy for further hearing on September 10.Government pleader D A Nalawade submitted the state's affidavit defending the policy. The affidavit by joint transport commissioner Satish Sahasrabudhe said the provision for an additional exit door, which had been opposed by the bus operators, was dropped in the final policy. He said the speed governor issue was awaiting a final decision by the state and that bus operators were required to sign contracts with schools and provide female attendants on buses. to ensure the safety of children.He said the provision for fire extinguishers was recommended by the fire department.Sources said the RTOs are going slow on bus operators as they are awaiting the court's final order. Once the RTO launches its drive, each erring bus operator will have to pay a fine of up to Rs 4,000, sources said.State transport commissioner V N More told TOI, told TOI the department was awaiting the court's verdict.\"As of now, we have not initiated any major drive to check school buses, but may do so in the coming weeks.\"An operator said almost 75% of the buses have made the required modifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore/hassan", "code": "16256827", "title": "London Paralympics: Girisha Hosanagara Nagarajegowda's leap of faith", "text": "BANGALORE/HASSAN: The Indian tri-colour went up for the first time in the London Paralympics when high jumper H N Girisha, born on the Republic Day in 1988, leapt to a silver medal in the men's high jump at the Olympic Stadium on Tuesday morning.Competing in the F42 class meant for athletes with an impairment that affects their arms or legs, the 24-year-old son of a daily wage labourer, cleared a career-best height of 1.74m to bag the silver medal to make his countrymen, the people in his hometown Hosanagaraand and his dad Nageraje Gowda proud.Girisha, who quit his bank job six months back to focus fully on his training, and the other two medal winners - gold winner Iliesa Delana of Fiji and Lukasz Mamcarz of Poland - all cleared the same height but Girisha lost the gold on count back.Girisha who began with a clearance of 1.60m, sailed over 1.65 and 1.68 on his first attempts but stumbled when the bar was raised to 1.71m.Though the Indian cleared it on his second attempt and went past 1.74m on his first attempt, Delana clinched the gold having cleared all the heights on his first try. Both Girisha and Delana tried to scale 1.77m but failed.The Pole settled for the bronze as he c1.74 on his last attempt.\"It is a dream come true. I was in New Delhi to meet the President when Sushil Kumar won the silver medal and his performance motivated me.In fact, I felt motivated whenever I saw an athlete winning a medal at the Olympics,\" Girisha told TOI from London as he got ready for the medal ceremony.The star athlete said his training in SAI South Centre alongside Olympian Sahana Kumari , under the guidance of Russian coach Evgeny Nikitin, gave him a lot of confidence.\"I knew I could win a medal if I managed my best. The training at the SAI centre helped me a lot and Sahana also had a big role - she called me last night to give me tips,\" Girisha said.Son of Nageraje and Jayamma, Girish excelled in sports both in school and college and his first big win came six years back when he climbed the podium during the World junior championships in Ireland.Soon he moved to Bangalore looking for a job and joined a new generation bank after getting trained with the help of Samarthanam Trust for the Disabled.In January this year, he won a medal in an international meet in Kuwait and bagged one more in the Malaysian Para meet in April.\"I never expected my son could do this. When he was a kid, the doctor told me he needed a surgery to correct his disability but I got scared and refused.It was also because we couldn't afford the costs of the operation. But now I know I made a huge mistake. And look at him, he has made proud with his achievement,\" Nageraje said, tears welling up in his eyes.\"We couldn't support him well as we are repaying a bank loan of Rs 3.50 lakh taken for my daughter's marriage and for building a new house. At times we even struggled to make ends meet but I can forget all that.This victory has given us a lot of happiness,\" added the father. Girisha's heroic feat helped India jump to 53rd place in the medal's tally. China is leading with 116 medals (48 gold, 32 silver and 36 bronze).(With inputs from Alvin Mendonca)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259102", "title": "Teaching taught him life's lessons", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Manas Primary School at Vallabhipur was set up and run almost single-handedly by Ajitsinh Solanki till he retired a year and a half ago.It all happened when Solanki witnessed an accident in the village. A six-year-old girl, while trying to cross the road to reach her school, was run over by a bus and died. That is when Solanki decided that the village needed a school closer to the village, where poor families reside.Solanki then approached Morari Bapu for donation, who mentioned the same in one of his Katha in England. \"A Gujarati from England donated Rs 1 lakh for the school, which made me feel that I had won a lottery,\" said Solanki.Another donor from the village gave Rs 1 lakh and in 1991, Solanki first started a school in a rented house which was attended by 36 boys from Mafatnagar slum in Vallabhipur.In 1994, Solanki received the President's Award for Teachers, which encouraged him further. By 1997, Solanki raised Rs 25 lakh as donation and built 13 classrooms out of them. In 2001, another school was set up, this time for girls. Besides teaching, Solanki used to maintain the school and its premises by watering the plants and keeping the surroundings clean.A person from Bhavnagar donated Rs 21 lakh, which was used to build the school for girls. At present, 350 girls attend the school. Till date, Solanki has raised Rs 65 lakh as donation for the schools.\"While the government has helped, it has all happened due to people's efforts. One can excel in the teaching profession only with dedication and by giving love to students,\" said Solanki, who wanted to be an actor.\"My father passed away when I was two-and-a-half years old. My mother brought me up with the income generated from crushing chillies. It was the autobiography of Paramahansa Yogananda that inspired me to become a teacher,\" said Solanki, who now runs a nursery for children near the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16261558", "title": "Very rare spider spotted in Kerala", "text": "Researchers working with the Arachnology Division of the Department of Zoology at Christ College, Irinjalakuda in the district have discovered a very rare species of spider.THRISSUR: Dr Sudhikumar AV, an arachnologist of the department, said they found a cryptothela, a very rare spider, from the jungles of Thommankuth waterfalls near Thodupuzha recently.\"The first person to discover cryptothela was a British arachnologist Dr Pocock way back in 1890. Finding of a cryptothela in Thommankuth waterfalls area by Dr Sudhikumar is the first such incident recorded in the history. The findings will be published in the Journal of Arachnology, an international scientific magazine published by American Arachnological Society,\" said Dr Sudhikumar.He added that according to the law of science, a species which is not seen for more than century is considered extinct. \"Due to its muddy appearance, it exhibits camouflage. Hence it is very difficult to distinguish cryptothela from its natural habitat. Along with this characteristic feature, it also exhibits catalepsy (mimicking death due to unfavourable conditions). So, it is not an easy task to distinguish this spider from its natural habitat, added Dr Sudhikumar.The cryptothela discovered by Dr Pocock was a male one while the one discovered by Dr Sudhikumar is female. One of the characteristic features of this spider is the presence of the white-coloured triangular shaped-egg sac. The name cryptothela itself symbolizes its cryptic nature which occurs due to its muddy appearance. Sized almost like a small beetle, this spider mainly feeds on insects and worms present in the leaf litter.Adarsh CK of the College of Forestry of the Kerala Agricultural University, Thrissur also actively participated in the study.The Zoology department of the college runs a museum where about 400 species of spiders collected from various parts of the State are lodged over the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259639", "title": "IIM-B graduate makes the best out of waste", "text": "BANGALORE: This IIM-B graduate dumped high-profile corporate job offers to pursue his passion to create something useful out of waste. Now, as co-founder of Green Power, 29-year-old Mainak Chakraborty isn't worried that he opted out of the IIM-B placements in 2010.His company is working within the campus of a private college in Bommanahalli , where kitchen waste is converted into cooking gas. Every day, over 75 kg of wet waste is processed and about 7 kg of LPG is generated on a daily basis.\"Even in a space of 150 sq m, we can set up our plant. We specialize in wet waste management. From every tonne, we can produce 200 units of electricity. If BBMP gives us some place within its dry waste collection centre , we are ready to work. We would like to work with NGOs who are into dry and wet waste collection centres ,\" Chakraborty told TOI.In the past one-and-a-half years, Chakraborty interacted with many solid waste management experts who gave technical advice to help him start the waste-to-energy plant. His firm was picked as one of the 50 most promising startups across the world in 2011, by the Global Entrepreneurship Week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16256829", "title": "Google brings voice navigation to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google on Tuesday launched its much-awaited navigation service in India. The feature, available on Android phones and tablets for free, would allow travelers, whether they are driving or walking, to get directions to a place through turn-by-turn voice instructions.While Navigation app was always a feature of Android phones in India, the service was not supported officially. It used to show just the route and lacked support for voice instructions. Currently, the Navigation feature is in beta and Google tells users to exercise caution while using it.We tested the app as soon as it went live and found it to be very accurate. In case of any deviation by a user in the middle of the way, the app automatically reroutes the coordinates. There are various options. Users can select whether they want walking instructions or driving directions. They can add or remove layers to change view from basic to the one that is more detailed. They can also save routes.Navigation, that uses GPS chips in a device, is one of the most popular features among smartphone and tablet users across the world. In India, however, only Nokia offered this service on its high-end phones for free. TomTom and MapMyIndia were among other companies that provided the navigation service through paid apps.Several third-party apps like Waze, available on both iPhone and Android devices, offered the service for free though they were not as accurate as Nokia Maps or Google Navigation.Given the importance of navigation and map related features, Google is quietly bolstering its offerings in India. Along with the navigation, it also offers basic map services and Local, which is a kind of dynamic directory of notable places around a user.Recently, the company brought Transit to several Indian cities. Transit, which uses the data supplied by public transport authorities like Delhi Metro, allows a user to get information on routes covered by public transport and the time at which buses or trains can be boarded. Transit is available in several areas of Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Ahmedabad.The turn-by-turn navigation may help Android devices stay ahead of iPhone in India. Apple, which recently decided to not use Google Maps in its devices, would be using its own map service in iOS 6. However, building an efficient map service takes time, especially in a country like India where roads and routes are not as organized as they are in the US or European countries. Both Nokia and Google have spent years perfecting their map service in India and it may take a while before Apple could match them here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16255837", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations to go green in city this year", "text": "SURAT: This year it will 100 per cent green Ganesh Utsav in the diamond city. Not a single Ganesh idol will be made of Plaster of Paris (POP). Ganesh Utsav, which starts on September 19, will conclude after ten days.There will be at least 25,000 Ganesh idols on display and around 8,000 Ganesh pandals in the city.\"We have started a campaign of tree plantation along with Ganesh Utsav. Nearly 25,000 new trees will be planted,\" said Anil Biscuitwala, president, Surat Ganesh Utsav Mandal.The mandal has set up offices at Bhagal, Katargam, Varacha , Limbayat, Udhna, Rander-Adajan, Sachin and Parle Point for distribution of the saplings to the devotees.\"We are keeping a tab on people preparing idols from POP. We will register a case against them. We will ensure that there are no POP idols this year in the city. We are also encouraging the trend of metal idols. These can be symbolically immersed,\" said Biscutwala.Raman Lonari of Surat Murtikar Sangh, said, \"We use dry grass to make a firm base for the idol. If the whole idol is made up of clay, it would become too heavy.\"A one feet idol is selling at Rs 3000. A 9-feet idol, the maximum height permissible, is selling for 40,000.Jivan Singh, also an idol maker, said, \"These rates are not much. The labour charges have shot up. Previously we used to make five idols in a day.\"A large number of organizers have started to erect their pandals in preparation for the utsav. This has resulted in a lot of narrow lanes being blocked in the walled city areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258194", "title": "Housing body meet fails to shed light on VAT row", "text": "MUMBAI: Developers sought clarity on the mechanism to levy value-added tax (VAT) on those who purchased flats between 2006 and 2010 and to refund the excess amount at the annual general body meeting of Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) that was held on Tuesday.\"I want to know whether I can compute the levy building-wise instead of individual flat agreements. It would ease my administrative load,\" said a leading developer, who attended the meeting. The developer along with two others has sought a meeting with the state finance minister and sales tax commissioner next week.Some developers said they still have to sit with their accountants to decide which of the three VAT schemes (framed by the sales tax department) will be profitable to compute VAT. \"It will depend on factors like the quantum of set-offs that the authorities will give me if I have purchased lands at historic values. Will they give me a 100% set-off or deduct the land cost as per ready reckoner rates? Accordingly, I will decide whether to add 10% or 15% profit on the cost of material for computing VAT,\" said another leading developer.MCHI president Paras Gundecha, \"Confusion has arisen as VAT calculations are varying among developers with some charging 0.5% while others 3%. We are bound to refund the excess amount to the buyers, but we have time till October 31 to make the payment. We hope the government clears the confusion in the next few days and introduces a uniform tax structure.\"The government is yet to clarify whether it would accept a certificate by an architect to prove the building is ready, said some developers. In several cases, buildings are ready but the civic body takes time to issue an occupation or a completion certificate. The sales tax department construes the building as under-construction.Over 2,000 buildings do not have completion certificates (CC) as developers have not fulfilled some clauses when they were got construction permissions. Developers said they sold flats without the civic body's CC as it takes a lot of time. \"The fee for a CC is miniscule so we do not fret if the civic body forfeits it,\" said a builder.saw developers affiliated to the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) seeking more clarity from authorities. I want to know whether it is possible to compute the levy building wise instead of individual flat agreements. It would help ease my administrative load,'' said a leading developer, who attended the Annual General Body meeting of the Maharshtra Chamber of Housing Industry. The developer along with two others has sought a meeting with the state finance minister and sales tax commissioner next week.Some developers said they still have to sit with their accountants to decide which of the three schemes (framed by the sales tax department) will be profitable to compute VAT. The decision will depend on factors like the quantum of set off authorities will give me if I have purchased the land at historic values. Will they give me 100 per cent set off or deduct the land cost as per ready reckoner rates? Accordingly, I will decide whether to add 10 per cent or 15 per cent profit on the cost of material for computing VAT,'' said another leading developer.Some developers said that the government have yet to clarify whether it would accept a certificate by the architect that the building is ready. According to developers, there are numerous cases wherein the building is ready but as the civic body takes time to issue occupation or the completion certificate, the sales tax department construes the building as under-construction and levies a hefty tax.There are over 2,000 buildings which do not have completion certificate (CC) as no developer fulfills some clauses when he is granted permission to construct a building. Incidentally, developers said they usually sell flats without waiting for the civic body to grant CC. Not only they take a lot of time to grant CC, the fee we pay for granting CC is miniscule that we do not fret if the civic body forfeits it,'' said a developer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16258696", "title": "Odisha man arrested in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Hanumant Kumar Patra, 20, from Odisha was arrested by the Ponda police late Tuesday afternoon in connection with temple thefts at Ponda and Panaji. While patrolling, the police detained Patra on suspicion late Monday night.Collem police inspector Jivba Dalvi who is holding temporary charge of the Ponda police station revealed that the boy has confessed his involvement in four thefts including three in Panaji and one at Banastarim. The police have also recovered 5 ve divlyo (traditional brass lamps) and a DVD player worth 25,000 from him, Dalvi said. The accused had been residing at Adcolna-Banastarim in Ponda for the last 11 months.\"As he has confessed, we are now investigating his involvement in other cases and probing to know whether he is working with someone else\" said Dalvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16257786", "title": "Gujarat seeks death for Ode killing accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has sought death sentence in its appeal against 27 people, sentenced to life by an Anand court for their involvement in the 2002 Ode massacre. Two appeals were filed before a division bench headed by Justice R R Tripathi in the Gujarat high court on Tuesday. This is the first time that the state government has asked for capital punishment in post-Godhra riot cases.The 27 were convicted for their involvement in two separate massacres in Ode in which 26 people were killed. The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) and the victims have also sought to enhance the punishment. The state government was late by almost 40 days in filing its appeal in the Piriwali Bhagol case of Ode, in which 23 people were killed, but requested the high court to condone the delay.In all 23 people were convicted for the Pirawali Bhagol killings and 18 were sentenced to life for criminal conspiracy and murder by special judge Poonam Singh. The state government has sought capital punishment for these 18.In the second incident at Ode, another three people were killed at Malav Bhagol and nine people were given life terms for whom too the government wants death sentence, said state government special prosecutor J M Panchal. Both incidents had taken place on March 1, 2002. Besides, the government, the SIT and the victims have challenged the acquittal of the 53 people in the two cases.Earlier, the state government had asked for death sentences for 20 men convicted of setting fire to the S-6 coach of the Sabarmati Express in Godhra that triggered the anti-Muslim riots.The state government moved the HC in connection with Sardarpura massacre case, wherein convicts were awarded life imprisonment, but has not sought death sentence for them.The Ode convicts have also moved the high court challenging their conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258350", "title": "Quota in promotions for SCs, STs: Centre's nod divides govt employees in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Centre's approval to the Bill for amending constitutional provisions to provide reservation for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (SC/ST) in promotions in government services has divided over 18 lakh government employees in Uttar Pradesh on caste lines.Employees in opposition have announced to strike work on Wednesday under the banner of Sarvajan Hitai Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSS), whereas employees who supporting quota have under Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti (ABSS) have welcomed the decision and announced to put in extra four hours of work to make up for the loss due to strike called by the rival faction. The two groups have been at the loggerheads since long. On Tuesday, both held separate meetings and announced their course of action.SHSS president Shailendra Dubey announced that around 18 lakh employees of the UP government, barring those in emergency services, would observe strike tomorrow against union government move. The employees would stage protest meetings against the move at the district-level and also in the state capital. Dubey said that the reservation in promotion is an attempt to disturb the basic structure of the Constitution and encroach upon the right to equality. He added that there have been four attempts in the past to amend the Indian Constitution and this is the fifth, which three crore employees of India would not tolerate.However, RK Dohere, secretary, ABSS, said that seven lakh employees supporting quota in promotions will work four hours extra on Wednesday, not only to compensate for the loss due to strike call by the rivals, but also to express their joy over the union government's move. \"After the meeting, we have decided that, if required, we will create a control room to carry out emergency services for the people,\" he added. The ABSS has also supported reservation for the other backward classes (OBCs) in the reservation. He said that the ABSS will continue to fight till the constitutional amendment bill is passed by the Parliament.The SHSS was formed in 2007 when Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government in the state introduced reservation in promotions in state government jobs. The decision of the state government was struck down by the High Court in 2011. However, the state government challenged the high court decision in the Supreme Court. It was during this period, the ABSS was formed. But the apex court upheld high court's order in April this year. In the meantime, the Samajwadi Party (SP) came to power. Acting on the Supreme Court's order, the SP government scrapped quota in promotions and amended the service rules.The amendment was later approved by the UP state legislative assembly. However, it was rejected by the legislative council where the BSP is still in majority. The BSP members, however, while voting against the amendment demanded that state government should press the central government for constitutional amendment to provide quota facility in promotions. They pointed out that the BSP chief, Mayawati , had already demanded in Rajya Sabha for amendment in the constitution. However, after assembly and council sessions were over, the SP government brought an ordinance scrapping the quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16259362", "title": "PAG interim report on PU not based on facts: VC", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said most of the audit objections raised by the office of the principal auditor general (PAG) in its interim report were not based on facts and were aimed at maligning the PU image. He was also critical of the 'malicious' campaign launched against him by a section of media by publishing the content of the interim report.Talking to newsmen on Tuesday, Singh wondered as to how media could publish a report which was not authenticated even by the PAG. The PAG, in its letter issued to PU, has itself declared that it disclaims any responsibility for any misinformation or non-information on the part of the audit team. The university was preparing its reply to the objections and it would be sent to the PAG by September 12, he said.The VC said the audit objections raised covered past several years and 99% of them were not related to his tenure. He joined the university only in August last year. He clarified that not a single paisa had been paid so far to any firm for undertaking the computerized evaluation of answer-sheets and that he visited Mahabalipuram to attend the VCs' meeting on the invitation of the Association of Indian Universities.Singh said ever since he has joined PU, he has been trying his best to ensure its all-round development by upgrading its infrastructure and introducing innovative schemes like entrance test for undergraduate courses. PU is the only university to introduce semester system in all its PG courses. The university is also obtaining feedback from students on the performance of their teachers with a view to improving the teaching-learning process. The UGC schemes of examination reforms were also being implemented in the university. Computerized evaluation of answer-sheets of BSc and BCom honours students and the online display of evaluated answer-sheets had been introduced for the first time, making the entire examination system transparent, he claimed.The VC said steps had already been initiated to hold elections to the university students' union as per the recommendations of Lyngdoh Committee. A committee has been constituted to frame the guidelines for conducting the elections on the pattern of Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University , he said.PU pro-VC J P Singh, registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav, proctor Kriteshwar Prasad, students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad and financial adviser were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16259802", "title": "Lankan pilgrims: Political parties should behave responsibly", "text": "The kind of hatred being whipped up against ordinary Sri Lankans in Tamil Nadu deserves the strongest condemnation.It is understandable that Tamils are upset about the manner in which people from their ethnic community have suffered in the neighbouring country over several decades.However, to retaliate for that against school children who have come over to play a football match or against pilgrims is not acceptable.Political parties in the state have to shoulder much of the blame for the extent to which the temperature has been raised on this issue. They should realise that while they play their game of one-upmanship, they could be doing serious damage that will have a lasting impact.Related story:  India breaks silence, assures Lankans safety", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257756", "title": "Landlady's death most unfortunate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Bindapur killings and the double murder in Bhojpur, Ghaziabad, have sent shock waves across both neighbourhoods. Residents say Sheila, the landlady who was killed, was the most unfortunate of the lot. \"She was a helpful woman who was popular among neighbours. It was courageous of her to come to a tenant's aid after hearing the gun shots,\" said Jeevan Ram, a local.Cops said that Ravi could have escaped after murdering Renu if the maid had not arrived 20 minutes before. \"She came in and noticed the blood around. She went down and called Sheila but didn't come back upstairs. Her statement will be a crucial piece of evidence for us,\" said an officer.Most Bindapur residents said they were not familiar with Navin's family as he had shifted to the locality just two months ago. They just knew that three men and a woman had moved into the house. The third person in question is Navin's elder brother. \"We heard a few arguments but couldn't imagine the gravity of the situation,\" said Ravi.They also said had the police located Navin's body in time, three lives could have been saved. They could have chased the Santro Ravi was driving, in turn preventing the Ghaziabad murders. In a protest measure, some locals set a police bike on fire after Navin's body was found.Meanwhile, Ghaziabad villagers could not believe that Ravi could be involved in such a heinous crime. Most supported Renu's family. \"Two daughters fell in love with two youths of the same family. This is not what they had expected,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257527", "title": "\u2018Disappointed\u2019 Jairam seeks audience with Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the Centre is trying to curb expenditure, one of the government's key programmes \u2014 Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) \u2014 aimed at people living below the poverty has been hit hard, thanks to severe funds crunch.With the finance ministry holding back a proposal by the rural development ministry to increase the central funds for houses to be built for BPL families under the IAY scheme, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has decided to take up the matter with finance minister P Chidambaram. Ramesh has written to Chidambaram saying that he would like to meet him in person to resolve the issue.The letter, written a day after the expenditure finance committee's (EFC) meeting failed to approve the proposal to increase the amount to Rs 75,000 per unit from the existing Rs 45,000, Ramesh said that he is \"personally very disappointed\". \"I need to meet you very soon to resolve it at our level...\" he wrote to Chidamabaram.Quoting the Planning Commission's recommendation in its 2011 report, for Rs 75,000 per unit, Ramesh wrote, \"... the MoRD is proposing to increase the unit cost to Rs 75,000 (per unit) for normal areas and Rs 80,000 for hilly areas and difficult plus Rs 9,000 for constructing a toilet. This is based on a scientific study made in 2009 by made in 2009 by Central Building Research Institute, Roorkee, in five different zones of the country, which indicates that construction cost of a house with latrine would range from Rs 98,000 to Rs 1.44 lakh.\"The IAY is a scheme under which the Centre and the state share the cost for BPL housing in 75: 25 ratio.Ramesh said, \"the matter was discussed in the meeting of the EFC held on August 30, 2012. Unfortunately, I understand that no agreement could be reached...\"\"IAY is an essential pillar of our government's inclusive growth strategy as well as of our government's commitment to the empowerment of weaker sections of society,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16257339", "title": "Ghaziabad substation under RWA fire", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Residents of Indirapuram are up in arms against the construction of a power substation on a 'green belt' adjoining a housing society near NH-24. The Gaur Green City RWA has managed to get a stay order on the project from the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on health and environmental grounds. UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited (UPPTCL), which is building the project, has on the other hand argued that the project is being done in accordance with provisions contained in the Ghaziabad Development Authority Master Plan 2021 to mitigate the power crisis of the city.The tribunal imposed a stay order on the project on July 24 after a case was filed by Gaur Green City RWA of Indirapuram. UPPTCL, which is building the 400KV gas-insulated substation over an area of 40,000 sqm has demanded lifting of the stay order, arguing that the work is being done to solve power crisis of the area in accordance with provisions contained in the GDA master plan.Residents allege that clearance was not taken for the project under the Environment Protection Act, 1986. They also allege that a study to assess health impacts of the high-voltage substation on residents living in close proximity was not conducted. Besides they allege that over 5,000 saplings planted in the green belt by the GDA in 2009-10, and followed up with a similar number under a plantation drive undertaken by residents, have been weeded out to make way for the project. The green belt separates Indirapuram from NH-24.\"There would be major harm to the health of residents from electro-magnetic radiation from the substation,\" said RWA general secretary, Maneesh Gupta. \"We have found through research that prevalence of childhood leukaemia and other forms of cancer are high in localities with high-voltage power projects,\" added Gupta.The power transmission corporation, which claims that the substation would help suffice electricity needs of areas including Vasundhara, Kaushambi and Indirapuram, has found its hands tied in the absence of alternative sites for the project.\"We would be unable to supply adequate electricity to Ghaziabad, which is already reeling under a power crisis, if the project does not materialize,\" said SP Ram, superintending engineer of UPPTCL, Ghaziabad.Even though a number of 33KV substations are already functional over this particular green belt, residents are particularly opposed to the high-capacity 400-KV substation. \"High-powered transmission lines would also run parallel to the housing societies once the substation is completed. The health impacts from this substation would be much greater than ordinary substations,\" said counsel for residents, Ravi Prakash Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258674", "title": "Beach malpractices now to be checked", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism department will soon appoint independent squads manned by department staff to curb malpractices on the beach and reduce problems faced by tourists, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said on Tuesday.Fending off questions on how the government intends to address other tourism-related issues, Parulekar said that the government will soon come out with a tourism policy in mid-September. The government will also come out with a policy on beach shacks and water sports, Parulekar said, but declined to elaborate as the policies are still being drafted.Speaking on the sidelines of a press conference, Parulekar said that though there were government squads to keep a check on malpractices on beaches, these comprised of Mamlatdars and personnel from other departments. The malpractices included playing loud music, putting excess sun beds on the beach, etc. Very often, the offenders were tipped off just before the earlier squads reached the beach. That is why, now, the squads will comprise staff of the tourism department and it will have independent charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar (up)", "code": "16260166", "title": "Six get life in Revati murder case", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR (UP): Six persons were on Tuesday handed life imprisonment by a local court in the murder case of Revati Singh, wife of senior BJP leader Hukum Singh.Additional district sessions judge Raj Bahadur also imposed a fine of Rs5,000 each on accused Shankar, Jashod, Ravi, Pradeep, Sunil and Ashok.Another accused Lallan was acquitted by the court due to lack of evidences.Revati Singh, 75, wife of the BJP leader in UP assembly, was murdered and Rs78 lakh in cash and ornaments were looted from their house here on July 30, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258987", "title": "US arms for Reds brought from Manipur: Cop", "text": "RANCHI: The CPI (Maoists) in Jharkhand, which has been on the back foot following the recent arrest and killing of many of its top leaders - including Kishenji - is trying to equip its firing squads with modern weapons. With landmines and bombs proving to be ineffective to keep security forces at bay, Reds have turned to sophisticated arms to protect their leaders during encounters. Maoists, who have long relied on cheaper weapons for ideological reasons, have traditionally been against the use of sophisticated arms.The arrest of arms supplier Prafulla Malakar on August 29 and the subsequent recovery of the powerful US-made Colt M16 rifle meant for Maoist zonal commander Anil Yadav was the first of its kind in the country. Widely used by the American army , the weapon could be handy for the outfit as its cartridge is of the same bore as those used in Insas rifles. Although the Maoists do not have enough ammunition for foreign-made weapons, they nevertheless have a huge stock of Insas cartridges they have looted from the police from time to time.IG (special branch) S N Pradhan said: \"We are certain that these arms were brought to Manipur by insurgent groups dominant there and later couriered to Jharkhand by individual groups in smaller consignments,\" he said, adding that the rebels had paid an advance of Rs 20-30 lakh for the deal to the Peoples' Liberation Army of Manipur. The cost of the entire deal could be around Rs 15-20 crore as suggested by the documents recovered from a Maoist camp in the forests of Saranda in West Singbhum a year ago.The recovery, which confirmed that PLA men were training Maoists in Saranda, also mentioned arms deals between the two outfits. \"Supply of more such arms also cannot be ruled out,\" police sources said.So far, Maoists were known to have Russian rocket launchers, which can cause damages within a radius of 25-50km, AK-47s and AK-56s and smaller Czech-made pistols. These are 'true to form' weapons dependable and sure to deliver. To add to these is the huge stock of arms and ammunition looted from the police, which include .303 and the Insas rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257649", "title": "Two killed, nine injured in 3 accidents on Pune-Mumbai expressway", "text": "PUNE: Two people were killed and nine others injured in three separate accidents on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on Tuesday.The injured include deputy collector and project officer of Sindhudurg district and two foreign nationals. They are being treated at a private hospital at Nigdi.The first accident took place around 1 am near Lonavla. Abhijit Satish Waydande (30) of Worli in Mumbai and Dipti Pramod Tawde (23) of Vikhroli, Mumbai, were killed after the car in which they were travelling hit a stationary truck. Three others, Rahul Pednekar (28), Suyog Bhalerao (28) and Vaishnavi Pote (22), all from Borivli, Mumbai, were severely injured.Investigating officer C N Malusare of the Lonavla police said that all five occupants of the car were performing artists and had come to Pimpri-Chinchwad on August 31 for various programmes. \"They were returning to Mumbai on Monday night when the accident occurred,\" Malusare said.Near Deole bridge, Waydande, who was at the wheel, lost control of the vehicle and hit a stationary truck. \"The car got stuck under the truck. We rushed to the spot and had to cut parts of the car to remove the people,\" Malusare said. He said the police had taken the injured to a private hospital in Nigdi.Another accident took place near Urse toll plaza in which deputy collector of Sindhudurg district Sushant Khandekar (32), project officer Ashok Sable (33) and driver Yogendra Kolapkar (28) were injured.The Talegaon Dabhade police said the car had rammed into a cement block. The officers were on their way to Mumbai to attend a meeting when the accident occurred. They are being treated in hospital and are out of danger.The third accident also occurred near the Urse toll plaza. Two Korean nationals and their driver were injured after the car in which they were travelling to Pune crashed into a divider on the Pune-Mumbai expressway early on Tuesday morning. Won Paul (43), Shin Con (42) and Purushottam Chitapure (25) are being treated in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258251", "title": "Coalgate: Dardas were directors in JLD prior to 2009", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress Rajya Sabha MP and media baron Vijay Darda, named in CBI's FIR for his alleged involvement in the coalgate scam, has a had role in JLD Yavatamal Energy, now run by the Jayaswal family. TOI is in possession of Darda's resignation letter from JLD Yavatmal.The offices and residences of the Darda family and the entire Jayaswal clan - father Basant Lal Shaw and three sons Arvind, Manoj and Ramesh - too were searched by the CBI team from New Delhi on Tuesday. Two other companies - Jas Infrastructure and AMR Iron and Steel - which are run by the Jayaswals too were raided. Significantly, top sources told TOI that AMR is an acronym for the Jayaswal brothers and JLD for Jawahar Lal Darda, Vijay's late father.It has been found that the facts related to the company's financial status and other details regarding its eligibility for getting a coal block from the government, were grossly overstated. The same charges apply to the other two companies too.Top sources told TOI that CBI sleuths, who conducted raids at different locations in the city and in Yavatmal, had in its possession several incriminating documents.Darda could not be reached for a comment. A missive to his office in Nagpur also went unanswered.The CBI team from Delhi had swooped down upon Darda's residence - the plush Yavatmal House in Rahate Colony off Wardha Road - early in the morning. The sources added that Lokmat Publication offices in Yavatmal and the house of Devendra Darda in Worli (Mumbai) too were searched. The Dardas run the Lokmat publishing house. Devendra is Vijay's son.JLD Yavatmal Energy, Jas Infrastructure and AMR Iron and Steel have Jayaswals at the helm. The Jayaswals are a prominent business family with Jayaswals NECO Limited as the flagship company and Basant Lal Shaw as the patriarch. The family is known to be close to Darda and several other top politicians form other parties.What apparently nailed the Congress MP was his association with JLD Yavatmal. Even though currently the company has BL Shaw's sons, Arvind and Ramesh as the directors apart from grandson Anand and his wife Karishma, Darda and his kin had held the posts earlier.Confirmation of Darda's earlier connection with JLD came from Shaw whose bungalow in tony Civil Lines too was searched by the CBI team. \"Vijay Darda, son Devendra and brother Rajendra were directors in the company but quit during 2009,\" he told TOI on Tuesday. Rajendra is the state education minister.The buzz in the market is that JLD was promoted by the Dardas, a fact that the Congress MP denied a couple of days ago after BJP MP Kirit Somaiya brought it up in a press conference in Mumbai.JLD Yavatmal has its office at Trimurty Nagar in Nagpur, which is predominantly a residential locality. It is housed at the first floor of a building in the middle class area.The other firm, Jas Infrastructure has flamboyant Manoj Jayaswal - Basant Lal's middle son - and his son Abhishekh among the directors. Manoj separated from the family business to start his own venture - the Abhijeet Group in 2005.While Jas has interests in road building business in Chhattisgarh , the Abhijeet Group has bagged several blocks in Jharkhand and Bihar. The company made headlines when it signed a $2.5 billion dollar with a Chinese firm to buy power plant equipment. Abhijeet's power plant in Mihan (Nagpur) is also already commissioned while two other plants are coming up in Jharkhand and Bihar.The Abhijeet Group's office in the upscale Landmark building on Wardha Road and some apartments in JP Chambers too came under the CBI scanner.Manoj is known for his flashy lifestyle. He recently acquired a Bombardier aeroplane, costing more than Rs100 crore, and is known to jet set abroad to host even family functions. Repeated calls to Manoj went unanswered. Airport sources said that Manoj had flown in his plane on Monday night.To the rest of the world, the Jayaswals are an estranged family but the unity is evident in the name AMR Iron and Steel. AMR's office is located in Jayaswal Neco's office in MIDC area in the outskirts of the city. AMR doesn't seem to be a limited company and could be just a partnership firm.The raid covered the Jayaswals bungalow at Civil Lines which is the official address of all the three brothers. Abhijeet Group's office at Landmark Building Ramdaspeth, its other office near Ambazari lake, residence at J P Chambers Byramji Town, apart from the nondescript office of JLD Yavatmal at Trimurty Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16256727", "title": "Three more beaches to adorn Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Three new beaches would be on the map of Visakha tourism by the end of this year as Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (VUDA) is planning to develop the beaches on the Visakha- Bheemili stretch soon.The beaches would be developed by adhering to the CRZ (Coastal Regulation Zones) rules, Vuda officials said.The Visakhapatnam urban development authority would provide basic infrastructure and facilities at the junction on the beach road at Rushikonda IT Park, Ramanaidu studio and the main entrance of Thotlakonda area.The vice-chairman of the urban development authority and his team inspected these areas on Tuesday. They said that the designs and proposals for the development of all the three proposed beaches would be submitted in a week to the authorities concerned.The municipal authorities would also provide parking and lighting facilities at these beaches and the beaches would be ready before the inauguration of the Visakha Utsav to be held in December this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259024", "title": "Low pressure rain boost for Kolkata, more on cards", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata woke up to an overcast sky and a steady drizzle on Tuesday morning. While it rained heavily in the morning, the downpour got lighter as the day progressed. Waterlogging was reported from various parts of north and central Kolkata, though the water receded quickly as the intensity of the showers decreased. The city recorded 38.9mm rainfall till 5.30pm.A low pressure along the Odisha coast triggered the rainfall, according to the Met office. It still exists and might intensify into a deep depression, it was predicted. \"Low pressures are essential for heavy rainfall in monsoon. More rains are expected on Wednesday. So far, we didn't have enough heavy rainfall this season.If the conditions remain favourable, we might have a depression that will lead to more rainfall,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director of meteorology.So far, it has been a dry monsoon in Kolkata. Even though north Bengal has been lashed by heavy rains, Gangetic Bengal has been relatively dry. Experts have blamed the lack of rainfall on the disappearance of low-pressure zones from north Bay of Bengal. There has been no low-pressure formation since May.The rainfall will be restricted to southern parts of Bengal, though, weathermen said. Areas to the south of Kolkata will receive heavy rainfall on Wednesday, it was predicted. \"Kolkata, too, shall have rainfall. But as of now, we see no possibility of rains in the districts to the north of Kolkata,\" added Pradhan.After a lull in the afternoon, the showers returned late in the evening. It rained intermittently till early on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16259417", "title": "HC dismisses review petition of 2 private medical colleges", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of Patna high court comprising Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikash Jain on Tuesday dismissed the review petition of Mata Gujari Medical College and Hospital, Kishanganj, and Katihar Medical College and Hospital, Katihar, challenging the order to take admission of 10 postgraduate medical students from the state quota after they had passed a competitive test.Earlier, both the medical colleges had moved Supreme Court challenging the order of Patna high court but the apex court dismissed the SLP directing them to file a review petition before the high court.Appearing for the medical colleges, a Supreme Court lawyer, Rajiv Dhawan, submitted that admission to PG medical courses from the state quota in the private medical colleges, which availed the benefit of minority status under constitutional provisions, could not be forced by the state government.Representing the respondent MG medical course aspirants, Dr Ranjeet Kumar and others, Rajendra Prasad Singh submitted that they had passed the competitive examinations conducted by the state government and on the basis of the state quota for admission they were entitled to admission to PG medical courses in the private medical colleges.Representing the state, additional advocate general Lalit Kishore and government pleader Prashant Pratap submitted that the review petition of the two medical colleges was not maintainable as under Regulation 9 of the Medical Council of India the private medical colleges have to take admission to PG medical courses from the state quota. They maintained that for maintenance of quality also the private medical colleges should admit from state quota the students who had passed the test conducted for the PG medical courses in the state.PIL for water supply: A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh, directed Patna Water Board to start work for sinking boring for water supply in Shiekhpura ward number 5 in Patna West in two weeks and give progress report to the court in four weeks. The order was passed on PIL of Arvind Kumar Verma. His counsel, Ram Naresh Sharma, submitted that due to political pressure the boring that was supposed to be sunk at ward number 5 had been sunk at ward number 4.Directive to AIR: The same bench directed All India Radio, Patna, to consider the representation of the petitioner, Subhash Prasad, for his appointment to the vacant post of driver. The petitioner's counsel, Janardan Prasad Singh, submitted that in 1999 the petitioner working on daily wage as driver had completed 279 days of service continuously and the AIR authorities had arbitrarily shifted his service to a private agency to deny him regularization of his services on completion of 280 days of continuous service as per the settled law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16259922", "title": "NCC\u2019s drives to make city greener", "text": "VARANASI: Cadets of 7 UP Naval unit of NCC, group 'A' at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will begin a cycle expedition from BHU campus to NH-2 followed by a plantation drive at Mohansarai area on September 9. According to commanding officer AC Pokhriyal, as many as 150 NCC (naval) cadets will participate in the expedition and over 100 saplings of various trees will be planted during the expedition.Notably, the naval unit of NCC is also coming up with a river expedition in Ganga through a long stretch between Allahabad and Ghazipur. \"During the expedition, different skills like yachting, rowing and camping will be taught to the cadets. As many as 40 cadets will join the expedition on four different boats,\" he added. Apart from this, a plan for the beautification of the city is also in the pipeline. \"We are planning to renovate the damaged public walls in the city. Walls which are in a deteriorated state and have been defaced with crude advertisements will be selected and painted with mural paintings depicting social and moral messages. Few walls near Naria and Durgakund have been identified for this purpose and work will start on them from the month of November,\" informed Pokhriyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "16257981", "title": "Centre vows safety, but attacks on Sri Lankan pilgrims still on", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: India has assured Sri Lanka that it will take steps to ensure safety of Lankans visiting the country even as attacks continued on pilgrims visiting Tamil Nadu. Reacting to the Sri Lankan advisory asking its citizens not to travel to Tamil Nadu, a spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs on Tuesday said all measures would be taken to ensure their safety. The assurance came even as a bus carrying pilgrims was targeted near Nagapattinam and the island nation's top official in Chennai cautioned that the protests would hurt trade and cultural ties.\"I wish to convey here that the government of India, in close consultation with the state governments concerned, has taken and will continue to take all measures to ensure the safety, security and wellbeing of Sri Lankan dignitaries and tourists coming to India, including to Tamil Nadu,\" MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.While the Centre was quick to assure the safety of visiting Lankans, in Tamil Nadu, political parties were silent on the repeated attacks. At a time when there is hardly a ripple on the political horizon, the issue has come as a handy tool for parties in the state. The stand of the ruling AIADMK and the opposition DMK has inspired smaller parties and pro-Tamil outfits to increase their aggression against Sri Lankan dignitaries and tourists.There have been at least three incidents of intimidation prior to Monday's Thanjavur episode but there have been no statements of condemnation by any of the major political parties, which have kept up a chorus against Sri Lankan defence personnel being trained in India.Only CPM expressed concern over hostility against LankansReacting to the incidents in Thanjavur and Trichy since Monday, where a group of Sinhala pilgrims were heckled and harassed, the Sri Lankan deputy high commissioner in Chennai, R K M A Rajakaruna, said, \"We are getting anxious calls. There is normally a lot of traffic between Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka. But tourists from Sri Lanka are disturbed by recent developments and concerned about their safety and security.\"Most political parties have been trying to whip up Tamil sentiments and trying to outdo each other in scoring political points. Only the CPM has come out hard against such political posturing and expressed concern over the \"hostility\" towards Lankan visitors in Tamil Nadu. In a statement on Tuesday, the CPM politburo said nothing should be done to disturb people-to-people relations whatever be the Lankan government's approach towards the Tamil issue. It was \"very unfortunate\" that two football teams from Sri Lanka were sent back from Tamil Nadu \"at the instance of the state government,\" the party said in a statement issued in New Delhi.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa, in line with her strict anti-Lanka stand, had on Sunday ordered that two football teams from Sri Lanka be sent back. One team had flown down to Chennai and played a friendly with the customs department team. A Lankan school-level football team was also asked to leave. Tamil Nationalist Movement Leader and LTTE supporter Pazha Nedumaran even congratulated the chief minister and termed it \"a bold decision\".In a sudden volte face, the DMK on Tuesday sought to strike a different note by slamming the AIADMK government for sacking a sports official who allowed the football match to be played. However, no condemnation has been forthcoming on the incidents of heckling of Sinhala pilgrims. Party chief M Karunanidhi told reporters, \"All that we can insist is that there should be no military training to Sri Lankan personnel in India as the military was responsible for the death of civilian Tamils (during the armed conflict). That is what we have been striving for and even stoutly opposing in Parliament.\" He said it is usual for sportsmen, especially cricketers from both nations, to travel to either country to play matches as the Indian cricket team is all set to travel to the island nation for the ensuing T20 World Cup.In Delhi, DMK MPs met defence minister A K Antony and demanded that the training programmes for Lankan army personnel in India be halted. \"Such acts will create doubts in the minds of people of Tamil Nadu about the government's intentions,\" the MPs said in a memorandum to Antony during the meeting.While India has sought to allay apprehension regarding the safety of Sri Lankan tourists, officials in the deputy high commission in Chennai feel that Delhi's reactions to the protests in Tamil Nadu have been rather mild. The ministry of external affairs was at pains to reassure that it will not jeopardise the safety of tourists. The official spokesperson said, \"Our high commission in Colombo issued visas to nearly 200,000 Sri Lankan nationals to visit India last year, while approximately 175,000 Indian tourists visited Sri Lanka in 2011. It is this perspective that guides all our actions on such matters.''Official sources also said that there is no question of New Delhi trying to block President Mahinda Rajapaksa's visit to Sanchi, as some Tamil parties have demanded, later this month. Rajapaksa will be in Sanchi to lay the foundation of a Buddhist university being built with support from the Madhya Pradesh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259041", "title": "Tailwind for IT sector as US firm forays into state", "text": "KOLKATA: The state's all-out attempt to woo investors and become one of the top three IT spots in the country by 2020 has paid off well with US-based Corelynx opening its unit here and chip-designing company Mentor Graphics planning to make its foray soon.Experts feel the entry of these firms will catapult the state back on the national map of hardware engineering. Enterprise software development company Corelynx's foray into the state comes close on the heels of the entry of Mobidough, another US-based company, in the state. Mobidough, a mobile enterprise application platform provider, employs around 200-250 people in the state at present.On the other hand, Nasdaq-listed Mentor Graphics' office in Kolkata will be its fourth in the country. It already has offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Noida. Officials of the company, which specializes in designing chips, have approached the state government for a 2,000-sq ft space to accommodate around 10-15 people to start with. Chip-designing refers to building an integrated circuit to achieve an application, which can be a microprocessor, a router or even a cellphone.\"The company has specifically said that they want space in a government building,\" a source said. The state government has been giving a lot of emphasis on building electronic hardware industry in the state. The Information &amp; Communication Technology and Incentive Scheme Policy 2012, which came into place after nine years, has both hardware and software policies embedded in it.The policy renamed the state's IT department as the Information Technology and Electronics Department to recognize the importance of the electronic system design and manufacturing sector. It is also looking at increasing Bengal's share in production of electronic good in India to 15% in terms of value by 2020.So far, very few chip-designing companies have expressed their interest in setting up units in Bengal. Though these companies do not need either huge space or massive manpower, output of these firms has been of very high value. It is expected that if more such companies come to this state, it will give IT export from this region a huge boost. At present, Bengal accounts for a meager 2.5% of total IT exports from the country.\"There were only two-three small-scale chip-designing firms in Bengal. Chip-designing is a high-valued job,\" a source told TOI. Nasscom regional manager (east) Suparno Moitra said global electronics industry is one of the fastest growing sector in the world and demand in the Indian market is expected to touch $400 billion by 2020 and it would be out of place to say that the electronic import bill would exceed that of oil by 2020.Being the world's second-most populated country, coupled with robust growth, India will remain one of the largest consumer of electronics products globally, he said. \"The industry is poised to ride the wave of domestic demands for electronics products. Developing core areas of design and applications development will lead the Indian electronics and manufacturing industry towards greater innovation,\" he added.Manufacturing has been recognized as the main engine for economic growth and an ambitious target of ICT and electronics hardware manufacturing to around 25% by 2025 has been set by the National Manufacturing Policy.Bengal is trying hard to fulfill its envisioned position of one among top three IT states in the country by 2020. To realize this dream it is going all out to attract various companies and recently this endeavour had paid off very well. US-based Corelynx has opened its unit in the state and chip designing company Mentor Graphics is planning to take space in any government unit soon.So far, there were very few chip designing companies in the state. Although these companies do not need huge space, neither it requires massive manpower but the work done in these units are of very high value. It is expected that if more such companies come to this state, it will help to export more from this region. Now, Bengal accounts for 2.5% of total IT exports from the country. India recorded $296.23 billion in IT exports in 2009-10.\"There were only two-three small-scale chip designing companies in Bengal. They are also good. Chip designing is a high-valued job,\" a source told TOI.Although there had been talks about having IT hardware companies in the state for long but that sector was miniscule so far. These companies will help place Bengal in the national map of chip designing. Chip designing is building an integrated circuit to achieve an application. The application could be microprocessor, router or a cellphone.Nasdaq-listed Mentor Graphics has office in India in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Noda. It is planning to open its fourth office in Kolkata. Its officials have approached the state government and it is looking for a 2,000 square feet space to accommodate around 10-15 people in the outset.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259050", "title": "Class IX external exams delayed", "text": "KOLKATA: The class IX external annual examination, which was slated to be held by the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education from 2012, has been postponed till November 2013. Lack of infrastructure, absence of uniformity in unit tests and concern among students have forced the board to delay the external examination by a year. It was only a month back that the education department had given the Madhyamik board the green signal to go ahead and conduct the annual examination of class IX, a brain child of education minister Bratya Basu, to prepare students to take the Madhyamik exams in class X.What concerns teachers' associations is the hasty manner in which the government had decided to hold the Class IX annual examination externally from this year onwards. No discussion was held with teachers' organizations, which had warned the board about the lack of infrastructure and concern among students.On Monday, the board's decision to delay the external annual class IX examination by a year revealed complete miscommunication and lack of coordination among the board and schools. Without any proper knowledge and adequate preparation, the WBBSE had informed schools about the decision to take class IX annual examination only in June this year. \"Hopefully now, the board will initiate talks with us,\" said a teacher and member of All Bengal Teachers' Association ( ABTA).\"After the question papers are dispatched from the board, they will have to be locked in a confidential room a day prior to the examinations at various schools. Many schools in the villages do not have such secure rooms. Those will have to be set up before we can start taking external annual examinations for class IX,\" said board president, Kalyanmoy Ganguly, adding that they would also have to bring uniformity in the unit test system which is held in every class throughout the year. \"While some institutes give a certain weightage to unit tests, others provide additional weightage. The board can prepare question papers for class IX students only if a uniform unit test system is developed.\"Added to the lack of preparation were constant queries and fear among students of class IX who urged the board to postpone the annual external examinations by a year.\"Students were worried and stressed. Hence, we wanted to give them adequate time for preparing themselves for the exams. Taking everything into consideration, the Class IX annual examinations will be conducted from 2013 instead of 2012,\" Ganguly added.Following education minister Basu's suggestion, the board was gearing up for the Class IX annual examinations. It was decided that WBBSE will prepare question papers and students will appear for the examinations in their schools. However, answer scripts were supposed to be checked by external teachers.Bratya Basu said, \"I am aware of the decision taken by the board. Infrastructure and preparations are genuine concerns. Preparations will have to be made and infrastructure developed before holding the class IX exams externally. There are genuine problems in holding the examination from this year.By 2013, the infrastructure will be ready.\"\"We can assure that all necessary infrastructure will be upgraded within a year and by November 2013, schools will be ready,\" said Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259133", "title": "Gujarat has more coaching institutes than schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has 10,000 secondary and higher secondary schools. The number of coaching institutes, however, has increased to 15,000!The figures indicate the clear preference of students and parents for new 'gurus' who have supplanted the gurus of classrooms. In the age of cutthroat competition, studying in classrooms is not enough. Earlier, tuition teachers were a luxury that only rich parents could afford. Now they are sought after even by middle- and lower-middle-class parents who burn holes in their pockets to give that extra edge to their wards. In fact, even students do not mind missing classes at school just to prepare for an exam at coaching institutes.\"Tuition teachers are indeed becoming more important than school teachers,\" says Varsha Iyer, a class XI student at Divine Child International School. \"Students would rather bunk school than tuition classes during exams. And they always prefer approaching their tutors to seeking help from their school teachers.\"Anuj Shah, another student, says: \"I am forced to attend many tuition classes because all my friends are doing so. But somewhere I feel I have lost track of the 'real school'.\"Parents, for their part, blame competition at all levels for such a trend. Some parents say that tuition classes seem to be the only way to get children to study.Meera Nair, a teacher at Sakar School, feels that commitment and passion are missing among teachers because of which they fail to capture a child's attention. \"Gone are the days when tuitions were for weak students,\" she says. \"Today the thought is, if you are not going for tuitions, you are missing something significant.\"Sonal Narang, a teacher at Anand Niketan, says: \"Even parents lack time to ensure regular studies of their wards and fulfill their responsibility by enrolling them in tuition classes.\" Teachers at schools do not give cent per cent anymore as they know all students go to tuition classes, Narang says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259309", "title": "Teaching takes a toll on their health", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As they shape up our tomorrow, they let their today suffer. Beacons of light, teachers have to face some dark patches which their profession brings in its wake. Long lectures affect their voice quality, put them at risk of developing varicose veins (a complication which worsens when one stands for long) and make them inhale chalk dust.The city clinics receive two to three cases every day wherein teachers complain of hoarse voice and varicose veins. \"We regularly come across at least one teacher who suffers from hoarse voice,\" said Dr Sanjay Munjal, PGI department of otolaryngology.As they have to speak loudly and at length in a class of 50 students and above, many of them develop vocal nodules that fatigue their voice. \"The problem surfaces after about seven to eight years. Nowadays, it is common to come across teachers who take frequent classes with many students. It adds to the voice abuse,\" added Dr Munjal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258661", "title": "Tihar inmates to learn foreign languages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inmates of Tihar Jail \u2014 Asia's largest prison complex \u2014 will soon be learning French, Spanish and Chinese. Prison authorities have roped in former professors of Jawaharlal Nehru University and other language experts to teach the convicts. The programme will be initiated in the women's jail and Jail 4, which comprises mostly of undertrials.\"We are likely to start the language courses sometime next month. We have contacted language experts who will teach inmates in Jail 6 (for women ) and Jail 4. The initiative will be extended to all jails if successful,\" said Tihar law officer and PRO Sunil Gupta.The inmates can opt for any of the three languages. The move is aimed at improving their future prospects. This is one of the measures being introduced in under the directions of Tihar's first female Director-General, Vimla Mehra.\"Inmates above the age of 65 have been chosen for special considerations. There are about 125 of them. These convicts have been provided beds, separate cells and in a few cases, another inmate as helpers. We believe that keeping the elderly together is good for their mental well-being,\" said a source.A stenography course has also been introduced in the women's jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16260149", "title": "Indian eatery in Australia fined $99,512 for rats in kitchen", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Indian takeaway restaurant in Sydney has been slapped with a fine of over $99,512 after health authorities found cockroaches, accumulated grime and dead rats in its kitchen area.The former owners of the King Cross-based restaurant, RR Associates, pleaded guilty to 13 counts of failing to comply with the Food Standards Code between December 7 and December 21 in 2011. They were fined $99,512, according to ABC news report.The report said that when health inspectors went to the restaurant after a customer complaint they found rat droppings in the service area and cupboards, a dead rat behind a bin and evidence of rat nests. Council officers told the Downing Centre local court that some of the rat faeces was on the floor of the kitchen, in the service area and storage cupboards. The court heard the walls, floors and food contact surfaces were crawling with cockroaches.Council officers said samosas waiting to be cooked were stored directly below shelving encrusted with dirt and kitchen was infested with cockroaches. The restaurant has changed owners since the time of the offences.In sentencing, magistrate Gail Madgwick said she was imposing fines of $7,692 for each of the 13 offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16258052", "title": "Grammy winner enthralls Manipur students, AR personnel", "text": "IMPHAL: Assam Rifles personnel and students of a senior secondary school run by the paramilitary force at Keithelmanbi near Imphal on Monday enjoyed the music of Grammy Award winner Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt.\"For one hour, the students were awestruck by the different ragas played on mohan veena by Bhatt who created this hybrid slide guitar,\" an Assam Rifles' statement said. The music maestro, who won the Grammy Award in 1994, presented four different instrumental ragas in his first-ever performance in the state.Also a Padmashree recipient, Vishwa Mohan has extensively performed in various countries, including USA, Canada, Netherlands, Spain, USSR, Switzerland, France, the Great Britain , Belgium, Germany, Italy, Scotland, Denmark, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain besides India.The programme, organized by AR in conjunction with Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth (SpicMacay), commenced with a speech by the students of the school located inside the complex of the paramilitary force's 28th battalion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16258580", "title": "18-year-old girl commits suicide", "text": "MAPUSA: An 18-year-old girl from Verla-Canca committed suicide by hanging herself with her dupatta in her bedroom on Monday. Upon finding her, her family rushed her to the district hospital in Mapusa but she was declared brought dead.Further investigation is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16259006", "title": "JVM-P stalls Jharkhand assembly over govt staffer's death during land stir", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) legislators led by Pradeep Yadav on Tuesday stalled the proceedings of the Jharkhand assembly for around 10 minutes on Tuesday demanding immediate action against police and administrative officials who ordered the lathicharge against peaceful protestors on Monday.The legislators also demanded Rs 25 lakh compensation for Grade IV government employee Bole Oraon (41), who was killed during the police action. Thousands of people, led by former chief minister Babulal Marandi , were rallying towards the state secretariat to protest against acquisition of agricultural land when police rained batons and fired tear gas shells on demonstrators. At least 25 people, including the elderly, were injured in the incident.Yadav said: \"We want the family of the deceased to be given Rs 25 lakh as compensation. We also demand action against the officers who ordered to use force against peaceful protestors and provocated them to pelt stone on policemen.\" He added that most of the injured people are still in hospital.Expressing concern over the incident, chief minister Arjun Munda said he has ordered a judicial inquiry in the case. \"It is very sad that an innocent man lost his life. I have ordered for a probe and further action will be taken once the report is prepared,\" said Munda.Former HRD minister Badhu Tirkey said that the government is ignoring the displacement issue.\"Hundreds of families have been protesting for the last six months against acquisition of land in Nagri for construction of an Indian Institute of Management and a National University for Study and Research in Law. The government is not prepared to listen to their problems,\" said Tirkey. He added that the government should immediately stop acquisition of agricultural land without consent of the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258609", "title": "Mumbai: Two killed in 3 E-way mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: Driving rain and dense fog that reduced visibility on the hilly sections of the Mumbai-Pune Expressway led to three accidents that claimed two lives and injured six, most of them from the city.Abhijit Vaydande (32) from Dombivli and Dipti Tawade (22) from Bhandup were killed when their Esteem (MH01/AV-0407) rammed into a stationary truck at Lonavala early on Tuesday. Trilok Bhalerao and Rahul Pednekar, both 28 and of Dombivli, and Vaishnavi Pote (22) from Mumbai were injured. \"It is likely that the speeding speeding driver did not notice the truck till too late in the heavy showers and fog,\" said the highway police. The truck driver drove away after the mishap and is absconding.In two other cases, cars skidded on the road and hit steel barriers, injuring, in one case, a state official and, in another, two Koreans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259507", "title": "Karnataka terror module: Doctor gave up MD course for want of funds", "text": "BANGALORE: Dr Nayeem Siddiqui, 26, the 14th suspect arrested on Sunday in connection with the two terror modules busted in Karnataka last week, is from Davanagere. He's the only son of call booth telephone mechanic Dadapeer alias Abdul Mutalib Katagi who also has four married daughters. The family stays at KB Layout in KTJ Nagar police limits in Davanagere.After finishing his schooling in Bapuji School and PUC in a local college, Dr Siddiqui did his MBBS from Siddhartha Medical College, Tumkur.College sources said he graduated in 2008. They said he was a quiet youth who was good at studies but rarely participated in extra-curricular activities. They added they were not ready to believe the police that he was involved in terror activities.Sources claimed he ran a travel agency here as he waited for the nod from a Delhibased medical college to do his MD course.Sources at a paying guest accommodation in Kalasipalyam, the City Market area, said Dr Siddiqui stayed for about a year with them till he vacated the place three months ago. \"We're yet to ascertain more details of Dr Siddiqui's background,\" Davangere SP Labhu Ram said.Dadapeer laughs at the allegation that his son routed finances for terror modules. He said his son had been to Delhi for admission to an ENT postgraduate course but decided against going ahead as he couldn't afford it. Dr Siddiqui and Dadapeer were returning from New Delhi on Sunday by the Karnataka Express when they were picked up by city police at the Cantonment station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256947", "title": "RTI query exposes irregularities in civic body's horticulture wing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Based on the information obtained under the Right to Information (RTI) act, a city-based social organisation has exposed irregularities in the horticulture wing of the GHMC.The organisation, Joint Action for Social Help (JOSH), had filed an RTI query seeking information on the number of tree guards installed in Circle-15 of Qutbullapur and was given the figure of 18,000 between years 2007 and 2012. Taking a cue from this, JOSH members conducted an independent audit over a period of 15 days and found just 2,000 tree guards. Alleging that lakhs of rupees had been swindled by contractors and municipal officials, the organization has now filed a complaint with the GHMC commissioner on this issue.V Madhu Babu, project director, JOSH said \"We had filed this RTI because an official of the horticulture wing had confided in us that even though money was being sanctioned for tree guards they were not being installed and instead misused.\" He added, \"After obtaining figures under RTI, we checked almost all the localities in the area and have come to a conclusion that the number of tree guards existing is much lower than what is being claimed by the officials.\"Babu said that since each tree guard costs anywhere around Rs 1,000, the misappropriated funds run into lakhs of rupees. The organisation has demanded that GHMC act on the issue.However, GHMC officials denied allegations of corruption and maintained that all the tree guards had been installed as directed. P V Bhagya Laxmi, assistant director of horticulture, Circle-15, said \"We had recently inspected and found that only 10% of tree guards were missing. Many were removed during road widening, the residents themselves had removed a few while making changes to the fencing of their houses. Since these tree guards were installed long ago, some might have been missing, but I am sure there has been no fraud.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16258615", "title": "Mumbai: Kalyan station floods, hundreds of CR Main line services cancelled", "text": "Commuting trouble carried over to Tuesday in the city, like the unceasing rain, with trains on the Main line of Central Railway witnessing delays of up to two hours after Kalyan station was flooded.Western Railway and the Harbour line of CR had a relatively smoother day with many services being late by a few minutes but none cancelled.On the other hand, till 5 pm, over 150 services had been cancelled on the Main line, inconveniencing hundreds. The trouble was continuing till evening, meaning more cancellations would have taken place.\"It took around three hours for me to reach Santa Cruz . Normally, it does not take more than an hour-and-a-half,\" said Trupti Parab, a second-year student of law at SNDT University who stays in Dombivli.Water-logging tripped the signalling system at Kalyan junction from where the tracks bifurcate to Kasara and Karjat/Khopoli. After the incessant rains, water began covering the tracks around 8.20am. Soon, they were under 8 inches of water.As a precaution, the rail authorities decided to clamp the points and crossings, where trains interchange tracks, preventing smooth diversion of trains to Kasara and Karjat. For about two hours from 8.40am, the authorities ran services one after the other, without any diversion. The domino effect led to bunching of services and, consequently, major delays. Several long-distance trains were also held up.At the CST-end, commuters complained about services taking up to half an hour to reach the terminus from the penultimate Masjid station. \"It took me almost 30 minutes to travel between these two stations,\" said Rakesh Yadav, a commuter.V A Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer, CR, said: \"Services on the south-east and north-east sections (Karjat/Khopoli and Kasara) attained normalcy at about 10.30am and 11.30am, respectively. Train services did not come to a halt, but were running 40 to 45 minutes behind schedule.\"The mammoth delays forced many of the thousands-strong commuter force from the eastern suburbs to dump the idea of travelling to their workplaces or schools and colleges in Mumbai. But Rajmani Pandey, a Kalyan resident, could not afford to stay home. He had an appointment for an eye operation on Tuesday at JJ hospital. \"It took almost 3 hours for me to reach Byculla, from where I took a taxi to JJ hospital. If I had missed today's appointment, I would have found it difficult to get another appointment,\" he said, narrating his harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16259143", "title": "Vigilance cells to detect fake caste papers in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to set up two dedicated vigilance cells in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack to detect cases of upper caste people procuring SC and ST certificates. At present, such cases are being monitored by the human rights protection cells (HRPC) in the twin cities.Though district vigilance cells exist in Khurda and Cuttack districts to verify the civil status of ST and SC people, the urban police districts of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack, however, do not come under the jurisdiction of Khurda and Cuttack because Bhubaneswar and Cuttack are governed by the Odisha Urban Police Act.\"Just as officers in the rank of DSP are in-charge of vigilance cells in all districts, we will designate assistant commissioners of police (ACPs) to head the cells in the commissionerate system,\" twin city commissioner of police Sunil Roy told TOI. District vigilance cells were constituted in Odisha in June 2008.Sources said the police are also contemplating to engage the proposed cells to probe cases relating to atrocities on STs and SCs. While 38 ST and SC atrocity and fake caste certificate cases were registered in Bhubaneswar in 2011, around 25 cases were reported in Cuttack the same year, sources said. Out of around 120 cases registered in Bhubaneswar in the last three years, 70 cases were disposed, sources said.More than 9,500 cases relating to atrocities are pending in different district judge courts. Though the state government in 2010 had announced to open special courts in atrocity-prone zones like Berhampur, Sambalpur and Bhubaneswar to deal with ST and SC-related cases, it is still a non-starter.\"It is good that police would set up vigilance cells to check fake certificate issues and atrocity cases. But it remains to be seen whether policemen actually give justice to the complainants,\" said Haladhar Sethi, president ST and SC Youth Council, an outfit fighting for the causes of the ST and SC people in the state. \"At many places, police are harassing the complainants and not receiving their complaints. Government is purposely not registering complaints to evade criticism,\" Sethi said.Official sources said 1,662 ST and SC atrocity cases were registered in 2011, the figure stood at 1,582 and 1,541 in 2010 and 2009, respectively. Last month, chief minister Naveen Patnaik announced to open legal aid cells in all 314 blocks with two legal retainers to assist the complainants free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16259387", "title": "DAV school reopens", "text": "MOTIHARI: Following the publication of a report in this newspaper about the closure of the DAV school at Naraha Panapur under Rajepur police station in East Champaran district after extortion calls were made to the school principal, Prashant Giri, to pay Rs 5 lakh, the school was reopened on Tuesday under heavy police protection. The school had been closed on August 28.Giri said he reopened the school on the assurance of SP Ganesh kumar and around 60% day scholars attended the classes. On Wednesday, we will celebrate the Teacher's Day with much fanfare, he added.The SP said one section of SAP jawans has been deployed in Community hall near the DAV school building for the protection of principal and staff members. The SHO of Rajepur police station, Harendra Prasad, would keep an eye on the school. The police have already arrested one Sukhlal Sahni, whose cellphone was used for making the extortion call from Bisunpur village of Motipur police station in Muzaffarpur, and he is being interrogated by police.Kumar suspected that miscreants had done this mischief with the principal or it may be the result of rivalry between private schools in that area .Around 300 boarders of the school hostel have been informed by the school administration to attend classes from Wednesday. The guardians of the students also met the school principal on Tuesday and assured him that they would send their wards to the school.This school is situated in a remote rural area in the East Champaran district, on the border of Sheohar and Muzaffarpur districts, and students of three districts are admitted in this school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16259179", "title": "SC seeks papers of judge demotion from HC", "text": "CUTTACK: The Supreme Court has called for the documents from the Orissa high court in connection with the case relating to the demotion of former high court judge L K Mishra.A division bench of Justices Dipak Misra and K S Radhakrishnan gave the direction on Monday, in response to a petition filed by the former judge challenging his demotion.\"The apex court has directed the counsel to submit records from Orissa high court relating to Mishra's demotion. The next hearing of the case is on September 26,\" Prasant Kishore Ray, Mishra's counsel, said.Mishra was reverted to his parent cadre of a district judge in 2010 by the full bench of Orissa high court after completion of two years as an additional judge of the Orissa high court. He was appointed as the Kalahandi district judge in January 2010.But when he refused to go back to his parent cadre, he was given compulsory retirement in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16249712", "title": "What Teacher's Day means to them", "text": "On the occasion of Teacher's Day, we talk to some of the well known faces across different industries who remember their respective mentorsTeachers come into our life in different forms; they are not just the ones teaching us different subjects in school or college, they can be our parents, friends or even bosses at work. Sometimes, they act as mentors guiding through the different challenges of life, sometimes they teach the tricks and trades of the industry that one is in, and sometimes, they simply point out our mistakes to make us grow into a better person. Whatever the case maybe, mentors are an integral part of our life who play a pivotal role in shaping our careers. Today, we speak to some famous faces about their mentors.Prasad Bidapa One person who I have always looked up to, who has guided my career decisions and helped me raise the bar, is designer David Abraham . He has made me push my limits and set my expectations higher; he has been my mentor and a very good friend, someone who holds up a mirror with complete honesty. He has always forced me to confront the truth and pursue excellence, challenged me to prove myself better which has made us bond stronger.Vani Ganapathy My best teacher, I would say has been my mother who inculcated me to this art form called Bharatanatyam. My father has been my best guide and guru who taught me how to conduct myself in life. He has instilled in me the will power and confidence - without being arrogant - which has helped me tremendously to live my life. The other important mentor in my life is of course my guru, Kalyana Sundaram, who gave me an art that has given me everything - name, fame, money, vocation, profession and emotional support. And of course, last but not the least, the greatest teacher of all has been the Almighty. As a teacher, I have learnt to be patient from my students.Gouri Kapur It's so difficult to decide on one influence - sometimes you see a film in your childhood and a picture, a scene, a poster, a song which stays which you. And in the creative field, you can't be influenced by just one person and a lot also depends on your ability. There are no limits here and you get to learn from a mix of a whole lot of creative people learn from who set a benchmark. Obviously in the starting, you learn from your teacher but gradually a lot of things influence your work, so it's difficult to attribute everything to just one person.Nikhil Chinappa I have had a lot of influences throughout my life, whether it was learning to keep things simple from an uncle or learning the importance of details from an architect while in college. But when it comes to my career in music, there are three people who have had a distinct influence - David Luke, Pearl and Deepa Shreekumar. From the conversations that I have had with David, I have learnt how to deliver international acts in India at a professional level. From Pearl I learnt the techinicalities of DJing and Deepa was the one who contributed largely in my career as a host. And all this have helped me not only in my music career but also as a festival director, in managing my company and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258503", "title": "St Cruz man gets lifer for brother's murder", "text": "PANAJI: The additional sessions court has sentenced Shyam Gawas of St Cruz to life imprisonment on charges of murdering his brother, Ishwar, by hitting an axe on his head in 2009.Judge P V Sawaiker held Gawas guilty under IPC Section 302 and also directed him to pay a fine of 5,000.During the hearing, public prosecutor P Bharne argued that on November 15, 2009, Shyam attacked Ishwar with the intention of killing his brother.The case, based on circumstantial evidence, saw Bharne point out that the \"accused and the victim were the only persons present at the time of the murder\" and that there were injuries on Shyam's body.On the other hand, Shyam's lawyer, M D'Souza, pointed out that the prosecution had not produced the forensic report nor the report of the deceased's nail clippings, which would have proved Shyam's guilt.D'Souza also said that Shyam could not be convicted for Ishwar's murder as the incident had occurred at the spur of the moment.While holding that there is sufficient material on record to establish the guilt of the accused, even without the forensic report, the court observed: \"It appears that both the accused and the deceased had some grudge against each other which they would vent out only when they were under the influence of alcohol.\"Evidence suggests that they had some strained relations which they would control when they were not under the influence of alcohol.\"The additional sessions court further observed that the prosecution has succeeded in proving the death and circumstances pointing out to the guilt of the accused beyond reasonable doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16258772", "title": "SC, ST job promotion quota move hailed", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The intellectual and political community of the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) has hailed the Union government for clearing a proposal that would mandate reservation for promotion of the SC/ST employees in government jobs.\"The issue of inadequate representation of the SC/ST employees at the helm of various government agencies shall now be addressed,\" said Jharkhand People's Party president and former legislator Suryasingh Besra.He said the proposed bill sought to amend at least four articles of the Constitution to enable the government to provide quota to promote SC/ST.Akhil Bhartiya Adivasi Mahasabha convener Mukesh Birua said, \"Demand for legislation (for the promotion of the SC/ST employees) was long pending. We are sure that the proposed act will ensure smooth and time-bound promotion of the weaker section employees.\"The Dalit Morcha of the BJP also hailed the Central government for clearing a proposal that would ensure effective representation of the otherwise marginalized community in the higher-ups of the bureaucracy.\"The move of the Union government is worth appreciating but the exercise needs to be followed up by effective ground action,\" said a state BJP Dalit Morcha member.Birua, however, said the Union government should also come forward with a report reflecting the current status of the SC/ST employees in top posts in all government-run agencies \"So that those who are critical of quota for promotion in jobs could realize the fact.\"A member of the West Singhbhum-based Ho Samaj said the Union government should also expedite filling the backlog vacancies reserved for the SC and ST candidates in the government sector.The Union government's move to amend the Constitution comes in the wake of the decision of the Supreme Court striking down reservation in promotion to SC/ST employees in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "16259161", "title": "Ranjodh translates \u2018Japuji Sahib\u2019 for young devotees", "text": "BRS NAGAR: City industrialist Ranjodh Singh is spending time on his old fascination with the pen these days. He has been writing the translations of holy prayers of the Sikhs in order to make them easier to understand for those who don't know Punjabi.Clubbed with relevant pictures, Ranjodh's writing has been turned in a book for Sikhs of all ages to understand \"Japuji Sahib\", the morning prayer.Managing director of G S Radiators and president of a private college, Ranjodh, 45, says he started writing while pursuing his BTech in mechanical engineering at Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College in the city.\"I used to contribute snippets to the college magazine and got some published in newspapers. Most of what I wrote revolved around general life and I used to love clicking pictures too,\" he adds.Ranjodh says he got the first edition of his desk book published with a theme \"vision and wisdom\" in 2006-2007, which had philosophical thoughts and relevant images.\"After bringing two editions of the book, I started working on this book \u2014 \" Japuji Sahib, Prayer of the Soul\" \u2014 which was published last year. \"Japuji Sahib\" is the holy prayer that every Sikh should recite in the morning. It answers the common human doubts... like if it is possible to define God and meet Him\" adds Ranjodh.His book has the meaning of the verses of \"Japuji Sahib\" in English and Punjabi and an image relating to the verse.\"For instance, if a verse refers to the problems of life, I have used a picture of weights along with it and a picture of flower when a verse talks about the colours in human life,\" says Ranjodh. The purpose of translating the verses in English and Punjabi is to help the youngsters understand the essence of Sikh prayers. Using pictures makes the representation attractive and readable, says Ranjodh, who adds that he received a good response for his last book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257956", "title": "Nupur Mehta questioned in Geetika suicide case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi Police team questioned actor Nupur Mehta in connection with the Geetika Sharma suicide case, in Mumbai, on Monday. The team led by an ACP-rank officer is expected to begin corroborating her statements from Wednesday. Sources said Nupur was questioned till late Monday evening on various aspects of the case, in which former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda is the main accused. Nupur was reportedly asked about only three people: Kanda, his manager Aruna Chaddha, and a woman named Ankita.Nupur was asked about her relationship with Geetika and whether she was aware of the latter being harassed in any way. Police discussed at length the fight Geetika had with Nupur and Ankita in Goa on September 20, 2009. Geetika subsequently reported a case of theft to police. She was also questioned about Geetika's terms with Ankita and Kanda.Police feel Nupur can answer many questions about Geetika, as she hired her. Sources said Nupur told police about Chaddha's role at Kanda's MDLR Group, and how she 'brainwashed' young airhostesses and fresh recruits.DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran confirmed that Nupur had been questioned but did not share details. \"We will be studying her statement as it will be crucial for investigations,'' he said. Nupur was vice-president at the now defunct MDLR Airlines, where Geetika was an airhostess.While sources told TOI Ankita has not returned to India, police maintained she would join the investigations. \"We will not like to share the exact dates with the media,\" said an officer. Kanda and Aruna Chaddha are in judicial custody till September 11. Geetika was found dead on August 5 at her Ashok Vihar residence in northwest Delhi. In her suicide note, Geetika had alleged that Kanda and Chaddha were harassing her to rejoin the former minister's firm after she left the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256894", "title": "' Obaidur Rahman was in touch with handler in Saudi'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Obaidur Rahman, the youth who was picked up from the city on Friday last in connection with the busted terror module that operated from Bangalore, was reportedly in contact with a Saudi-based Hyderabadi suspected to be the point man for many Indian and Pakistani terror operatives.Rahman was said to be receiving instructions from Siddiq bin Osman who also goes by the names Rafiq and Abu Hanzala.Osman used to reside in Aman Nagar in the Old City. He has been on the radar of intelligence agencies for more than 12 years. He was one of the accused in the foiled criminal conspiracy case of 1998 in which a Pakistani national Saleem Junaid was convicted and controversial cleric Maulana Mohammed Naseeruddin acquitted.He fled the country even as the case was in progress. Intelligence sleuths believe that Osman has been financing terror activities in different parts of the country and providing shelter to many terror suspects from AP and Karnataka. Shaik Abdul Khaja, the alleged HuJI operative who is in prison in Hyderabad, had told his interrogators earlier that he had stayed at Osman's residence in Saudi Arabia . According to sources, Rahman was in contact with Osman and other handlers. The Central Crime Branch of Bangalore city police are expected to bring him to Hyderabad to go into several details including where he had lodged some of the arrested suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258280", "title": "Coalgate: 'All Jaiswals are related to me'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Denying any link with businessman Manoj Jayaswal against whom CBI has filed an FIR in the Coalgate scam, coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal said a wrong impression was being created that a relative of his was allocated a coal block.\"All Jaiswals are my relatives,\" taunted the minister when asked if his relatives or persons close to him were benefited by Coalgate. \"And yes, lakhs of persons are close to me,\" he added for good measure.Jaiswal was fielded to face the media at the Congress briefing on Tuesday as part of an exercise that has seen senior ministers address the press. The results of the exercise seem mixed as Jaiswal at different points in the press conference argued that defaulting companies will lose their coal blocks, but also insisted that the policy adopted by the government was perfect.When asked why coal blocks were largely unused and power targets unmet if the allocations were kosher, Jaiswal said, \"Now that is another matter.\" He asserted that coal mining was not like opening a restaurant. \"It takes Coal India seven years to begin mining,\" he said, unmindful that the admission could bolster the argument that handing coal blocks to private parties did not yield much better results.The minister criticized BJP for demanding en masse cancellation of coal blocks, arguing the move was part of the opposition party's strategy to benefit private companies. \"BJP knows those who lose coal blocks will go to court and get a stay... It is all politics,\" he said.After fielding finance minister P Chidambaram to defend the government on the CAG report over alleged irregularities on coal allocation, UPA managers launched Jaiswal who argued the policy adopted for coal allocation was \"100% correct\".\"The policy followed by UPA government in allotting coal mines was 100% correct. There could not be a better policy than this,\" Jaiswal said, adding that private companies who resorted to wrongdoing will be behind bars.As Jaiswal insisted that it was up to the inter-ministerial group to decide on de-allocation, he was quizzed on Chidambaram's statement that some 30 blocks had started production and 17 would soon do so. He dodged for a while and then admitted that the finance minister was right. He then said 26 blocks were de-allocated but did not provide details as to how many were related to the NDA era.The minister defended the government, saying it was acting on two fronts \u2014 one, inter-ministerial group was studying each coal block and finding out whether the milestones were being observed or not and on the two, CBI was investigating the complaints against these companies.Jaiswal indicated more action was in the offering, on a day CBI raided many private companies in connection with the alleged scam.\"CBI has conducted the raids... I am not the spokesperson of CBI... We hope there will be more against whom CBI will take action,\" Jaiswal said while replying to a question regarding the alleged link of Congress MP Vijay Darda with firms against which CBI has registered cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "16259160", "title": "Coal crisis hits power production in Odisha", "text": "ANGUL: The Talcher Super Thermal Power Station(TSTPS) at Kaniha shut down one unit owing to shortage of coal affecting power production. The 3,000 MW NTPC plant has been running hand to mouth without any improvement in the coal stock position of 53,000 tonnes.The daily average coal supply from Talcher Lingaraj coal mine to the plant has dwindled from 35,000 to 32,000 MT against the required 55,000 MT. Low dispatch besides poor quality coal containing rocks, soil and mud has hit power generation, alleged Amit Kumar Behera, assistant manager (public relations).NTPC Kaniha, which has six units each of 500 MW each, has shut down Unit-2. The power generation has come down to 2,100 MW leading to sharp fall in power supply to 15 states. On Monday, the production stood at 1,700 MW, he added.On the other hand, the Mahanadi Coalfields Limited said the short supply is due to rain. The public relations officer of MCL Dikken Mehra said, \"The short supply of coal is due to incessant rainfall. The coal supply will be augmented after the monsoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16258834", "title": "Sniffer dogs to check sale of deer meat in Palamu Tiger Reserve", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Officials at Palamu Tiger Reserve are using two sniffer dogs named Tiger and Tracy to find meat and other wildlife trophies on sale in village haats in and around the sanctuary. A conservator on condition of anonymity confirmed that officials are taking the help of two canines to track sale of banned wildlife trophy.D S Srivastava, Project Elephant steering committee member, said deer meat in particular is considerd a delicacy in these areas and commands high prices in the haats at Barwadih, Chhipadohar and Satbarwa.He said, \"Deer poaching is a real concern for us, Last week, a bison died at the Betla National Park after it was caught in a trap laid by poachers to snare deer.\" Srivastava added that though PTR officials have been conducting raids at the village haats, they haven't been able to nab any individual selling banned meat.Some tribes in Palamu also use the residue of poached animals to 'cure' illnesses.The source in the wildlife department added that officials are also keeping an eye on the railway route used to smuggle timber felled in the reserve area. Chhipadohar, a small railway station on the Coal India Chord section, is being used by the timber mafia to smuggle wood, the source said. He added that the Railways has been asked to extend all possible help to check the smuggling of timber and has been told that no timber shoot be loaded on trains without a permit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16259042", "title": "Teacher's Day: Teachers not less than parents, feel little ones", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the eve of Teacher's Day, many students across city schools talk about what makes their favourite educationalists so special.At Ryan International School, students have been constantly vouching for Anju Rani and Meena Jain, teachers who have been working there for eight years. A science teacher, Rani has been voted \"the best teacher\" in a poll conducted by the school, while Jain is a home science teacher who is liked by almost every student in the school.Class IX student Avneet says, \"Anju ma'am is a perfect mathematics teacher,\" while her classmate Celina calls her \"a very innovative teacher\". Taranpreet and Navneet adore her for being \"friendly and perky\". Another Ryanite Seerat Kaur says, \"Meenu ma'am has a knack of endearing herself to her students,\" whereas Aman says, \"She is like my mother.\"Class XII student Saurabh Todi considers Jain \"a fair person who treats everyone equally,\" and Stephy says, \"She not only understands a student's problems but even helps with solutions.\"For tiny tots in the playschools of the city, the teachers are no less than parents. The kids at Cherubs Pre-school are missing their Manpreet ma'am this Teacher's Day as she is on leave due to her mother's sickness. The toddlers are offering prayers for their teacher's mother and regularly enquiring about her wellness. The other favourite among the toddlers of Cherubs is Sabia ma'am.Dugri Phase II resident Isha Sedhora says, \"My son Kabeer respects his teachers a lot and he is even planning a surprise for them on Teacher's Day.\" The kids at Cherrylane Play School call their teachers \"momma\" or \"masi\" and Teacher's Day for them is no different than Mother's Day. The little kids are planning to dress up as their favourite teacher during this year's Teachers' Day celebrations. BRS Nagar resident Gurinder Kaur, who is the favourite \"momma\" or \"masi\" for toddlers at Cherrylane, says she has been working at the playschool for over seven years. \"The kids are all my darlings and they share everything with me during the time they spend here. Most of them stay in touch even after passing from the school.\" Model Town Extension resident Kavleen Kaur says her son Shahanveer is so fond of his teachers that he prepared a Teacher's Day card for them on his own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258425", "title": "Home ministry refuses nod for foreign funding to NGO", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry has refused to give approval to Institute for Policy Research Studies (IPRS), an NGO, to receive funds from US-based Ford Foundation under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act.However, the government claimed the decision was taken not because there was any adverse input on the NGO by agencies but to ensure that MPs were not influenced by foreign institutions. The contribution was meant for a project to provide research assistance to MPs.Replying to a question on the IPRS issue in Lok Sabha, minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran said, \"There is no specific adverse input against IPRS. However, the government is of the opinion that making Members of Parliament and Members of Legislative Assembly direct recipients of foreign contribution would result in making Indian parliamentary institutions vulnerable to foreign agencies, which has the potential to compromise the integrity of Parliament and legislative institutions, thereby providing prejudicial to public interest and national security.\"Besides this, the government has frozen accounts of 32 NGOs and banned 72 other voluntary organizations from receiving foreign contributions for alleged irregularities.The Centre has also cancelled registration of 4,349 NGOs for suspect funding. Around Rs 10,352.07 crore was received by various NGOs as foreign contribution during 2009-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256733", "title": "7 Andhra Pradesh universities fail to meet UGC standards", "text": "HYDERABAD: Indicating the sorry state of higher education in the state, ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has found seven universities in Andhra Pradesh not worthy of '12B status', a hallmark of quality education issued by the University Grants Commission (UGC). Without the 12B status these universities are not eligible for central grants.The seven universities include Palamuru University, Mahbubnagar, Adikavi Nannaya University, Rajahmundry, Krishna University, Machilipatnam, Rayalaseema University, Kurnool, Satavahana University, Karimnagar, Yogi Vemana University, Kadapa, and Vikram Simhapuri University, Nellore. Interestingly, three universities established around the same time namely JNTU, Anantapur, Kakinada and Hyderabad have got 12B status. The seven universities were denied 12B status as they failed to fulfill the minimum requirements of having 15 departments and full-fledged faculty even years after their establishment. Some of the universities are still functioning from a single building.While the universities were not given the status, the state government has given them permission to affiliate colleges in their own districts. Around 200 colleges are affiliated by Adikavi Nannaya University, which still functions from a 40 room Government Arts College, Rajahmundry. Other universities affiliated up to 150 colleges from their districts and surrounding areas. However, admissions to some of the universities falling in the Telangana region are still done by Osmania University.When asked about the approval process, VCs of these universities said that some of them have even stopped trying to get the affiliation. \"In the past four months, we have not tried to get the status as the university is still in its fledgling stage. We are yet to establish centres required for affiliation of colleges,\" said P George Victor, VC of Adikavi Nannaya University. The universities which are provided meagre funds are finding it difficult to run the show without the 12B protection. \"The infrastructure development is still stuck at the fledgling stage. We are yet to establish hostel facilities for resident students,\" said an official from Vikram Simhapuri University.AP State Council of Higher Education (APSCHE) officials said that 12B status is too high a yardstick for these universities. \"It is too early for some of the universities to get this status. The state government knowing the situation has been providing them ample fund to go ahead with the construction. It should, however, be noted that two universities including Mahatma Gandhi University, Nalgonda, and Telangana University, Nizamabad have got the status as they currently have their own campuses\" said P Jayaprakash Rao, chairman of APSCHE. The enrolment rates in these universities, however, tell a different tale. \"In the past three years, the number of students taking fresh admission has not increased even after the universities expanded their scope by establishing more departments,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16259594", "title": "2-year-old boy critical after strays maul him", "text": "MANDYA: A two-year-old boy was grievously injured when a pack of street dogs attacked him outside his house at Beedi Workers' Colony in the city on Monday night. According to family members of the victim Mohammed Javed, the boy had gone outside to answer nature's call when the dogs pounced on him and bit him all over the body.Javed's condition is said to be critical and after initial treatment at Mandya government hospital, he was shifted to St Joseph's Hospital in Mysore. Social worker Rafi Ulla said despite neighbours being around, the dogs mauled the boy with such ferocity that they couldn't save him. The boy lost consciousness after the attack. Doctors at St Joseph's hospital said the condition of the boy was still critical and an operation would have to be conducted.Hospital plastic surgeon Dr HS Ravi told TOI that as the injuries are nearer to brain the boy's condition was serious. \"The operation can be performed only after a week and the boy is being administered anti-rabies and immunoglobins injection,\" he said.Angered by the incident, people blamed the municipality officials over rising cases of stray dog attack on kids. They demanded that officers take strict measures.Mandya municipal chairman Arunkumar told TOI that he will convene a meeting of officials to discuss the dog menace there. \"We will take immediate steps to sterilize the dogs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16259137", "title": "Bookworms throng exhibition at Guru Nanak Khalsa College", "text": "LUDHIANA: A two-day book exhibition, which was organized at Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Gujharkhan campus, concluded on Tuesday.Gurmat Pustak Bhandhar of Model Town displayed books of publishers from various cities of Punjab, including Patiala, Jalandhar and Ludhiana, on subjects ranging from novels, poetry, anthology to cookery, dictionaries and medicine. A separate section was devoted to books on Sikhism and holy scriptures. Students and teachers showed keen interest in the exhibition.Books on the history of Sikhs and historical figures like Hari Singh Nalua were favoured by the students. Principal Kawaljit Kaur said, \"The exhibitions aimed at inculcating reading habits among students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16259870", "title": "Students of PPN Degree College create ruckus on campus", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Pandit Prithvi Nath (PPN) Degree college created ruckus on the campus and had heated arguments with the teachers demand that the direct student body elections should be held instead of electing a student council. The college administration has postponed the elections for the student council. The fresh election dates are yet to be announced.The administration of the PPN degree college had issued a notification on election schedule and had confirmed that the student council will be constituted through elections instead of holding direct elections for the student body. The college authorities had also decided to hold elections strictly on the basis of Lyngdoh committee.When the student leaders came to know about the college's decision, they reached college to meet Principal, Prof SN Singh but he did not meet them. The students raised slogans. They even hurled abuses and threatened teaching staff of the consequences if the student body elections were not conducted.All this led to heated arguments between the students and the teachers. The policemen deployed on the campus pacified the students and asked them to interact with the teachers instead of shouting slogans on the campus.The students launched a signature campaign demanding direct student body elections instead of constitution of student council.A number of students including girls took part in the signature campaign and raised anti-college administration slogans.The student leaders demanded that if within next 24-hours the fresh date of elections for student body elections are not declared, the PPN Student Union will stage a 'dharna' for an indefinite period for which the college administration would be responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258671", "title": "BJP stirs CWG storm, asks CM to quit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monsoon session of the Delhi assembly began with BJP demanding chief minister Sheila Dikshit's resignation over her alleged involvement in corruption in projects related to the 2010 Commonwealth Games .A trial court on Friday held as \"maintainable\" a complaint against Dikshit, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan and Organizing Committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi, alleging their involvement in large-scale corruption during the Games.Skirting the gaps in the decision to regularize unauthorized colonies, BJP chose to corner Dikshit and her MLAs by reviving the ghosts of the CWG scam. Business in the House commenced after two hours of adjournments and mud-slinging between Congress and BJP and the latter staging a walk-out after being denied a special discussion by Speaker Yoganand Shastri on the CM's involvement in the CWG scam.While BJP refrained from holding any protest and demonstration outside the assembly, inside all hell broke lose when the BJP members led by the leader of the opposition, V K Malhotra, and others leaders like Jagdish Mukhi and Harshvardhan labelled the Delhi CM as corrupt and shouted anti-Dikshit slogans like \"Ab yeh spasht hai, Sheila Dikshit bhrasht hai.\" While Dikshit kept mum, other Congress ministers and MLAs tried hard to divert the subject.When the Speaker objected to the behaviour of both sides, the Congress MLAs alleged that the signatures on the letter from Malhotra to the Speaker seeking permission to raise the court case issue was fake. Shastri ordered an inquiry into the matter even as Malhotra maintained that the signatures were genuine. \"These are just diversionary tactics by the ruling party and nothing more,\" Malhotra said. Staging a walkout, BJP leaders said they would take the protest against corruption to the streets.Later in a statement, Dikshit said, \"BJP is in the habit of creating ruckus in the House and they are not at all interested in smooth conduct of business of the House.\" Taking a dig at the BJP's role in Parliament, she added, \"It looks, they are following their senior leaders in the Lok Sabha where logjam continues due to adamant attitude of their party.\" Harvardhan shot back, saying, \"How can the BJP allow the government at the Centre or state to indulge in corrupt practices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262012", "title": "Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 at Shri Shikshayatan College", "text": "They had a Fresher's Welcome alright. But the girls at Shri Shikshayatan College were game for more masti, as a participant announced, 'They didn't let us dance'. And when emcee Jinia wielded the mic and kickstarted the auditions for the Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012, she was greeted by an auditorium full of freshers, who gushed, 'Bring it on!' And they had their reasons. After all, two girls who win this contest might get a chance to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear.Of Munnis &amp; Shalus: The introductory round had the participants talking about their love for shopping, acting, modelling, photography and even cooking! When Shalu showed a jhalak of her dancing skills as she pulled off the Munni badnaam act, Jinia was quick to quip, \"Here, we have a better Munni than Malaika\". Mandovi Mullick, who confessed to reading all the fashion mags, came dressed in a white gown. She had competition in Dikshita Jalan, who turned many heads in a short dress.Crowning Glory: The talent round had 10 girls vying for attention. While most were eager to dance, Madhuri Dutta wowed with her gymnastics. Neha Arora, with hair falling all over her face, scared many with her Manjulika act from Bhool Bhulaiyaa. And when Mandovi, a looker, sang Gulabi aankhen, she had all her classmates joining in. She was adjudged the second runner-up. Rinjini Mitra's classical dance recital won many hearts. She was judge Aniruddha Chakladar's choice for the first runner-up's title. But it was the tall Shreya Chakraborty who won all hearts as she did some belly dancing to Mashallah, churned out by DJ Rinky. She was declared the winner. \"I just love to dance,\" she said before her performance. Aniruddha, who was floored by the show of talent, said, \"All you girls have made me feel so young.\" That was enough to send the girls into a tizzy. If you too want be part of all the fun, log onto itimes . com /freshface today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16250225", "title": "You can be a coach or you can be the coach", "text": "On Teachers' Day, we speak to coaches from the sports fraternity and ask them about the joys and anxieties of mentoring.Pradeep Kumar, National Coach, SwimmingBeing a mentor to young boys and girls is motivation enough. This has inspired me to work for many years. Coaching is not a tough job, but being a consistent coach for a long duration is a challenge. Discipline comes to the coach first. And because of this, coaches end up sacrificing a lot in their life. Nowadays, coaches need to update themselves with what's going on in their students' lives because you can be a coach, or you can be the coach. In all my years as a coach, there have been several moments when I have felt elated; especially when the government acknowledges our efforts, and gives us support.Robert Bobby George, Coach of Olympian Anju Bobby GeorgeCoaching is not my profession, but I became one after seeing the talent in Anju. I love challenges, and initially I took it up as a challenge. The most gratifying thing about being a coach is the experience, especially in my case because I am a self-made coach. Building a relationship with your ward is most important. For instance, during the World Championship in Paris, Anju was down with fever, and couldn't train. I adopted a psychological approach and told her to forget about the championship and asked her to take complete rest for a few days, and even told her we'd go travelling to unwind. During this time, I made sure she ate her favourite food. She started feeling better and then went on to win a medal for India.Sunny Thomas, First National Coach, ShootingI have never believed in coaching one single person. For me, it's always been important to coach Team India. When I was first offered the post in 1993 as the National Coach, I didn't want to take it up because there was no predecessor to look to and learn from. In short, I was not confident about myself. Luckily for me, I was an English professor; so I knew how to discipline my charge. Keeping the team together is the most difficult thing. As coaches, we need to work on their mind, and remember to not measure everyone with the same yardstick. I would say we have come a long way since 1993.Cyrus Poncha, National Coach, SquashUnfortunately, we don't celebrate Teachers' Day enough. I think it's a good day for coaches and their students to celebrate together. The most important thing about being a coach is nurturing talent and making them love the game. We've got to be on their side throughout, even when they've lost. We need to find out what went wrong, instead of admonishing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258272", "title": "NMC seizes 30 hoardings, banners in Gandhibagh zone", "text": "NAGPUR: Waking up from deep slumber, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) started taking action against illegal hoardings and banners from Tuesday. The officials from Gandhibagh Zone removed 19 big and 11 small hoardings and 32 banners erected in illegal manner in Mahal. Besides, the NMC has decided to lodge FIR against the persons erecting hoardings and banners illegally.The illegal hoardings and banners have become a common sight in all parts of the city despite clear directives of the high court. The NMC officials had always turned a blind eye to the issue and didn't take any action against the violators.Sources told TOI that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane had directed the officials to ensure no illegal hoardings and banners are there in the city. Deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Kakade and estate officer DD Jambhulkar collected all information about legal hoardings and banners. Later, the zone offices were directed to remove all illegal hoardings by Saturday.\"Besides, directives have also been issued to concerned officials to file FIR against the violators from Monday,\" said the sources.Meanwhile, the chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari visited two Christian graveyards situated in the city. Tiwari assured to sanction funds of Rs20 lakh for construction of the pathway and shelter-points at the two graveyards. Later, Sole and Tiwari also held meeting of BoT projects proposed in the budget especially the market plazas and weekly vegetable, fruit and mutton markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259223", "title": "Teacher's Day: They\u2019re a class apart", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On former president of India Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan's birthday, lakhs of teachers will be honoured and greeted by their students. Students in the city had been anxiously waiting for Teacher's Day, when they get a chance to tell the teachers how important they are and what is it about them that inspires and motivates.The student-teacher relationship is considered a sacred one according to the Indian values, which makes the day all the more important in the Indian education system. Today, teachers are no less than idols among the senior students and no less than a parent for the tiny tots.At Guru Nanak Public School (GNPS) in the city, teachers Devinder Kaur Saini and Bhupinder Singh have been voted as the best teachers by students.A Class X student from GNPS, Jashndeep Singh says he has composed a song \"I am so lucky to have you in my life\" for his favourite teachers and will sing it this Teacher's Day at the school. Head of Punjabi department at GNPS, Devinder Kaur has been working at the Sarabha Nagar school for 30 years and manages to be the favourite till now.\"Teaching gives me great satisfaction... each day is a new experience and I have learned to be a part of students' lives,\" says Kaur.\"Devinder ma'am not only helps us with academic lessons, but also guides us about every sphere of life,\" says Class XII student Harman Kaur of Dugri.HOD of physical education Bhupinder Singh's friendly and co-operative nature has made him a favourite among both boys and girls. He has been working with GNPS for 12 years and had won 400m silver medal twice at the all India inter-university meet.School headboy Sukhnindan Singh of Dugri Road says, \"All of us consider Bhupinder sir as our idol and look up to him whenever we find ourselves in any trouble. We are free to discuss our problems with him anytime of the day... even outside the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258713", "title": "CBSE awards teachers for efforts to promote CCE", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education honoured 15 mentors and 32 teachers from across the country on Tuesday for their innovation and contribution in the field of education. Introduced for the first time, the mentor award is being given for efforts to promote Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE).Meanwhile, three Delhi teachers are on the list of educators who will be honoured by the President on Teachers' Day on Wednesday and receive the 'National Award to Teachers 2011'. The award has been instituted by the ministry for human resource development, which includes a certificate of merit, cash award of Rs 25,000 and a silver medal.The three teachers who will receive the national award from the President are principal of Bal Bharti School, Ganga Ram Road, LV Sehgal, principal of DPS RK Puram, D R Saini and principal of DAV Public School, Shrestha Vihar, Premlata Garg. \"We should all strive to create an environment to improve the teacher-student relationship,\" said Sehgal.At CBSE, this was the first batch to receive the newly-constituted award. The 15 mentors were identified by CBSE to help schools implement CCE effectively. \"The mentor awards were established to recognize efforts of a few principals selected as mentors to incorporate best practices developed by schools and bring together successes created in CCE adoption,\" said chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi. The awards were given away by MoS for human resource development, D Purandeswari.Pallavi Sharma, principal of Mamta Modern Senior Secondary School, Vikaspuri, one of the 15 mentors, spoke about challenges of CCE and right to education. \"During implementation of CCE, we faced resistance from parents and students. Also. teachers had to be trained on methods that were not in practice so far,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16258066", "title": "BJP launches signature campaign for PM ouster", "text": "IMPHAL: As the saffron party spreads its campaign against the coal blocks allocation scandal across the country, the state unit of BJP on Monday kicked off a signature campaign under the banner 'Why are you still silent Prime Minister' at its Imphal office.The unit's president, Sh Shantikumar Sharma, formally launched the campaign, which was later carried out by members of the Mahila Morcha under the leadership of its vice-president A Sharda Devi.Though BJP's weeklong nationwide campaign demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh began on Saturday last, the Manipur unit started its stir only on Monday, Sharma said, adding that it would continue in an effective manner till Friday. During Monday's drive, the Mahila Morcha members collected signatures from hundreds of people, mostly passersby, at the capital. The Morcha's state president, K Mema Devi, said the campaign would cover other districts of the state in a phased manner.The move came barely 10 days after the saffron party's national president Nitin Gadkari felicitated a large number of political heavyweights who recently joined the party, including former Union minister of state Thounoujam Chaoba Singh and hordes of ex-ministers and legislators, at a formal function in Imphal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257164", "title": "Net-savvy youth caught in terror network", "text": "HYDERABAD: The communal violence in Madannapet in April seems to be the decisive incident which prompted youngster Obaidur Rahman to zero in on his targets, two corporators and a leader of a right-wing organisation. In all communal incidents in the last three years, a TDP corporator from the Old City had a direct or indirect role. However, the Madannapet incident seems to have widened the net of targets of the terror suspect.Sources said they have established that Rahman was in contact with his handlers through the internet. Intelligence officials said the terror suspect's handlers in Saudi Arabia were particular in choosing educated persons well-versed with the internet as they needed to use 'Skype' and other tools for being in touch with their handlers in other countries. Nanded-based terror suspect Akram, who developed rapport with the main conspirators in Saudi Arabia, allegedly zeroed in on Rahman since he knew that he was good in using internet tools.Investigators are verifying the Sim cards recovered from Rahman as they found that they were allegedly bought on fictitious names. They are also scanning call details of Rahman to find out whether he was in touch with members of the Karnataka terror module. It is learnt that Rahman reportedly visited Nanded on the invitation of Akram. Four persons were arrested by the Anti- Terrorist Squad (ATS) from the city in Maharashtra. Rahman is also accused of providing shelter to Akram and his three associates when they came to the city to conduct a recce on their targets.Though so much of clandestine planning was taking place in the city, the Hyderabad police were clueless and continue to maintain that they have no information about the terror module involving Rahman. Ever since the Hyderabad police's sham exercise of picking up innocent youngsters got exposed post Mecca Masjid blast, the city police have become lax with regard to surveillance on suspected elements having ties with terror outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259949", "title": "Loyolites set to come together", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore alumni chapter of Loyola College , Chennai, is being revived by a group of former Loyolites who have made Bangalore their home for decades. The chapter will be inaugurated on September 7 by Fr Xavier Alphonse, director of Loyola College Alumni.Around 30 members of the chapter are keen on creating an alumni of their alma mater by connecting with former students who are staying in Karnataka.The event will be held at Hotel Regaalis, 40/2, Lavelle Road. Former students of the college staying in Karnataka can participate in the function which starts at 7pm. For details, contact Narendra Desirazu at 9980819857 or narendrad@yahoo.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16260086", "title": "Skydiver falls 13,000 ft; lives to tell the tale", "text": "LONDON: Lucky escape! A skydiver whose parachute failed to open, miraculously survived a 13,000 feet fall, landing into a muddy bog that saved his life. Liam Dunne, 35, who is a father of two, broke his back after dramatically crashing into the ground at high speed and landing in the soft, waterlogged area.His reserve parachute opened at the last moment on the horrifying descent at a festival in Moteuko, New Zealand, but it was still too late to prevent him suffering serious injury, the Daily Telegraph reported.Dunne, originally from St Annes, Lancashire, was treated at the scene by medics and taken to a specialist spinal unit in Christchurch where doctors have said he should walk again.Since the accident two weeks ago, he has astonished doctors with his recovery after undergoing surgery to insert metal pins into his shattered spine.Speaking from his hospital bed, Dunne said: \"Those last 1,000 feet it was like 'here we go, this is it' . It wasn't nice. But that said, it was a one in a million accident and a one in a million save.\"Skydiving is an awesome sport, and I've done 4,000 jumps and never had a problem ,\" he said.Dunne, who now lives in Taupo, said, \"he went into an unrecoverable spin, had to ditch his main chute, and couldn't find the reserve canopy's handle. It finally opened just 228 metres from the ground.\"As my reserve chute was coming out I realized it was too late, so I just braced for the impact. Luckily I hit the softest patch of ground on the whole airfield. I bounced hard and my whole left side went numb,\" he said.He jumped from the plane in good weather conditions but the main parachute completely failed to activate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258635", "title": "Millennium Park may get Metro link station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro is going the green way - literally. DMRC has approached Delhi Development Authority (DDA) asking for land to build an interchange Metro station inside Millennium Indraprastha Park in southeast Delhi. Senior DDA officials confirmed that they had received the request from DMRC, but it was still preliminary and they had not examined the request yet.Established in 2004, the sprawling Millennium Indraprastha Park is one of the newest parks in the capital spread over 34 hectares, stretching to 2.7km along the Ring Road. According to DMRC, the land in Millennium Park is needed for the Metro station coming up in Phase-III of the network. The station, Hazrat Nizamuddin, will be integrated with the bus terminus at Sarai Kale Khan and the rail station. An underground station, it will have its exit and entry points within the Millennium Park as well as the ancillary buildings.A Metro official said, \"The request letter for the land was sent a couple of months ago to DDA.\"A survey of the land required has already been undertaken by the land agency, said Delhi Metro officials. A meeting with DDA on the issue is also scheduled for this week, said officials. \"If there are any suggestions by the DDA regarding the land requirement, we are willing to look into it and incorporate changes, if required, after discussions,\" added the Delhi Metro official.While DMRC didn't reveal how much of the Millennium Park is required to be taken over to build the station, officials said that \"substantial\" part of the station would be abutting the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257045", "title": "BJP's pro-Telangana protest turns violent", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP's pro-Telangana agitation in Delhi turned violent on Tuesday when the party cadre tried to march towards the Prime Minister's residence prompting the police to use water cannons and tear gas shells to quell them. In the ensuing clash, 30 persons including MLA Lakshminarayana sustained injuries. The police took over 2,000 activists into custody and released them later, a party spokesperson said. The injured were admitted to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital.The protest march led by BJP leader Prakash Javadekar started during the afternoon from Jantar Mantar, where G Kishan Reddy, president of AP BJP, is holding a three-day deeksha (hunger strike). The agitators were stopped by the police near the Parliament Street police station. The BJP ranks tried to break open the barricades even as the leaders had heated arguments with the police. With protesters marching towards the PM's residence and not heeding to the police warning, the latter were forced to open water cannons and burst tear gas shells.Condemning the police reaction, BJP leader Ch Vidyasagar Rao said, \"Apart from breaking its promise on Telangana, the Congress is using force to suppress the voice of the region and has turned the venue of peaceful protest into a war zone. The BJP is ready for war and will realise the Telangana dream even at the cost of the lives of its people.\"Later in the evening, leader of the opposition in Rajya Sabha, Arun Jaitley addressed a public rally at Jantar Mantar. He said, \"Three new states created during the NDA regime are growing rapidly and the BJP wants to see the same growth in Telangana. But, the Congress with its regressive policy is coming in the way. However, the BJP won't rest till AP is bifurcated.\"On Wednesday, when Kishan Reddy would conclude his deeksha, leader of the opposition Sushma Swaraj and senior BJP leader L K Advani are scheduled to separately address a public rally at Jantar Mantar.While Sushma Swaraj will address the gathering in the morning, Advani is slated to speak in the evening before the state BJP unit chief breaks his fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257932", "title": "Factory owner shot at in Narela", "text": "NEW DELHI: Robbers shot at a plastic factory owner in the DSIIDC area of Narela around 1pm on Tuesday and took away his SUV along with a large amount of cash. The middle-aged businessman, Ashish, was seriously injured.Police said the Pitampura resident was carrying more than Rs 5 lakh from home when two robbers in an i10 car intercepted him at his factory gate. One of them demanded the cash bag, and when Ashish refused he was shot at through the car window. As Ashish slumped in the seat, the robbers fled with his car and the cash.Ashish was rushed to a private hospital nearby, and then shifted to Fortis Hospital. Doctors said he is out of danger. No arrests have been made but police suspect the robbers knew Ashish was carrying money. A case of attempt to murder and robbery has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257271", "title": "CBI seeks ED help to probe Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to file at least six more FIRs shortly, and enlist the cooperation of the Enforcement Directorate as part of a widening probe into coal auction scam which surpasses the 2G scam in scale, and has jammed Parliament for over two weeks, placing corruption prominently on the national frontburner.CBI has also listed \"unknown\" government officials in the FIRs registered for cheating, criminal conspiracy and under many sections of Prevention of Corruption Act as preliminary investigations showed that some officials involved in the allocation process may have colluded with private players.Tuesday saw CBI teams carrying out raids in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Patna, Kolkata, Nagpur, Dhanbad, Ranchi, Hyderabad, Bhilai, Yavatmal and Raipur among others. They recovered several documents related to the cases and questioned officials including directors of the accused companies.The FIR against Navabharat Power accuses its original promoters, P Trivikrama Prasad and Y Harish Chandra Prasad, of fabricating facts to secure Rampia and Dipside Rampia coal blocks. The Prasad siblings later sold the company to Essar Power.The fifth FIR features Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Limited, with the CBI accusing Sanjeev Kumar Tulsyan, Prashant Tulsyan and five other directors as well as the company's chartered accountant of making the false claim that they were part of a consortium. According to the FIR, the directors misrepresented facts in order to appear financially viable. Significantly, one of the directors, Vaibhav Tulsyan, told TOI that they had sold the company to Vijay Joshi, a close aide of former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda, five months before the block was allocated.The FIRs come when the confrontation between Congress and BJP looks set to intensify. Not surprisingly, CBI's action evoked contrary responses from the two antagonists. Congress responded by suggesting that the law was taking its own course and that the government would ensure that the guilty don't go unpunished.\"If anyone has resorted to such wrongdoing, then not only his coal block allocation will be cancelled but he will be in jail. I can guarantee you,\" coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal told reporters, as he shrugged aside suggestions of him being linked to the Jayaswals of Abhijeet group.BJP saw the raids as a vindication of its agitation against Coalgate and harped on the fact that it was a complaint by its party MPs to the Central Vigilance Commission which set the stage for the CBI probe into the allocation of coal blocks. \"CBI raids today are on the basis of our complaint to the CVC. This is just the beginning, but it proves that there have been wrongdoings in the coal block allocations,\" party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.\"The cases have been registered on allegations related to getting coal blocks allocated on the basis of misrepresentations and false claims in the applications, presentations and connivance/lack of due diligence on part of public servants. Promoters of some of these companies have allegedly sold their stakes in an irregular manner after allocation of coal blocks,\" said CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra.CBI sources claimed that the Dardas withheld the fact that they already had coal blocks in order to get new ones.According to Mishra, JAS Infrastructure, which was allocated Mahuagarhi coal block in Jharkhand, as well as JLD Yavatmal, which was allocated coal block in Fatehpur east in Chhattisgarh , misrepresented facts. The third Darda company under the scanner, AMR Iron and Steel which got Bander coal block in Chandrapur, Maharashtra, had also made wrong claims, she said.The FIR against the original promoters of Navabharat Power said the accused persons misrepresented facts about other companies supporting their project in order to become eligible.Interestingly, after coal blocks were allocated to Navabharat Power, the company was taken over by Essar group's Essar Power in 2010 \"at very high rates\", the CBI said.In the case against Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd, its directors \u2014 Sanjeev Kumar Tulsyan, Prashant Tulsyan, Vaibhav Tulsyan, Nisha Tulsyan, Vimal Kumar Tulsyan, Nirmala Tulsyan, Hemant Kumar Aggarwal \u2014 and chartered accountant of the company Navin Kumar were booked. The company had got Rajhara North coal block in Jharkhand.The accused persons misrepresented facts about joint ventures and their net worth. \"While applying for coal block, Vini officials made false claims that they had a tie-up with 15 companies and showed the firms' funds as theirs. We spoke to these 15 companies and nine out of these 15 informed that they never joined Vini Iron and Steel,\" said a CBI officer.Subsequently, Vini's promoters reportedly sold the company to Vijay Joshi, a close aide of former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda, five months before the coal blocks were allocated. Vaibhav Tulsyan told TOI, \"We were the original applicants for this coal block but when Vijay Joshi approached us to buy the company, we sold it five months before the block was allocated. Why is CBI hounding us? They should go to people who run the company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258639", "title": "Anil Kakodkar terms Sun, nuclear power answers to India's energy needs", "text": "PANAJI: Contrary to public perception that older methods of energy generation are safer compared to nuclear energy, data proves that the fatalities per kilowatt-hour are least in nuclear energy \"even accounting for Chernobyll,\" said Anil Kakodkar, former chairman of Atomic Energy Commission of India.Delivering a lecture on \"Challenges of promoting a green economy\" at the International Centre of Goa, Dona Paula, on Tuesday, Kakodkar said that the only other energy form that compares favourably with nuclear energy in the safety aspect is solar energy.Kakodkar drew an analogy to drive home his point. People widely believe that travel by car is the safest, by train carries a higher risk and by air is the riskiest. But in terms of deaths, data proves that travel by plane is the safest and by car the riskiest, Kakodkar said.Arguing his point further in defense of nuclear energy, Kakodkar said that environmental radiation that people are exposed to even in normal rooms is 100 times higher than the radiation at the fence post of a nuclear plant. People are fearful of nuclear energy because they first learnt of it through nuclear weapons.Society will come to terms with nuclear energy but it will take time, Kakodkar said.The former chairman of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre also said that thorium and solar energy, both of which are green, are the only answers to India's energy needs. India needs to make the transition from fossil energy to green energy quickly because at the present level of energy consumption, existing resources like coal will not last long. Though potential for hydro power is huge, it will contribute only about 7% of India's galloping energy needs.Kakodkar cited some opportunities in the use of renewable energy. He suggested the use of standalone solar-powered motors for agriculture which are presently fed from grids. This will ensure they work only when the sun shines and prevent water wastage. Once the grid is freed from these non-paying consumers, electricity tariff will reduce and benefit the economy .He also proposed the idea of using solar energy for lighting in rural areas. If this is done, not only will India save on huge subsidies given on kerosene, but emissions polluting the atmosphere will also be eliminated.Kakodkar had a wry observation to make on India and Indians. \"We Indians are a great people, full of ideas. But the ideas don't translate into reality because we lack the eco-systems. Put the same fellow in the US and he does wonders and then I say that fellow was not as bright as I,\" said Kakodkar, adding that we need to create eco-systems in education, in government and in industry.Dismissing the perceived problem of garbage, Kakodkar said that if garbage is segregated at source, recycled or treated as applicable, it can generate methane, manure, etc. \"There is no waste. Every waste is a resource,\" said Kakodkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16258794", "title": "Mastermind of emu contract farming fraud held", "text": "COIMBATORE: M S Guru, the biggest promoter of emu contract farming, was arrested by Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of Tamil Nadu police from his hideout near Hogenakkal in Dharmapuri district on Monday afternoon for financial fraud, cheating over 12,000 investors. Guru had gone into hiding on August 7 along with his family and seven key officials of his firm after the contract farming scam came to light in Perundurai, Erode district. He was hiding at a relative's house in Uthalamali, a remote village on the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border.Based on a tip off, EOW's special investigation team led by Trichy DSP V Manthiramoorthy nabbed Guru around 1.30 pm. He was taken to the EOW office in Erode and will be produced before a Coimbatore court dealing with cases under Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors (In Financial Establishments) Act-1997 on Wednesday. EOW SP P R Venmathi said that the wing would seek police custody of Guru on Wednesday to unravel the details of the scam and its perpetrators.EOW has already received 3700 complaints against Guru while fresh complaints are still pouring in. The filed complaints alone are worth Rs 143 crore. Guru, now in his late twenties, started the contract farming business at the age of 18. He lured investors through advertisement campaigns featuring film stars Sathyaraj and Sarath Kumar.Police have intensified their search for Guru's senior officials and other leading players in the emu racket. Pioneer of emu contract farming business in Tamil Nadu, Guru had spread his wings across the country in a short time span. Special teams have been searching for Kathirvel, Maharaja, Thirumurthy, Senthil, Suresh, Kannan and Amuthan for the past two weeks in Kerala, Puduchery, Chennai and Bangalore. They are the senior officers of Susi farms implicated in the case.When police raided the Susi Farms head office in Perundurai, they were unable to find the account books and computers were locked with passwords. A few employees revealed that they were unaware of the full scale of their operations. They also admitted that no proper accounts were kept regarding the deposits collected.Recently, the company had floated restaurants in Delhi, Puducherry and Bangalore where most of the dishes included emu meat. Guru, who claimed to have purchased more than 250 acres of land near Sathyamangalam to manufacture emu meat based products, was arrested earlier when he started releasing advertisements misusing pictures of former president A P J Abdul Kalam . He is also said to have started manufacturing emu skin based toilet soaps, emu fat based pain relief oil and emu skin based leather bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259076", "title": "Fire brigade rescues bus passengers from underpass", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city fire brigade rescued passengers of a bus who were stuck at the clogged Akhbarnagar underpass on Monday night.It was a harrowing experience for the passengers when the bus got stuck in the waterlogged underpass.According to firemen, they got a call at 11.30 pm on Monday when a bus of Rajasthan State Transport Corporation got stuck in the Akhbarnagar underpass. \"When we questioned the nearby residents, we got to know that the driver had taken risk of driving into the waters despite several warnings from the residents. He had, in fact, removed the barricade and even the safety mark as he was confident that he would be able to drive. However, when the bus reached the middle of the underpass, it got stuck and he had to call for help,\" said Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES.There were five passengers onboard. \"The bus had come from Bhilwada and was going towards Geeta Mandir. Out of five passengers, one was heart patient who had come to the city for treatment. When our team reached the spot and asked them to come out, they were afraid and refused initially. After some coaxing, they were taken on a boat and rescued safely. The team then pulled the bus with ropes and got it out,\" said Bhatt. He said that apart from waterlogging and fallen tree complaints, one of the season's highest rainfall days had remained peaceful. EMRI 108 officials said that they received calls about road accidents mainly from western city parts. \"After the roads got cleared late in the night, the number of calls decreased,\" said an official.Torrent Power officials said that around 41,000 power connections were affected due to the incessant rains. However, no uprooting of electric poles was reported in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16259367", "title": "President to felicitate six Bihar teachers today", "text": "PATNA: President Pranab Mukherjee will felicitate Rajiv Ranjan Sinha, principal of Baldwin Academy, Patna, along with five other teachers of the state, with the national award for teachers at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on Wednesday.The Baldwin principal has been selected for the National Award to Teachers by the government of India, in recognition to his 30 years of teaching and administrative services as a geography teacher, lecturer-cum-HoD and school principal. He is the first principal from the CBSE, Patna region, to be felicitated with this award.Earlier, Sinha had received the Principal's Award by Bihar governor and teachers award by various organizations besides Rashtriya Gaurav Award in 2007. His vocational milestones include appointment as head examiner in social science (2000-2005), regional subject expert in social science/geography (2001-2012), CBSE city coordinator (2001-2006) and chief nodal supervisor, evaluation (2008-2012).Five other government schoolteachers from Bihar selected for the award are Jaidev Kumar Das, in charge headmaster of Triveni Nayak Middle School (Katihar), Prabodh Kumar, in charge headmaster, Rajkiya Middle School, Pakardih (Bodh Gaya), Pushpa Malti Devi, headmistress, Parwalpur Middle School (Nalanda), Sadakant Shukla, headmaster, Rajkiya Middle School, Ghoghraha, Ramnagar (West Champaran) and Obaidur Rahman, assistant teacher, Rajkiya Parvati Girls' Middle School, Ramnagar (West Champaran).The teachers will also pay a courtesy visit to PM Manmohan Singh and attend a lunch hosted by Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal. The President gives the National Award for Teachers on September 5 every year in recognition of the efforts of teachers working in primary, middle and secondary schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16259324", "title": "LPG shortage as truckers refuse to ply in Malabar", "text": "Kozhikode: As tanker lorries carrying LPG from Mangalore are unwilling to enter into state roads after the reports on the attack on tanker lorry workers at various parts of Malabar in the backdrop of Chala tanker lorry accident, Malabar is going to be in the grip of acute shortage of LPG.The arrival of gas tanker Lorries from Mangalore almost stopped at the gas bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) in Chelari in Malappruam, which is the only bottling and distribution centre for all the five districts in Malabar region.Sources at IOC plant at Chelari said in place of 18 to 20 gas tanker Lorries which daily arrived from Mangalore, only three Lorries arrived at the plant on Tuesday. As about fifty gas tankers which arrived at the plant for last one week did not return back to Mangalore to collect LPG the issue is going to be seriously affect the LPG distribution across Malabar region in the coming days.The situation is very serious as the bottling plant has the stock for the distribution of only one more day, the source said adding that the stock with the plant is too insufficient to meet the demand of Malabar districts. \"As the transportation of gas through train tankers had stopped, we have to depend only the gas plant at Mangalore,\" he said adding that the government should intervene immediately to resolve the issue. The retail gas distributors in Malabar also should demand for an immediate solution for the issue, he said.It was after the gas tanker tragedy occurred at Chala in Kannur which claimed 19 lives last week, the tanker lorry workers were threatened and attacked in some parts of Malabar region, mostly in Kannur. Following the reports on attack, the drivers- majority among them are from Tamil Nadu and Karnataka,- started to express their unwillingness to drive gas tankers through Kerala roads.IOC official said drivers are not allowed even to park the vehicles on the road side to have tea or lunch, and they are being widely threatened by the public who are concerned over their safety. 'We cannot force the drivers as we can't ensure them protection without the support of state police', he said. He also informed that the drivers of the lorries, which were halted at the parking area of the plant at Chelari for last one week, have already left for their native states and they will return only after the issue is resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257704", "title": "Talent search exam to be held only for Std X", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Examination Council has clarified that the national talent search examination (NTSE) will be conducted only for Std X students from this year onwards. The exam, which has also been held for Std VIII students for several years, stands cancelled, it said.The clarification comes in the wake of the confusion that prevailed among parents and students who were unaware of the change. The National Council of Educational Research and Training ( NCERT) conducts this exam nationwide annually to identify talented students and nurture them.\"My son started preparing for the talent search examination as soon as he passed Std VII,\" said Arvind Sharma, a parent. \"He even joined a coaching class for which we paid a fee of Rs 2,500. However, now we have learnt that the exam will not be conducted for Std VIII. It is very frustrating. We have lost our money as the terms and conditions of the coaching class mentioned that fees will not be returned if admission is cancelled.\"Sharma said that several other parents faced similar problems and that they had learnt about the change from the coaching class teacher.Kishan Agarwal, another parent said, \"These decisions should be taken before the academic year begins. Government officials must see to it that they do not cause inconvenience to the students. If they had cancelled the exam for Std VIII, it should have been announced in February or latest by March. We learned about it in July, which is very unfair.\"P G Kulkarni, who coaches for the NTSE exam said, \"We do keep an update on the date announcement for the examination. When the dates were announced by the council we read that the exam would be conducted for Std X. However, the announcement did not mention that the exam for Std VIII had been cancelled. There was confusion and we got it clarified from the examination council. It was a major disappointment as not just our efforts, but the efforts of the students have been wasted.\"Mahavir Manerane, commissioner of the Maharashtra State Examination Council, said, \"The exam is conducted by a Union government body. We received a notification in July, after which we publicised it. That's where the delay occurred. It is known that the NTSE exam is conducted for one standard only, so there is no need to be confused. Nevertheless, students should not be disappointed as the syllabus for the 'National Means-cum-Merit Scholarship' is the same, so their preparation will not be wasted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258952", "title": "Masterji who helps slum kids go to big schools", "text": "RANCHI: Ejaz repairs mobile phones as a professional but he is a teacher by hobby. His students are not from well-off families but are the children of fruit and vegetable vendors or ragpickers. These children who never thought of holding a pen are now studying in reputable institutions in city after passing out from Ejaz's school Prerna Samajik Vikas Vidyalay.Ejaz said, \"I had to quit studies and start working at a very early age because of financial problems in the family and I know the pain of being a dropout. I have studied till Class X and am imparting that knowledge to the children who are unable to go to school so that they do not suffer the way I did.\"He started his school in 2006 at his home near Karbala Chowk. The biggest problem that he faced was to convince the parents of the children to let them study. \"I went from door to door trying to convince them the benefits of being educated and soon they started sending their children to me,\" said Ejaz.The problems did not end here for Ejaz. As he had no place to teach the students, he started teaching them on the terrace of his home but the studies were always disturbed by rain, heat or cold.Ejaz said, \"It was really difficult. I sold many of my household things and borrowed money from friends to make a room for teaching the children so that their study is not disturbed.\"Even today, there are no separate rooms for different classes and curtains work as partitions between two classes. With the passage of time, many people joined Ejaz and left but his friend Mohammad Tauhid stood by him and helped him in his noble deed. Tauhid said, \"When he (Ejaz) told me about his dream of teaching poor kids, I appreciated it and thought no other work could be better so I started teaching children with him.\"At present, there are 70 students in Ejaz's school. \"Many students passed out from here and are studying in schools like St. Anna, St. Paul and St. John's. It was difficult convincing their parents to get them enrolled in big schools but many agreed after a bit of persuasion,\" he said.Mohammad Ibrahim, a student at Ejaz's school, said, \"Abba (my father) is a vegetable vendor and I help him in his work. Initially, he was reluctant to send me to some big school but after masterjee spoke to him he is now ready to get me enrolled in some good school.\"Excitement was visible in his eyes when he said, \"I used to see students going to big schools in buses wearing uniforms and was jealous of them but now I think I will soon join them.\"After working so hard, Ejaz has one complain against the government. He said, \"Our school is enlisted with the government under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan but till date we have not received any help from government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258427", "title": "26/7 deluge victim wins 4 lakh insurance payout", "text": "Mumbai: Seven years after the July 26 deluge, a consumer forum recently ordered the New India Insurance Company Ltd to pay a Juhu resident Rs 3.84 lakh he had claimed after his car was severely damaged due to the flood waters. The company will also pay the complainant A B Gupta Rs 10,000 as costs of the complaint.A B Gupta owned a Honda city car which was insured with the company. The car was however inundated in the 2005 deluge and suffered severe damages Gupta then filed an insurance claim and sought Rs 5.16 lakh in damages. However, since the insurance company only sent Gupta cheque of Rs 1.98 lakh he refused to accept it. On a later date the insurance company sent Gupta Rs 3.76 lakh through its agent. Once again Gupta did not accept this and stated that the amount due to him was Rs 3.84 lakh. In March 2007, Gupta sent a legal notice to the company and sought the amount with 18 % interest. However, the insurance refused. The company then said that since it had made an error in calculation the amount payable was only Rs 3.28 lakh. Aggrieved, Gupta filed a complaint in the forum on March 13, 2008.The insurance company filed its response and said that according the estimations presented by surveyor, the damages incurred, it was liable to pay only Rs 1.98 lakh. The company also alleged that a senior surveyor was later appointed by them and he pegged the damage at Rs 3.84 lakh. It further stated that the repairs for the car had cost Gupta Rs 5.16 lakh . However, since Gupta had got a discount at the service centre where the car was repaired, he only paid Rs 3.76 lakh and this was the amount the insurance company had then agreed to pay him.However, the forum held that insurance company could not keep accepting and rejecting the survey report according to its own will. The forum held the company guilty of deficiency of service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258300", "title": "China Town enters CBSE schools", "text": "NAGPUR: The tremendous growth of Chinese economy has got the financial world's attention and despite low level of English speakers there, the success story looks intact. Hence, it is no surprise that the world is now queuing up to learn their language and bridge the linguistic gap. One of the institutions all set to jump on the Chinese bandwagon is the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).The board's academic and training director Sadhana Parashar has informed all affiliated schools that they can offer Mandarin as a foreign language for Std VI from this academic session itself. Schools have been given the option to offer the course from the current academic session itself. Parashar has told schools in a letter that \"in order to cater to the diverse needs of students in a globalized world, CBSE offers 34 languages at the secondary and senior secondary level out of which 10 are foreign languages. In view of China emerging as one of the major global economies and Mandarin being spoken by a large population of the world, the board offers Chinese in class VI from current academic session\".The CBSE has listed its general objectives of teaching Mandarin as \"building proficiency in the skills of listening, reading, writing and speaking\". The board says that by the end of middle school (Std VIII) students will be able to participate in simple social conversations, read with proper rhythm and intonation methods and techniques along with responding in simple written Mandarin.The board is meeting with interested schools on September 6 to take the initiative further. The CBSE is also willing to offer tutor services at the NCR region to teach the beginner module at Std VI level. Tutors will rely on software and encourage self-study of the language lab software. Regular assessments will be conducted every month and feedback will be given by the tutor.Since the offer has come from the board after the session began no school in Nagpur is currently interested. Also the lack of trained Mandarin tutors will hamper the problem for such courses to be offered.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad/warangal", "code": "16256814", "title": "Rain leaves crops, roads in tatters in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD/WARANGAL: Heavy rain continued to lash several parts of the state, paralysing road and rail traffic for the second day on Tuesday as Mahbubabad in Warangal district was battered with 22 cm rain in the last 24 hours. The toll in rain-related incidents has gone up to eight with the death of three more persons. Rivulets, tanks and streams gushed onto the roads following the torrential rains in the last two days due to low pressure over the Bay which has now moved northwards towards Odisha and lay centred between Odisha and Chhattisgarh.As many as 150 villages remained cut off in Khammam and Warangal districts where the overflowing rivulets inundated several areas and brought traffic to a grinding halt, while agriculture crops in 2,000 hectares suffered damage in Warangal. Several localities in Nizamabad and Mahbubabad towns continued to remain in sheets of flood waters.Thousands of stranded passengers were relieved after train services between Kazipet and Vijayawada sections were restored on Tuesday morning. On Monday night, eight trains between Secunderabad and Vijayawada were cancelled and 27 trains diverted after a part of the railway track at Gundratimadugu in Warangal district was hanging loose with the soil and gravel getting washed away. A large portion of the track in Garla mandal in Khammam was also flooded.Officials said 1200 hectares of paddy and 800 hectares of cotton was damaged in the heavy downpour in Warangal. G Lakshman, 45, was swept away in Dornakal tank, while a Singareni coal mine worker K Anand, 45, died at KTK-I incline when the roof collapsed on him at Bhupalapally following incessant rains. Coal production in Kothagudem in Khammam was affected, while the excavation work in opencast mines in Adilabad was severely hit as the mines were flooded.With the Katakshapur tank overflowing, hundreds of private and government vehicles were stranded on NH-202 in Warangal district. A total of 11 tanks breached due to heavy inflows into the tanks in the last 24 hours. Dayyalavagu, Gundlavagu, Medivagu and Dussavagu tanks at Mulugu, Venkatapur and Ghanpur mandals overflowed at several places. Six fishermen, who went missing in the high sea in Uppalaguptam mandal in East Godavari on Monday evening, were found and rescued near Katrenikona on Tuesday morning, much to the relief of their families.However, tragedy struck a group of fishermen when one of them drowned after their boat capsized in the sear near Guppedupeta village in Polaki mandal in Srikakulam mandal due to the strong current and gushing winds. Five fishermen ventured into the sea on the country-made boat. While four of them swam to safety, Appa Rao, 50, drowned in the waters.Thanks to the heavy inflows, the Prakasam barrage across Krishna river in Krishna district received huge inflows due to rains in upstream areas. The authorities lifted all the gates to release waters downstream.Met officials said Mulug (Warangal) and Mednur (Nizamabad) recorded 18 cm and 13 cm rain. Vizianagaram recorded a maximum of 8 cm, S Kota (Vizianagaram) 7 cm and several places had rains in excess of 5 cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262724", "title": "Kat or Anushka- Who\u2019ll wear Yash Chopra's signature white saree?", "text": "With just a Swiss schedule left to shoot, Yash Chopra will have to decide on who gets to wear his signature white sareeYash Chopra's leading ladies through the years have had a penchant for chiffon sarees. And at least for one scene in every film, they have wrapped themselves in nine yards of pristine white. While Rekha donned the coveted white saree during a face-off scene with Jaya Bachchan in Chopra's 1981 blockbuster Silsila , Sridevi as Chandni, eight years later, replicated her style and with great success. This time around, the filmmaker is however, a tad bit confused. According to sources from the set, Chopra is undecided over which heroine should don the popular attire - Katrina Kaif or Anushka Sharma.So far the roles of both the actresses have been kept under wraps. However, pictures from the sets have revealed that while Katrina plays Shah Rukh Khan's coy ladylove, Anushka's character is more of a tomboy friend of the hero. \"Katrina will be seen wearing a lot of sarees in the film. But that doesn't mean that Anushka wouldn't,\" said a source close to the venture.  Also, the source added that though Katrina is YRF's current blue-eyed girl, Chopra Sr is quite fond of Anushka since her Band Baaja Baraat days. \"One of them will surely get to wear the white saree. But right now it is undecided,\" the source told us.Considering most of the film is ready and just one schedule reportedly in Switzerland is left, the makers have to make up their minds soon enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16259414", "title": "Cattle fair revenue scam unearthed", "text": "GAYA: A scandal involving pocketing of the Bhusunda cattle fair revenue by the employees of Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) came to light at the meeting of the corporation's Standing Committee here on Monday. More than half-a-dozen employees are said to be involved in the embezzlement.The venue of Bhusunda cattle fair earlier used to be auctioned to the highest bidder for collection of revenue. Making a departure from this established practice, the GMC this year decided to do the revenue collection directly and deputed five of its employees for the purpose. The notification for the departmental collection of revenue from the cattle fair was issued on April 12 this year and five GMC employees were issued receipts for collection of revenue. Though these employees started collecting municipal revenue soon thereafter, not a single rupee was deposited in the corporation's account. Instead, the collectors pocketed the entire revenue.As per the financial rules, public money has to be mandatorily deposited in the government account within 24 hours of collection. Any further delay in deposit falls in the embezzlement category and is a punishable criminal act in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Penal Code.Asked why was the practice of public auction of the cattle fair venue dispensed with and a decision taken to get the revenue collected departmentally by the GMC staff, municipal commissioner D Chaudhary said this was done as no bidder was ready to pay the minimum bid amount.Conceding that the GMC collectors have not deposited the money realized from the cattle fair, Chaudhary said that an inquiry has been ordered and the exact amount of embezzlement of the public fund would be known only after the receipt of the inquiry report. The municipal commissioner did not give any time frame for the completion of inquiry.Asked if a criminal case would be instituted against the employees who have pocketed the cattle fair collection, the municipal commissioner said his first priority was to get back the money. Right now, institution of a criminal case was not on his mind. He, however, did not altogether rule out institution of a criminal case in the matter.Mayor Vibha Devi said the cattle fair collection would be realized with penalty from the collectors and a criminal case, too, would be instituted against the scamsters.GMC insiders believe that the cattle fair revenue embezzlement was only the tip of the iceberg and several more skeletons would come out of the GMC cupboard during investigation as bungling elsewhere, including the collections made from several points including the private bus stand, have not been properly accounted for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "istanbul, (turkey)", "code": "16261603", "title": "Indian eves dump Estonia; men held by Argentina", "text": "ISTANBUL, (TURKEY): International Master Tania Sachdev recorded her sixth victory in seven games as the Indian women's team cruised to a 3-1 victory over lower-ranked Estonia to take the joint fourth spot after the seventh round of 40th Chess Olympiad.After a setback against her Chinese counterpart in round five, the Delhi-based player has now scored two back-to-back victories and looks good for more.The victory came as a boon for Indian girls even as the margin could have been better. Up against a lower-ranked team, the Indians conceded a full point on the fourth board as Soumya Swaminathan continued with her rollercoaster ride here.D Harika defeated Monika Tsiganova on the top board while Mary Ann Gomes had it easy against Triin Narva on the third board. Tania won it against Tatjana Fomina but Regina Narva saved some honour for her team at the expense of Soumya.China joined overnight leaders Russia and Poland in lead after the latter two could not break the ice and settled for a 2-2 draw sharing one victory each. China won against Armenia by a minimal margin making it a three way tie at the top with just four rounds to come.Indian eves elevated themselves to joint fourth spot on 11 points that they now share with Spain, France, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Hungary and Vietnam. In the next round India meets Vietnam.The Indian men could not find a winning combination for the third day running even as they again fielded the top four against Argentina.It was, in fact, the luck that saved the day as Abhijeet Gupta came back from the jaws of defeat and turned the tables on Sandro Mareco on the fourth board.Earlier in the day, Krishnan Sasikiran played out a draw with Fernando Peralta on the top board while Harikrishna attained the same result as black against Diego Flores.Disaster struck the team on board three as Parimarjan Negi lost and Gupta in the end turned lucky to salvage a half point for his team.The Russian men took the sole lead in the open section defeating Azerbaijan in an important encounter and they now look a strong contender to regain the Gold medal.Alexander Grischuk won it for Russia on board two defeating talented Safarli Eltaj while the other games ended in draws.With Russia on 13 points, Ukraine and China are in close pursuit just a point behind. There are nine teams following on with 11 points apiece and Indian men now share the 13th spot with 10 points in their bag.The business end of the medal race now begins in the biggest chess spectacle. The Indian eves are in with a chance if they can sustain the momentum. The men will need to score heavily to come within a striking distance.Important results round seven open: Azerbaijan (11) lost to Russia (13); China (12) beat Armenia (11) 2.5-1.5; Philippines (11) drew with Hungary (11) 2-2; Ukraine (12) beat Spain (10) 2.5-1.5; Moldova (9) lost to Germany (11) 1.5-2.5; Argentina (10) drew with India (10) Fernando Peralta drew with K Sasikiran; P Harikrishna drew with Diego Flores; Ruben Felgaer beat Parimarjan Negi; Abhijeet Gupta beat Sandro Mareco; USA (11) beat Turkey (9) 3.5-0.5; Israel (10) drew with France (10) 2-2; Georgia (9) lost to England (11) 1.5-2.5; Mexico (9) lost to Uzbekistan (11) 1-3; Italy (9) lost to FYROM (11) 1.5-2.5; Croatia (10) drew with Greece (9) 2-2.Women: Russia (12) drew with Poland (12) 2-2; Georgia (10) lost to China (12) 1.5-2.5; Ukraine (11) drew with France (11) 2-2; Serbia (10) drew with Vietnam (11) 2-2; Hungary (11) beat Montenegro (9) 2.5-1.5; Spain (11) beat Greece (9) 2.5-1.5; Estonia (9) lost to India (11) 1-3 (Monika Tsiganova lost to D Harika; Tania Sachdev beat Tatjana Fomina; Triin Narva lost to Mary Ann Gomes; Soumya Swaminathan lost to Regina Narva); Uzbekistan (11) beat Peru (9) 2.5-1.5; Slovakia (9) lost to Iran (10) 0.5-3.5; USA (10) beat Belgium (8) 4-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259527", "title": "Karnataka terror module: Suspects to stay behind bars for months", "text": "BANGALORE: The 14 persons arrested by Bangalore police since last week for allegedly planning terror activities in the state will have to remain behind bars for a long time, thanks to the law under which they have been booked.The accused have been booked under sections of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 (amended in 2008). This special Act to deal with terrorism gives prosecution an extra 90 days' time (over the normal 90-day period) to file a chargesheet against the accused.\"The prosecution can file a chargesheet in 180 days instead of 90 days, if there is substantial progress in investigation,\" said Farhana Shah, an advocate in the Bombay High Court.The Act also gives the court power to deny bail to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16261854", "title": "I grew up watching Amitabh Bachchan films: Samira", "text": "Says British model Samira Mohamed Ali, who is all set to make a Sandalwood debutAfter British models Katrina Kaif and Amy Jackson managed to make it big in Hindi films, British models seem to be a musthave for most movies. Beauty pageant winners from the UK are the toast of the season.The latest one, Samira Mohamed Ali, who will represent Britain in the Supermodel of the World contest, is all set to debut in a Kannada film, titled Badshah . \"I have always been in awe of Indian films. I lived in Dubai until I was nine, so I had a regular dose of Indian films, especially since my mother adores certain actors,\" says Samira, who is part Arab and part Portuguese.She adds, \"I grew up watching Amitabh Bachchan films. I also like Salman Khan.\"Ask Samira why she chose to debut in a Kannada film and she says, \"The producer and I share a common friend and he approached me through him. The film has three protagonists: two women and one man. I have been signed on to play one of them.\"About her role, she says, \"I play an overseas girl who comes to India. I could easily relate to the role and I felt this script was convincing enough.\" Samira, who was in India for a week, also made a trip to Chennai, during which she managed to network with some Tamil filmmakers.\"I will be back in India in January after I finish competing in the pageant to shoot for my film,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16258500", "title": "SP leader\u2019s son shot dead on highway", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 26-year-old civil engineer, the son of a Samajwadi Party leader from Modi Nagar, was shot dead on NH-24 on Tuesday night by unidentified armed assailants.SP (City) SS Yadav said the deceased has been identified as Akash Tomar, son of Kishan Singh Tomar, a native of Pilakhua. \"Akash left his office at 6.30pm. The incident took place when he was returning to his residence around 8.30 pm in his Maruti Alto car. Two bikers signalled him to stop the car near Bamheta. The accused then took out a pistol and shot him,\" Yadav said. Akash sustained two bullet injuries, one on his stomach another on the waist.\"A commuter saw the crime and immediately informed the PCR. Cops soon reached and found Akash in a pool of blood,\" Yadav said. The deceased was taken to a private hospital where he was declared brought dead. The accused reportedly fled towards Ghaziabad. Police said prima facie, it is a case of personal enmity. \"We have sent the body for postmortem. Some notorious groups active in the area are under the scanner. Statements of witnesses have been recorded,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257459", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation rolls back health benefit scheme for ex-corporators", "text": "PUNE: Over a fortnight after the standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) approved a proposal to bear all the medical expenses of former corporators and their wives, the committee, on Tuesday, rolled back the decision and withdrew the proposal.According to the municipal health scheme, a former corporator gets 50% of the medical or hospitalization bills reimbursed from the civic body while the married partner is not entitled to any benefit. The women and child welfare committee of the civic body had recently approved the proposal for former corporators and their wives to be given 100% medical benefits, as enjoyed by sitting corporators. The standing committee had given the go-ahead at a meeting on August 14.\"The committee had earlier approved the proposal. But on Tuesday some elected members had second thoughts. We had a detailed discussion and then withdrew the proposal,\" Baburao Chandere, chairman of the committee, told reporters after the meeting.Every year, the civic body allocates about Rs 10 crore for health schemes for sitting and former corporators and current and former civic employees. Last year, the civic administration had to divert funds from the health scheme for below poverty line people to bear the cost of treatment of corporators and employees.In another decision, the committee approved the procurement of 15 dog vans for the city. Each ward office will have one for use by the ward and NGOs.Wrestling match gets fundsThe standing committee has sanctioned Rs 3 lakh for the wrestling competition organised by a corporator on September 22. \"The corporator had tabled a proposal and the committee approved the demand,\" said Baburao Chandere. The committee approved the proposal as the competition was named after a veteran state wrestler, he added. A senior PMC official said the approval was against the rules. \"The civic administration should not fund such events. If the competition is organised using the PMC's funds, a proper tender process should be followed. The approval is illegal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258626", "title": "Bring sports on par with studies: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the wake of the controversy regarding cricketer Unmukt Chand's attendance at St Stephen's College, BJP demanded on the floor of the assembly on Tuesday that the Delhi government must request the Centre to make rules to treat excellence in sports on a par with excellence in studies across schools, colleges and universities in the country.Unmukt, the captain of under-19 cricket team that recently won the world cup, was not allowed to sit for his exams by his college on the grounds of inadequate attendance till the Delhi high court came to his rescue.BJP's demand followed chief minister Sheila Dikshit's announcement in the assembly that her government would give Unmukt Rs 25 lakh for his achievements in the world cup.The leader of the opposition, V K Malhotra, pointed out that sportspersons must be allowed the space to grow. \"The CM must approach the Centre and propose that rules be introduced wherein sportspersons playing at the national and international levels must be given special consideration and their absence from their academic institution or work place must not be marked as absent,\" he said.Dikshit said, \"The Delhi government has the jurisdiction only to take decisions about universities and educational institutions under its control. St Stephen's College comes under Delhi University and the Delhi government has no control over it or any other college under a central university.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16258745", "title": "Teachers Day: Changing face of celebrations", "text": "RANCHI: Students are excited for the Teachers' Day celebrations. Some are buying gifts and cards and some are busy in last minute preparations for the programmes to be organized at their schools on Wednesday.Mudit, a student of Class VIII of St Xavier's School, said, \"We are organizing a big programme in our school for teachers. We will be performing dance and skits and singing songs for them. Also we have bought a gift for all our teachers.\"As time goes by, the celebrations of Teachers' Day have changed a lot. The principals of different schools shared their experience about how they used to celebrate the day when they were students and how different was it from the celebrations nowadays.Principal of St Xavier's School Fr. Ajit Xess said, \"I remember we used to buy Teachers' Day badge for 5 paise and wear it on our uniforms. It used to be really exciting for us. During our school days, we couldn't offer any gifts or cards to the teachers but even when we sang songs, it showed our respect for the teachers.\"Fr. Xess said as a student he used to think that he was nothing without teachers but now the situation has changed. \"Nowadays thanks to private tuitions, the students think that they can study without school teachers. Even a lot of changes can be seen in the way they celebrate Teachers' Day. They give expensive gifts and flowers to the teachers. But I think that even if they don't do all this and just show respect, it would be sufficient.\"Vice-principal of Jawahar Vidya Mandir, Shyamali, S N Thakur said in his school days, the Teachers' Day programme was dedicated to teachers. \"But now, the students have made it a source of their enjoyment. We also let them enjoy on some days.\"Mahant Dubey, the principal of Zila School, said the biggest change was the venue of celebrations. \"In our times, the celebration used to be held in classrooms by the students of that particular class, but nowadays it is held in the auditorium for all classes together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262221", "title": "Shia reveals reason for split from Mulligan", "text": "Shia LaBeouf has revealed that he split from Carey Mulligan because she was more interested in settling down and having children.The 26-year-old actor dated his 'Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps' co-star for just over a year until they split in October 2010.The 'Transformers' star admitted that he didn't think their relationship would have lasted because they were such different people.\"Carey is not just an actress, she is a great human being, a sweet girl and super intelligent. Our thing came down to not having compatible work/lifestyles,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as telling the Sunday Times magazine.\"We were always travelling, and had sensibility differences that weren't conducive to living with one another.\"I'm harder on myself and my surroundings than she is, and we had a culture shock in terms of meeting her parents and vice versa. Sensibilities, cultures, histories. There were differences, that's all,\" he said.Mulligan swiftly moved on from LaBeouf and married singer Marcus Mumford earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257890", "title": "Aphro Trust scam: Cops issue alert for kingpin", "text": "CHENNAI: A look-out circular has been issued against I P Yesudoss, managing director of Aphro Trust. The trust had, in violation of RBI guidelines, allegedly collected money from several people after promising to secure loans for them.All airports have been alerted to ensure that Yesudoss, who made crores of rupees in the scam, does not leave the country.The police intensified their search for the trust chief and have frozen the 14 known accounts operated by Yesudoss and other trust members in three private banks.\"The circular, which has been issued by email and other police communication, contains all the details of the accused including his photograph, identification marks and the nature of the case,\" an investigating officer said.CCB sleuths have conducted searches in six spots in the city including four places in Kolathur, one in Chromepet and another in Chengalpet. The officer said they seized incriminating documents from the premises.As many as 15 complainants from across Tamil Nadu have lodged complaints with the police. Police, on July 25, arrested four members of Aphro Trust, A Rajesh, 35, of Manali, P Chelladurai, 38, of Kolathur, R Gabriel, 25, of Kolathur, and N Agasthianathan, 32, of Katapadi, for cheating several Self Help Groups by promising to get them loans and siphoning the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16259384", "title": "75% kids from low-performing areas in Allahabad vaccinated", "text": "ALLAHABAD: About 75% of the children living in lowperforming areas including urban slums, migrant and mobile populations and marginalised population have been covered under the special routine immunisation programme (RI) held between August 27 and August 31 this year.District immunisation Officer (DIO) Dr Ashutosh Kumar said 3,997 children were administered the BCG vaccine while 3,343 and 2,805 children were administered DPT and DPT booster dose vaccines respectively during the four days' special drive. He further informed that 3,317 children were administered the polio vaccine while 2,769 children were covered under the polio booster vaccination drive. Dr Kumar added that 3,610 children were given measles vaccine while 3,595 children were administered the JE vaccine and 3219 children were covered under the Hepatitis vaccination programme.Besides, 3,247 children were administered TT vaccination. He said parents from both rural and urban pockets took interest in getting their wards administered with vaccines. He also informed that the last phase of special RI would be conducted between September 24 and 29, 2012.Meanwhile, Chief Medical Officer (CMO), Dr Padmakar Singh said, \"The routine immunisation services were offered to the children living in priority areas after the Centre declared 2012-13 as the year of intensification of routine immunisation.\" He added that the primary targets were children in the below two-year age group and pregnant women who have not received all due vaccines under the National Immunization Schedule. However, children from other age groups were also covered. Under the Universal Immunization Programme, the children were administered vaccines to prevent DPT, Polio, Measles, severe form of childhood Tuberculosis , Hepatitis B as well as Tetanus for pregnant women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16259416", "title": "Student leaders stage unruly protests at CMP Degree College", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Chaos prevailed at CMP Degree College after a group of students along with their leaders broke the window panes at the principal's office and raised slogans against the college authorities.According to the proctor of CMP Degree College, the student leaders have turned more \"active\" ever since the college authorities have announced the dates for polling in the student union elections at the college. He said the college principal works within a tight schedule but does his best to meet and hear out all those who visit his office.\"The group of student leaders arrived at the office of the principal and wanted to meet him. By the time the principal could meet them, they turned impatient and started raising slogans condemning the college authorities.Meanwhile, some students from the agitated group damaged the glasses of the window of principal's office,\" the proctor said. Meanwhile, activists of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) staged a blockade for around half an hour in front of the college gate to protest against the college authorities, disrupting traffic on MG road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16257086", "title": "Pak troops fire at J&K; post in bid to push in militants", "text": "SRINAGAR: Pakistani troops fired at a forward Indian post at Kamalkot in north Kashmir's Baramulla district in the first ceasefire violation in the Valley since 2003 on Monday night to push in infiltrators from across the LoC. Over 200 violations of the ceasefire agreement that India and Pakistan reached in November 2003 have been reported from the state's Jammu region.A defence spokesman said on Tuesday that the Indian forces retaliated and that no one was wounded in the 45-minute exchange of fire. \"Firing from the Pakistan side was totally unprovoked. The main motive of the ceasefire violation by (Pakistani) Rangers was to facilitate infiltration by the militants in which they have been failing for quite a long time,\" he said.The ceasefire violation came two days after 15-Corps GOC Lt Gen Om Prakash said 42 militant camps continued to operate in Pakistan and warned that 500-600 militants were waiting to infiltrate from across the LoC.Strict surveillance along the LoC has led to an unprecedented dip in infiltration and all-time drop in militant violence in the state. A series of ceasefire violation and infiltration attempts have been reported from the Jammu region in the last few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257368", "title": "Shifting state transport bus terminal would curb chaos at Swargate", "text": "PUNE: A large number of buses criss-crossing Keshavrao Jedhe junction in Swargate is one of the major reasons for traffic congestion at the chowk which puts pedestrians at great risk.The traffic police have suggested that the Maharashtra State Road Transportation Corporation (MSRTC) should create new terminals to avoid buses coming to Swargate. While MSRTC officials are opposed to the shifting of the terminus.There are three terminals in the city and the one at Swargate is the busiest. Of the 2,800 buses which arrive in the city every day, 1,640 arrive at or depart Swargate terminus, located adjacent to Jedhe chowk, the city's busiest and most dangerous junction. The buses go past Jedhe chowk from Satara, Shankarsheth and Tilak roads.With such a large number of buses either arriving or leaving the terminus, there is a large movement of passengers from Swargate, say traffic officials. A senior traffic official said people come from far off places and from Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad take buses from here. This flow at just one terminus can be avoided if the state transport decides to decentralize its operations, road safety experts said.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre has proposed that the corporation create new bus terminals at Hadapsar, Katraj, Kothrud, Sangvi, Baner, Nashik Road and Yerawada for citizens. \"They need not cut through the city to Swargate, or the other two bus terminals at Shivajinagar and Pune station,\" he said.Pandhre has submitted a proposal to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in June. Pawar had then said that a high-level meeting of traffic, municipal corporation and MSRTC officials will discuss the proposal.MSRTC officials say that the proposal to create new bus terminals can indeed reduce the burden on the Swargate terminal. Lands, identified in the development plan for bus terminals, have to be made available for creating them, they said.A senior MSRTC official said the terminus was created much before the development of the city and that shifting it would inconvenience people. Passengers say new terminals in the outskirts will help. Meanwhile, MSRTC and the traffic police have jointly worked on a plan to create two separate gates for the entry and exit of buses to reduce congestion at the junction. With lack of proper pedestrian facilities such as footpaths, pedestrian crossings and signals, many people risk their lives while crossing the roads.In addition to the high movement of MSRTC buses, there is an equally high movement of PMPML buses. An estimated three lakh people who come to Jedhe chowk every day are local bus passengers. The public utility officials say three to four buses arrive at the chowk, every minute.Officials said the number of bus trips passing through Jedhe chowk will only increase because of new services. One of the major reasons for the traffic chaos at Swargate is also because there are no passenger amenities. The bus terminals at Swargate do not have proper passenger information boards which makes people run helter-skelter for their buses. PMPML officials, when contacted, said they would sort the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16259942", "title": "New recruitment process in BHU", "text": "VARANASI: The vice-chancellor of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) Lalji Singh announced the new modalities of short-listing process for the recruitment of the faculties in BHU.According to the BHU spokesperson, the amended ordinance has been approved by the Executive Council on the basis of the recommendations of SC Lakhotia Committee.The VC informed that the present reservation system would be maintained as it is.The BHU authorities also claimed that the university succeeded in maintaining a zero-ragging campus.The issues like possibility of revised fee structure, reading facility in the central library for students, centralized student sports complex and preparations for the next round of NAAC were also discussed at the meeting.Invited: Prof Anil Tripathi of the School of Biotechnology (BHU) has been invited to deliver a lead talk during the forthcoming 13th International Symposium on Biological Nitrogen Fixation with Non-Legumes to be held at Helmholtz Center, Neuherberg ( Munich ), Germany during September 6-7, 2012. He has also been invited to chair a session on \"Genetics, Biochemistry and Ecology of Diazotrophs\" in this symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258542", "title": "ACs, refrigerators all set to cost more in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a decision that is set to increase the cost burden on consumers in Uttar Pradesh, the state cabinet on Tuesday decided to increase the additional tax applicable on products covered under the VAT Act. Increase in the additional tax burden from 1% to 1.5% in addition to 12.5% VAT has been proposed, and the new rates will become effective after a notification to this effect is issued on Wednesday.According to this decision, consumers will now have to pay extra for air conditioners, refrigerators, motor cycles, cosmetics, shampoos, furniture, sanitary goods, tiles, electrical appliances, transformers, water purifiers, cameras, mobile phones that cost more than Rs 10,000, cooked food supplements, cold drinks, lubricants, industrial LPG, watches, bidi, aircraft and aircraft parts, fire fighting equipment, cranes, bull dozers, mattresses, timber, ivory goods, cement, machinery and others.Till now, the UP government had imposed an additional tax of 1% on these products. Following Tuesday's decision, the state government clarified that the additional tax rates in UP are still lower than other states like Gujarat, which charged 2.5% in addition to VAT, Chhattisgarh (1.5%) and Andhra Pradesh, which levied 2% over the VAT rates applicable on luxury products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259079", "title": "Trader loses Rs 2.5 lakh from parked car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Vadodara-based trader lost his money and laptop from a parked car on Monday from Ambawadi.According to Ellisbridge police, Sunil Singhal, a resident of Iskcon Flats on Gotri Road in Vadodara, had been to Grand Mall in Ambawadi at 12.45 pm on Monday. At that time, his driver was seated in the car. \"A man approached his driver and informed him that oil was leaking from the front portion of the car. Concerned, the driver got down and started inspection. When he was peering below the car, the man lifted a bag from front seat of the car and made a dash,\" said an Ellisbridge police official. Singhal has mentioned in his complaint that the bag contained Rs 2.5 lakh cash, a laptop worth Rs 30,000, passport, driving licence and other important documents.\"It is a typical modus operandi of the gangs from Sardarnagar and nearby areas where they work in groups. One person distracts the victims, in most of the cases car drivers, by telling them that money had fallen off or smoke is coming out from below the car. When they get down, other members lift the bag and flee from the spot or hide in vehicle such as autorickshaw,\" the police official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258572", "title": "Man posing as AIIMS doctor arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: An imposter who had been fleecing patients at AIIMS in the name of providing early dates for admission and surgery, was caught by resident doctors on Monday. He was handed over to the police. Sources said Jay Chaudhary pretended to be a neurosurgeon and even carried an ID card with the institute's logo. He would meet senior doctors to seek \"help\" for patients and pocket the commission.\"He had been doing this for several years. We got suspicious only recently when one of the resident doctors asked him about the surgical options for a brain injury patient. He started floundering and tried to evade the question by saying he was into research and patient care,\" said Dr Deepak Damodaran, vice-president of the AIIMS Residents Doctors' Association (RDA). He said when apprehended the imposter tried to destroy his ID card. Recently, another \"fake doctor\" was arrested by Delhi Police for fleecing patients and even stealing equipment from several government hospitals, including AIIMS.\"We have written to the director demanding that institute file an FIR against Chaudhary and implement computerized registration system at OPDs,\" said Sudpta Ranjan Singh, RDA president at AIIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16256672", "title": "'Sops can boost jobs for disabled persons'", "text": "MUMBAI: A recent report commissioned by the government and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) has called for greater incentives to the private sector to boost employment for persons with disabilities (PWDs). Incentives such as grants can be used by the employer to make the workplace more accessible and for providing assistive technologies such as voice software or training.The findings and suggestions of the report, 'Livelihood opportunities for PWDs', are expected to be included in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), which aims to be more inclusive. The government sector has a mandatory quota of 3% for PWDs. For the private sector, the PWD Act, 1995, provides for incentives if at least 5% of the workforce comprises PWDs. Here, the government makes payment of the employer's contributions to the Employees Provident Fund and Employees State Insurance for the first three years as an incentive for PWD employees earning up to Rs 25,000 per month.Some countries have a mandatory PWD job quota for the private sector with penal provisions - Germany (5%), Austria (4%), Poland (6%), Italy (a sliding scale of up to 7%), Spain (2%) and Japan (1.6%). Others like the USA rely on lucrative tax credit incentive schemes. Some, such as Japan use a carrot-and-stick approach and grants are also available to the private sector.However, experts do not favour a quota regime because of perceived practical difficulties and its failure in the government sector. \"There may be practical difficulties for PWDs to execute certain tasks, which would then lead employers to reserve certain types of jobs only for PWDs, leading creation of the kind of stereotypes which we are fighting against,\" said Nirmita Naraimhan, advocate and program manager, Centre for Internet &amp; Society.\"Only a handful of companies employ PWDs. To boost private sector participation, the PWD employment incentive target (currently 5% of the workforce) must be realistic. Second, lucrative incentives could be a solution,\" said Javed Abidi, director, NCPEDP (National Centre for Promotion of Employment for Disabled People).At this juncture, it is largely corporate philosophy that results in PWD hiring, especially in the hospitality and IT/ITeS sector. Cafe Coffee Day (CCD) has around 150 'Silent Brewmasters'. Other staff members are trained in the basics of sign language for optimal team functioning. \"CCD's Silent Brewmasters specialize in brewing because of their heightened sense of smell and vision, thereby ensuring the most visually appealing presentation of our coffees. They are each cafe's best quality controllers,\" said K Ramakrishnan, president (Marketing), CCD.\"We have 110 PWDs in our team (5% of the total work force across 18 hotels) who are hearing and speech impaired. Initially, they functioned in back office operations, but some innovation such as numbered menu cards helps them interact with customers and results in an overall good factor,\" said Patu Keswani, chairman and MD, The Lemon Tree Hotel Company.Nasscom Foundation helps create a proper ecosystem. \"Not only are PWDs placed in the IT-ITES sector, but the companies are helped in undertaking accessibility audits, motivated to generate accessible tools and help others get access to such tools,\" explained Rita Soni, CEO Nasscom Foundation.E-Vindhya, where 95% of the workforce comprises PWDs and the rest are hired based on their sensitivity towards their PWD colleagues, is perhaps an exception. But other companies are also adopting an inclusive approach. At MindTree and Mphasis, at least 1% of the workforce comprises PWDs. Infosys BPO, Aegis, Wipro , and IBM are some other companies that adopt an integrated approach in dealing with PWD employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258918", "title": "3 Israel centres of excellence coming up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For a country in which water is scarce - and where less than 6 per cent of population engages in farming - Israel has achieved a remarkable feat: it is one of the world's leading citrus exporters. Israel, one-ninth the size of Gujarat, rears cows that produce the highest volume of milk per animal in the world. The country recycles 85 per cent of its water and operates the planet's largest desalination plant. Israel's consul-general Orna Sagiv says such accomplishments are spurred by cutting-edge agriculture technology.\"Israel's agriculture is based on cooperative principles,\" said Sagiv. \"In Israel, there are agricultural settlements - the kibbutz, a collective community - where means of production are communally owned and each member's work benefits all.\"Sagiv was in Gandhinagar for the four-day Agritech-Asia business summit, which has drawn a number of participants from Israel.From drip irrigation and water recycling to technologies associated with horticulture and dairy farming, the summit has a lot to offer to GenNext farmers.Sagiv pointed out that three of the 28 centres of excellence (COE) which have been promised across India will be set up in Gujarat. Two of these centres will be dedicated for growing mangoes in Gir, the third COE will spread awareness about post-harvest treatment of date palms and bananas. \"The COE is a complete government-to-government engagement with no-profit motive,\" Sagiv said.\"Water is a precious resource for our country as it is for Gujarat,\" Sagiv said. \"Drip irrigation using recycled water is what we practise in Israel, while water from desalination plant is supplied to houses. It is this philosophy that we want to share with Gujarat.\"The COE for mangoes will be a breakthrough, Sagiv said, \"In Israel, we do not allow our mango trees to grow tall, and trim them in such a way that they get just the right amount of sunlight.\" The result, she said, is huge yield per tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16258669", "title": "Citizens spell out what they want for Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: About 200 citizens of Mapusa attended the meeting called by the Mapusa Municipal Council to offer suggestions for the town's development over the next 25 years.Chaired by the council's chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar, Tuesday's meeting saw Mapxenkars demand the shifting of the petrol pumps from the town to its outskirts, better parking facilities, broader roads, footpaths, proper water supply and garbage management.MMC chief officer Hanumant Toraskar said the suggestions will be recorded in a report form and forwarded to the state government-appointed task force for Mapusa.Reconstituted, the 19-member task force is headed by urban development minister and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza. It comprises representatives of civil society, professionals and various organizations. Important projects like the market, parking facility, bus stand, Ravindra Bhavan, space for government offices, a community hall, joggers' park, connecting roads, ring roads, etc, will be decided by the task force.Pointing out that parking is a major issue in the town, resident Mahesh Falari said haphazard parking has left the city perennially congested and parking zones are a must.Ratpal Salkar of the Mapusa Citizens' Forum raised the need for a long-term plan to solve the drinking water shortage issue, and the importance of getting the petrol pumps out of the main town area to decongest the town.Carlos Gonzalves suggested that the municipality get cracking on building footpaths for pedestrians.Kandolkar said the civic body, with the help of the government, will try to achieve Mapusa's development. He asked citizens to offer suggestions to the task force. MMC chief engineer Vishnu Naik was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16259208", "title": "Odisha to have 21 forensic units", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to set up 21 new forensic units in different police districts and government railway police (GRP) stations to expedite investigation in various cases.At present, the state has three regional forensic science laboratories at Sambalpur, Berhampur and Balasore beside 15 laboratories in each undivided police district headquarter.\"We will soon decide whether we will go for full-fledged district forensic science laboratories or mobile forensic units in 19 police districts and two GRP districts,\" a senior police officer said. \"We would open these units for speedy completion of investigation. Inadequate infrastructure and manpower are delaying chemical examination at the existing forensic laboratories in the state,\" he added.While the district and regional forensic units carry out chemical examinations of physical clues in trivial crimes, the State Forensic Science Laboratory (SFSL) in Bhubaneswar tackles major cases. SFSL undertakes examinations in seven specialized divisions - physics, ballistics, chemistry, toxicology, biology, serology and lie detection.Sources said the SFSL and its three regional units examined a total of 5,354 cases out of the 43,515 exhibits received from across the state in 2011. The four units had examined 5,135 and 4,551 cases in 2009 and 2010, respectively.The government imparts training to police personnel, judicial officers and medical students at Biju Patnaik State Police Academy in Bhubaneswar and Police Training College in Angul for better utilization of scientific evidences in crime investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16259429", "title": "Rs 25.88cr for Dardha barrage in Dhanarua", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday approved a water resources department's proposal to grant administrative sanction of Rs 25.88 crore for construction of a 64.60 metres long barrage on river Dardha between Lawaich and Rampur villages under Dhanarua block of Patna district.The proposed barrage, after completion by May, 2014, would help in irrigation of around 8,000 hectares of land in Rampur, Kosut, Sikoha, Thumma, Chandachak, Kiranichak, Jagdishpur, Mahawali and Lawaich villages of Dhanarua block, cabinet coordination department's principal secretary Ravikant said.The cabinet also approved an education department's proposal to ensure timely payment of salary to the teachers employed for fixed remuneration through the nationalized and scheduled banks.Ravikant said the attendance of such teachers would be sent by the respective chief executive officer of the urban local bodies or panchayati raj institutions to the office of the district education officer by fifth day of the next month. The DEO would ensure that fixed remuneration get deposited in their respective bank accounts by 15th of the month.He said over 2.50 lakh such teachers would be benefited through the new scheme. One leading nationalized bank would be selected for each district for the purpose. The banks would assist teachers in opening bank accounts with debit card facilities. The new scheme would be implemented after the opening of bank accounts of maximum teachers in a particular district . Otherwise, the education department had planned to introduce payment through banks from December, he said.The cabinet further approved a science and technology department's proposal to grant administrative sanction to a revised estimate of Rs 92.71 crore for construction of various buildings of Sitamarhi Institute of Technology, Sitamarhi. The cabinet also gave its nod for execution of construction works by the state's building construction department.It also approved a health department's proposal for creation of a post of additional chief medical officer (ACMO) in Arwal district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16257982", "title": "Snakes found in linen store of Rajindera hospital", "text": "PATIALA: There seems to be no respite from the slithering threat in Malwa region's biggest hospital - the Rajindera Hospital. A nurse saw many snakes in the linen store of ENT ward on the first floor of the hospital on Tuesday morning. Despite snakes sneaking into every corner of the hospital, the medical superintendent (MS) is yet to take adequate measures to combat the growing problem. The administration is yet to call a snake catcher to trap the reptiles and save hundreds of patients and staff.\"Our nurse spotted many snakes in the linen store when she opened it around 11.30am. Since I don't have any powers to take any step in this connection, I have informed our MS for further action,\" said deputy medical superintendent (DMS) Dr Harshinder Kaur.Though she refused to share the details, some paramedical staff members revealed that when the nurse opened the main gate of the store and tried to take out some bed sheets for patients of ENT ward, she reportedly saw many snakes sitting under them.Raising an alarm, she left the room even without locking it and went to the office of DMS. The DMS rushed to the store and bolted it from outside so that the snakes do not come out.\"Though we have been trying to keep the presence of snakes in the store under wraps, some relatives of the patients have learnt about it. They have requested our seniors for immediate action,\" said a hospital administrative officer on the condition of anonymity.The apathy of the authorities could be gauged from the fact that instead of taking swift action to catch the snakes, they have plugged the fissures of the gate of the store with clothes and locked the main gate of the store.Last week, snakes were noticed in the operation theatre of the eye department and outdoor patient department (OPD). But not a single snake has been trapped so far as authorities are yet to get a snake catcher.\"It seems authorities are waiting for a fatal attack to jolt them into action. It's really shocking that senior health authorities and government are also dragging their feet and not taking any measures,\" said Jaswant Singh , a relative of patient standing near OPD.When contacted, MS V K Sharda initially denied the presence of any snake in the hospital. But later said his staff had seen only \"one\" snake in the linen store. \"I will arrange a snake catcher,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16256882", "title": "High Court restrains Deccan Chronicle from selling properties", "text": "MUMBAI: In a relief to Tata Capital, which has claimed that Deccan Chronicle Holdings (DCHL) has defaulted on the repayment of Rs 101 crore, the Bombay high court on Tuesday restrained the Hyderabad-based media group from selling, leasing or creating any third party rights on its mortgaged properties in central Mumbai. The HC also ordered attachment of six bank accounts of DCHL.Among the properties affected by the interim order is a prime land of 2,125 sq yards at Mathuradas Mill Compound at Lower Parel in central Mumbai, along with the building that houses offices of The Asian Age newspaper.The Tata group company, represented by solicitor Ashok Paranjpe and counsel Janak Dwarkadas, filed an arbitration petition in the high court against DCHL and guarantor T V Reddy for the recovery of Rs 101 crore on August 24.Tata Capital had entered into a loan agreement with DCHL in March 2011 for Rs 100 crore against a personal guarantee by Reddy. Dwarkadas told the court that DCHL had defaulted on loan repayment and was served a legal notice a month ago. The Tata group company filed the arbitration petition on August 24.Advocate K D Shah, who appeared for DCHL and the guarantor, sought time from the court to file a reply and opposed interim relief to the Tata group company. However, Dwarkadas pointed out that an interim protection against the sale of land was necessary as the amount due was large.Justice S J Kathawala, while granting DCHL time till September 27 to file a reply, allowed a reprieve to Tata Capital till then. The HC also directed DCHL and the guarantor to disclose, through an affidavit, the assets and properties owned by each of them. The court also restrained the media group from selling, transferring, disposing of certain assets, including land, building, vehicles, investments and cash and bank balances.The bank accounts attached are with ICICI Bank , HDFC Bank, Punjab National Bank and Canara Bank . The high court permitted transactions only up to the extent of Rs 5 crore in these bank accounts for the day-to-day activities of the newspaper. The matter will come up for hearing on September 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257218", "title": "Aarushi case: Maid says CBI never took her statement", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Talwars' former domestic help Bharti shocked CBI during her cross-examination in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial on Tuesday. Answering the defence team about her testimony given on Monday, Bharti told court she had never been to CBI's office and no investigating officer had taken her statement.\"I have not seen the CBI office. Nobody from CBI came to my house. Yesterday was the first time I gave my testimony. I said whatever I was told. I had only spoken to TV-walas (media) earlier,\" she said when defence lawyers tried to highlight contradictions in her statements given earlier. Defence lawyer Satyaketu Singh said, \"It clearly shows that she had been tutored about what to say\".However, a CBI official said Bharti had not changed her statement from Monday and \"she probably didn't remember\" giving statements to CBI twice in June 2008. \"It does not matter because her testimony in court is important\".Bharti had told court on Monday that the Talwars' house was locked from inside on May 16, 2008, and doctors Nupur and Rajesh Talwar had told her Hemraj killed Aarushi.Bharti also clarified her husband's name is not Bhim Mandal but Vishnu Mandal, and she had lived in Noida for only a year, not 10 years, before the murder. \"I told the court for the first time that when I pushed on the outer main grille (of the Talwars' house), it did not open. I had not told any official about this,\" she said, leading Satyaketu Singh to remark: \"This puts a question mark on the credibility of this witness and CBI's investigation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16259857", "title": "LIC of India celebrates foundation day", "text": "KANPUR: The Life Insurance Corporation Of India (LIC) is celebrating its foundation day by making the first week of September as 'insurance week'. For this, the LIC employees and authorities have setup a special service counter for prompt customer services during the week.On Tuesday, the members of LIC, along with senior officials including senior divisional manager of Kanpur division, PS Negi planted trees at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology premises. Vice-chancellor of CSA, PK Sharma was present on the occasion.Apart from plantation activity, the LIC members have also organized a free health check-up camp as well in which many locals took part and got free treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257423", "title": "Mayawati adopts aggressive dalit line", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA's choice of Rajya Sabha to move the 'promotion quota' bill will showcase Mayawati as the premier dalit voice, handing the credit for reservation initiative to the BSP supremo on a platter.Whether or not quota move materializes in Coalgate-triggered disruption of Parliament, the dalit czarina seems set to corner the glory despite Congress authoring the constitutional amendment. Mayawati being a member of the Upper House could hijack the spotlight in a debate.There was no let up in Mayawati's aggression on Tuesday. She claimed credit for the Cabinet decision but warned, \"If BJP and allies do not heed our appeal and UPA does not ensure its passage, then we can assume... they do not want SCs/STs to stand on their own feet and derive benefit of promotion.\"The BSP chief's aggressive espousal of quota betrays confidence in the face of a seeming gang-up among non-dalits against the proposal. The four-time CM of UP does not think it will limit her appeal in the vast state where alliance with sections of OBCs and upper castes is a must for her to be serious power player.The 2007 slogan of \"Brahmin shankh bajayega, haathi jhoomta jayega\" was dictated by the desire to break out of the limited dalit base. It paid dividends and Mayawati herself acknowledged that social engineering had helped her cause.If Mayawati needs trans-dalit support for the 2014 battle, she seems to think that as long as she can keep a hold on her core base, the rest will take care of itself.The belief seems to stem from the dismal performance of 'ummeed ki cycle\" that BSP believes would be a major factor in deciding the voting preference of upper castes-middle classes despite SP's bid to use its opposition to promotion quota as a bait for upper caste employees-youth.The intermittent religious riots, corruption and general rudderlessness of the Akhilesh Yadav regime have raised hopes in BSP which was recently swept out of power by SP. That it finished just around 4% behind SP and that BJP and Congress remain marginal players has kept morale high.Mayawati is re-focussed on dalits, some of whom, poll trends showed, may have deserted her and rankled Bahujan ideologues. Her efforts are also helped by the high-handedness of Samajwadi workers towards dalits.Seeking to calculate party chances two years from now, a senior BSP leader said, \"The more the Akhilesh government runs, the better it is for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258579", "title": "Tattoo artist\u2019s death: Caller traced", "text": "NEW DELHI: As investigations into the mysterious death of tattoo artist Paras Bhasin \u2014 a final-year BBA student \u2014 entered the third day, Delhi Police identified the caller who had informed Bhasin's mother of the death. The student, a resident of Ganesh Nagar, was questioned at length at the Anand Vihar railway station. Cops also contacted Bhasin's wife and her family on Tuesday. Formal questioning is expected to begin anytime soon.\"The witness told us that he had found Bhasin's wallet near the body. He got the phone number of Bhasin's mother from his visiting card. He was on his way to Laxmi Nagar Metro Station when he noticed the body. We are verifying his claims,\" said a police officer.Contrary to police's earlier claims of the body having been chopped, sources said it had been compressed and disintegrated by the impact. The new claim falls in line with the railway police's assertion that a body cannot be chopped into so many pieces even on a head-on collision with a train. Railway police also maintained that it's possible for the body to get compressed on impact. Cops presented photographs to forensic experts to verify their conclusions.Meanwhile, the Bhasin family has alleged in the FIR, of which TOI has a copy, that their daughter-in-law was put under house arrest. \"Goons sent by her father threw my son's body on the railway tracks. Paras regularly received death threats from Shelly's father. He asked Paras to hand over all photographs, CDs and the marriage affidavit to him and warned him of dire consequences if he failed to do so,\" Satish Bhasin stated in the FIR.The family also threw light on the sequence of events since August 26 when Shelly finally decided to inform her family about the marriage. \"She told Paras that her father would like to meet him. On August 27, she said that her father had enquired about Paras at his west Delhi neighbourhood. The next day, she called Paras again telling him to meet her father. On August 29, Paras reportedly met his father-in-law but and called up his uncle only to tell him that he had been humiliated. On August 30, Paras went to Manesar. He gave another call to his uncle stressing on the fact that he was being threatened by Shelly's family. ,\" claimed Paras' friend Minky.Top sources in railway police, however, claimed that Delhi Police had already interrogated the girl's family. They added that the family did not deny the sequence of events between August 26 and August 31 but said they had no role to play in Bhasin's death.Sources said they will write to Northern Railway to procure a list of trains that passed the Ganesh Nagar station between 3.30pm and 4.30 pm, the span during which Bhasin lost his life. They are expecting some inputs from train drivers as a recreation of the scene with forensic experts is yet to throw results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16258774", "title": "Residents protest man-animal conflict, disrupting traffic for more than 3 hours", "text": "COIMBATORE: Traffic on the Coimbatore-Palakkad inter-state highway was paralyzed for more than three hours on Monday morning after irate residents blocked vehicles at Mayilkal check-post near Madukkarai demanding measures to ease the growing man-animal conflict in the area. The protest, in which more than 1000 residents participated was a spontaneous reaction to the death of a 30-year-old hotel worker who was trampled by a wild tusker at Arivozhi Nagar late on Monday night.The protest began at around 7 am and traffic resumed only after the intervention of Revenue Divisional Officer S Santhakumar, Thondamuthur MLA S P Velumani and District Forest Officer V Thirunavukarasu. They promised to erect electric fences separating forests and human settlements and construct elephant proof trenches as a permanent solution. Hundreds of vehicles were stranded between Madukkarai and Ukkadam due to the protest.Large scale encroachments in the traditional pathways of elephants are being cited as a major reason for the growing human-animal conflict in the region. The construction boom in neighbouring Kovaipudur and Ettimadai, violating land use patterns and encroaching upon elephant corridors, is another contributing factor. Allegations of massive encroachment on traditional migratory paths by leading educational institutions and real estate promoters also invite such conflict. S Guruvayurappan, project officer of Wildlife Protection Society of India says that forest authorities must take the initiative to get the rail track that passes through the Madukarai-Walayar jungle shifted.After the jumbo attack on CRPF officials, the forest department has denied permission for jungle warfare training inside the Madukarai forests. According to Guruvayurappan, there are about seven elephant migratory passages between Madukkarai and Palakkad. As it has been a traditional elephant corridor, herds do not disturb human settlements. But when passages are blocked or disrupted by man-made intrusions, the animals become violent. So the department must be very cautious,\" says Guruvayurappan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16259703", "title": "To sir with love: A temple in Bijapur", "text": "BIJAPUR: Most students make it a point to revere their teachers every September 5 but students of Rampur village in Sindagi taluk, about 530km from Bangalore , do it every day. In fact, they've been performing a daily puja for the past 15 years at the temple constructed for Teacher Sanganna.When Sanganna died in 1997, students built a temple in the name of Sadguru Arudha Sanganna Basaveshwar Devalay.Teacher Sanganna, though from a very poor family, studied hard and passed the SSLC examination. When a teacher in a primary school at Rampur village fell ill and couldn't work, he asked Sanganna to substitute for him. Though he didn't get a salary, Sanganna taught students out of his sheer interest. Over time, he taught kids all the subjects in primary school.He formally joined service in 1963 at the Government Primary School near Rampur. He convinced many parents to send their children to school. He was not only an expert teacher but also in agriculture too and persuaded farmers to adopt modern methods of cultivation. After many years of service, he constructed a mutt at Benakotagi village in Sindagi taluk with money he got when his land was acquired by the government. There, he treated patients who had medical ailments.After his death, the mutt become a temple for students who performed a daily puja. According to Nityanand, one of his three sons, \"My father didn't treat us as his children, but as pupils. He never gave us any special treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16258455", "title": "Two teachers for only three students", "text": "YAVATMAL: Officials turning a blind eye towards primary education in the tribal-dominated Maregaon tehsil in Yavatmal district has come to fore. The zilla parishad school at Khapri has classes from standard I to IV. The school has a headmaster and a teacher but only three girls are studying in standard I and III. There is no admission to standard II and IV.The monthly expenses of the school are over Rs75,000 towards salary of teachers and an honorarium of Rs1,000 per month paid to a woman working as cook for providing nutritious food to these three students. All the government-sponsored schemes are being implemented in the school despite low attendance.Yavatmal ZP had opened the school in 1973 to cater to the educational needs of children in the village. Lakhs of rupees were spent to construct infrastructure for the school which includes playground, toilet, reading material and furniture. Nutritious scheme is also being implemented.Initially, a headmaster was appointed. Later, as per the government policy, one more teacher was appointed at the school. Headmaster V N Warkhade is on duty since 2001 while assistant teacher V M Kamble was transferred in July last. These two take class of only three students.When contacted, block education officer M B Dholne admitted the facts. There were complaints about the thin attendance in ZP-run schools in rural areas. Taking cognizance of the complaint, district education officer (primary) S Y Chandekar has ordered BEOs in 16 tehsils to conduct spot inspection and report back to him, said Dholne.\"There are six schools run by ZP having number of less than 10 students in Maregaon,\" said Dholne, adding that a report was submitted to the education officer.ZP education sub-committee chairman Manmohansingh Chavan said he had instructed the block education officer of Maregaon to shift assistant teacher Kamble to another school where there was a vacancy. \"We have instructed Kamble to temporarily work at Mardi ZP school,\" Dholne said.Deputy education officer W L Motikar said there are many schools in the district which have less than minimum strength of students. He said a factual report has been sought.These glaring facts come in the backdrop of government's policy to give compulsory primary education to all the children below 14 years of age. The main cause of poor admission to the ZP-run schools is the mushrooming private educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258173", "title": "Peace appeal in BTC with Bhupen Hazarika songs", "text": "GUWAHATI: Jajabor, a cultural organization, has planned a unique programme on September 8 to celebrate Bhupen Hazarika's first birth anniversary by making an appeal for peace. Given the backdrop of violence and tension in the state in the past few weeks, the occasion will be used to appeal for universal brotherhood with his iconic songs, \"Manuhe manohor babe\" (human beings are for human beings) and \"Endhaorot thaki endhaoror uporat likhibio nuari\" (one cannot write about darkness when one is sitting in the dark). People from all over the state will join in the chorus and sing the fabled lines between 6 and 6.30 pm on that day. This will be the first birth anniversary of the legendary singer since he passed away last November.\"Manuhe manohor babe\" harps on Hazarika's philosophy of the futility of violence, so apt at a time when Assam witnessed mindless communal violence. Artistes of Jajabor and the people will assemble at specific places of the capital to sing the immortal lines. People from all over the state will be encouraged to lend their voice to form a melody wave. \"There is violence in the state and all over the world. As for Assam, the state has been witnessing bloodbath every now and then. We have planned to use Bhupenda's birth anniversary and his philosophy to spread the message of peace,\" said Kamal Kotoky.The initiative is not restricted to the music fraternity. Anyone can join in the chorus during that half an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16259789", "title": "Extortionists regrouping, headache for police", "text": "VARANASI: Bid to revive the network of old gangs, particularly extortionists, by creating panic among traders and industrialists, had started increasing worries for cops.The fresh directives of IG GL Meena to his subordinates for recommending increase in the cash reward of some gangsters is sufficient to make the point clear.The IG, on Tuesday, admitted that some gangsters have intensified bid to create panic among the traders. Mentioning the name of two of such gangsters, he said that he had given consent to increase the amount of cash reward on them.The area of operation of these gangsters is mainly Varanasi district. Meena said that the special operation group and other supporting agencies have been asked to tough action against the shooters of such gangs in order to compel their leaders to come out of their dens. The gangsters, whose activities have been noticed in the district in past few months, had remained associated with the dreaded underworld dons in past. Most of these dons like Mukhtar Ansari, Brijesh Singh and Munna Bajrangi have been staying behind the bars for several years and their henchmen have started bid to establish supremacy. Sources said that some of the underworld dons are patronizing the emerging gangsters from jails.The senior cops are stressing to increase the reward amount as it can encourage the junior cops for initiating effective action to ensure early arrest of the rewarded criminals. The total number of rewarded criminals in 10 districts of the Varanasi zone is 117. Out of it, maximum 38 rewarded criminals are in the list of Varanasi police. The rewarded criminals are also in Ghazipur, Jaunpur, Ballia, Mirzapur and Bhadohi districts.Maximum number of criminals (58) is in the category of less than Rs 5,000 cash reward while 41 criminals are in the category of Rs 5000 cash reward. The gangsters, who are trying to revive the network at present are in the categories of Rs 10,000, Rs 12,000 and Rs 15,000. The police are clueless about the criminals who have been kept in the cash reward categories (from Rs 20,000 to Rs two lakh).In the maximum Rs 2 lakh cash reward categories, names of Ata-ur-Rehman and Shahabuddin (both from Ghazipur) are still present in the list of rewarded criminals. These criminals belonged to the group of mafia- -don-turned MLA Mukhtar Ansari. The alliance of Bajrangi and Mukhtar gang had led to elimination of BJP MLA Krishnanand Rai about seven years back.The trail of Mukhtar had surely been done in this murder case but neither the police nor the CBI have succeeded in tracing Ata-ur-Rehman and Shahabuddin while Bajrangi was arrested from Mumbai in 2009.Some other criminals as well as terrorist like Vishwas Nepali and Harkat-ul-Jehad-e-Islami member Mohammad Shamim of Chandauli, included in the list of rewarded criminals of Varanasi zone, are proving a hard nut to crack for police since the past several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16258863", "title": "50kg landmine found in Saranda forest", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A powerful can bomb weighing around 50kg fitted in an improvised explosive device (IED) planted in a forest road was recovered by the security personnel during search operation between Thalkobad and Baliba under Chotanagra police station area in West Singhbhum on Tuesday.The landmine was planted allegedly by CPI (Maoist) ultras near the CRPF camp apparently to blow up patrolling party.\"The bomb and the explosive device were recovered following an intelligence input. The bomb was later defused by the security personnel,\" said West Singhbhum police superintendent Pankaj Kamboj.A 150-metre long wire was also recovered from the site that falls in the Saranda forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258145", "title": "India looking at opening two border points with Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh from the successful opening of the Wagah-Attari border trading post, India said it was keen to throw open the Khokhrapar-Munabao border point as well. Addressing a group of Pakistani parliamentarians, Union commerce minister Anand Sharma said on Tuesday that India was also willing to start talks with Pakistan to open the Husseiniwala-Sialkot border point.The Attari-Wagah border post was recently opened for traffic, though he said, some structures was still needed to be put in place.Meanwhile, foreign minister S M Krishna, on the eve of his departure to Pakistan, said, \"I will take with me the message of serious intent of the government and people of India to resolve outstanding issues between India and Pakistan through dialogue in an atmosphere free from terror and violence\".India and Pakistan have started talks on exporting electricity to Pakistan, the minister said. The first step, Sharma said, would be grid connectivity with Pakistan. This has been done between India and Bangladesh in the past couple of years, and the Indian concept could be replicated on the Indo-Pak border. India, the minister said, was willing to sell 500mw of electricity as the first step. Arvind Mehta, joint secretary in the commerce ministry, said the two sides, in their recent meetings, were looking to fast-track the process.Commerce secretaries of the two countries should have met in recent months, but Sharma said this had not happened. India got a new commerce secretary as has Pakistan, and that delayed the process. Sharma said the two officials would meet soon after the visit of Krishna to Pakistan later this week.Sharma said India was negotiating to sell petroleum products to Pakistan as well. Pakistan buys these products from third countries, and Sharma said it would be cheaper to source them from India.Pakistani MPs asked for greater access to tourists from either side. There was also a demand for Indian healthcare facilities to set up institutions in Pakistan. India, for its part, would like Pakistan to allow Indian good to transit through its territory to Afghanistan.On the Munabao border point, sources said a recent meeting of the experts group in July discussed the possibility of a dedicated rail route on the Rajasthan-Sindh border. Given that Barmer in Rajasthan is now a source of oil, India could even export petrochemical products from there to Pakistan.The Khokhrapar-Munabao route has been a consistent demand from the Indian side, because New Delhi believes it offers huge opportunities for local businessmen in Gujarat and Rajasthan as part of the old Kutch-Sindh trading practices.The Pakistani parliamentary delegation consists of Rubina Khalid, Saeed Ghani, Farrah Aqil, Haider Abbas Razvi, Abdul Rasheed Godil, Bushra Gohar, Nawabzada Saifullah Magsi, Hafiz Noman, Sardar Mansab Ali Dogar and Majyd Aziz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "16258092", "title": "Dibrugarh-Kolkata superfast train flagged off", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A new superfast, weekly train connecting Dibrugarh and Kolkata was flagged off on its maiden journey from Dibrugarh Railway Station on Tuesday. The 12526/12525 Dibrugarh-Kolkata weekly superfast express train was flagged off by state water resources minister Prithibi Majhi at 11am in the presence of senior NF Railway officials.In its regular run, the train will depart from Dibrugarh railway station every Tuesday at 10.25am and will reach Kolkata at 3am on Wednesday. The return train will leave Kolkata at 9.40pm every Wednesday and arrive in Dibrugarh at 2.25am on Friday.The 18-coach train consists of one AC 2 tier, two AC 3 tier, seven sleeper class, six unreserved general second class and two second class coaches cum luggage vans.The train will stop at New Tinsukia, Simaluguri, Mariani, Bokajan, Dimapur, Diphu, Lumding, Hojai, Chaparmukh, Jagiroad, Guwahati, Kamakhya, New Bongaigaon, Fakiragram, New Coochbehar, New Jalpaiguri, Malda Town, Azimganj, Katwa, Nabadwipdham and Bandel stations en route on both the journeys.Significantly, to cover the distance between Dibrugarh and Guwahati, the total time taken by the train will be approximately eight hours and 25 minutes, said a railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16258623", "title": "Wall collapses, injures senior citizen", "text": "PONDA: A wall crashed down on a 61-year-old man injuring him at Shiroda, Ponda, on Tuesday afternoon. Police said Narayan Babulo Tari was sleeping in his house when the accident occurredPonda police said that one of the mud walls of his neighbour, Shashi Pundalik Naik's, house at Tariwada-Shiroda came down on Tari's house on Tuesday afternoon.\"Tari was having a nap when the wall collapsed on him. He has been admitted to Hospicio Hospital at Margao,\" police said. Police have estimated a loss of about 2 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16259709", "title": "BJP, Congress have conspired to disrupt Parliamentary proceedings: Yechury", "text": "MADURAI: Addressing a rally taken out by the Students' Federation of India ahead of its all India conference in the city, CPM polit bureau member Sitaram Yechury described the ongoing disruption of Parliament as a joint conspiracy of the BJP and the Congress. A perfect case of match-fixing, Yechury, who is a Rajya Sabha MP said. The SFI meet will begin on Wednesday and end Friday.When the country is struggling to cope with steep inflation, falling growth and rising unemployment, the ruling party and the opposition were disrupting the parliamentary sessions. For the 9th consecutive, Parliament did not debate the coalgate scam, he said. There is a conspiracy behind the disruption of parliamentary proceedings and both parties are responsible, he charged.Yechury alleged that both the Congress and BJP are looting the country's resources. When Parliament has to discuss various issues pertaining to the country, the coalgate issue has dominated the session, he said. Criticizing the UPA government, he pointed out that Right to Education Act, which was passed by Parliament three years ago, but the Act is yet to be implemented as both the Centre and the state government claim that funds are unavailable. In the same way, UPA 2 promised to implement the Food Security Bill after it assumed office but has yet to pass the bill citing lack of funds.Yechury claimed that the policies of the UPA policies only benefit a few rich corporates, who have been given major tax exemptions whereas more than 80 crore people are struggling. \"This country never lacks resources but the resources are being looted at present. The largest resource in the country is youth power as 54% of population is youth. The youth force should be utilized, unfortunately there are no right policies to tap the youth power,\" he said.The Congress and the BJP has no policies to channelize youth power, Yechury said, exhorting the youth to join the Left parties, which alone, he claimed, had policies to transform the country. Senior CPM leaders and SFI functionaries participated in the rally and the public meeting that followed. Senior CPM leaders from across the country are expected to attend the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16259181", "title": "Social solution to traffic woes", "text": "LUDHIANA: A social connect between commuters and city traffic police is serving the cause as various problems are coming to fore on the Facebook (FB) account of Ludhiana traffic police. The activity from both, the traffic department and the city residents, is frequent and expected to lead to fast action towards resolving traffic snarls.In charge of city traffic Beant Juneja says the objective of their FB account is to invite public participation in improving city's traffic condition. \"Suggestions and advice from people are always welcome on our page,\" he adds. Following one of the most frequent complaints, the traffic police have started a drive against the unregistered auto rickshaws in the city, says Juneja, adding, \"We have also initiated action to close unnecessary openings on various roads to ensure smooth traffic.\"Responding to residents' advice on the FB page, the traffic police have sent a letter to several schools, asking them not to allow underage drivers bring vehicles to schools. Complaints about jams on Cheema Chowk are another frequent issue on this social page. The police are also using the page to inform commuters about diversions in case of protests and repairs on certain roads, says Juneja. SKS Nagar resident Harmeet Puri hopes the web page will help the traffic department redress residents' grievances at a faster pace. \"The page informs you about various initiatives being taken across the city,\" he adds.\"It is an interesting effort and I hope the activity on the account is evident on ground too and leads to smoother traffic movement in the city,\" says Ferozepur Road resident Rajeev Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258016", "title": "Tobacco sale continues unhindered", "text": "GUWAHATI: While various organizations are pressing for a ban on the sale of tobacco and tobacco-related products in the state, the sale of such products continues unhindered near the Gauhati Medical College and Hospitals (GMCH).The hospital authorities claim they have been regularly asking police officers of the Bhangagarh police station to take strict action against shops selling tobacco and tobacco-related products near the hospital. However, even if police shut down these shops, they resurface.Kabul Saikia, GMCH principal said, \"The shops are located outside the premises and every time police removes the shops, they are opened again. We have asked the administration to take action.\"The police officers, however, say the hospital authorities should do something instead of relying on the police alone.JR Malakar, officer in charge of Bhangagarh police station said, \"Whenever we notice stalls outside the hospital, we remove them, but the shops come up again as they have been sitting there for years now. The hospital authorities should also do something on their own rather than relying on the police. I think if they discuss the matter with the district administration, the situation might change.\"Ashutosh Agnihotri, DC Kamrup (metro) said they have been looking into the matter and will soon talk with the hospital authorities regarding the matter to find a permanent solution to the problem.However, some feel that the situation will never change as the shops have been selling tobacco and tobacco-related products outside GMCH for years and nothing was done so far.Aimi Das, a shopkeeper, who sells 'paan tamul' and other tobacco products outside the GMCH entrance said, \"At times the police shut down our shops and we have to run away, but we have been putting up our stalls here for the last four years now. The patients are accompanied by family members and they buy things from us. This has been going on for years now and we do not think that our shops will be removed permanently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16256975", "title": "Mamata Banerjee diverts Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan funds for Teachers\u2019 Day gala", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is using Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan funds meant for the upgrade of education infrastructure for its Teachers' Day function at Netaji Indoor Stadium here on Wednesday.Even as the government desperately seeks a bailout from the Centre and complains about lack of funds stalling development work, state education department officials have released cheques of Rs 4,200 to each of the 115 government-aided schools to bring 6,900 students to the venue in hired buses and provide them snacks. The budget for the programme, pegged at Rs 45 lakh, is 15 times more than its previous edition, held in 2010, that was addressed by former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.Sources in the education department said funds for the programme will come from allocations for the SSA in two tranches of Rs 25 lakh and Rs 20 lakh. The Centre's share in SSA funds is 75%. The largesse, by a state that can ill-afford such expenditures is baffling. According to SSA estimates, it takes Rs 1.7 lakh to build a school room. A bit of number crunching shows the government could have built at least 26 new school rooms with its budget for the Wednesday function.For the past three days, decorators have been hard at work setting up a 58 feet long and 34 feet wide dais at the stadium, where the CM will felicitate teachers and address the young listeners her government has arranged to bring to the venue. The state plans to felicitate 100 government school teachers with a cash reward of Rs 25,000 each, up by Rs 15,000 from the Left days. The rest of the money will be spent on the cultural programme and cover other costs.The school directorate has identified 35 government aided schools in Kolkata, 25 in Barrackpore, 20 in South 24-Parganas, and 15 each from Howrah and other parts of North 24-Parganas. Each of these schools has been asked to send 60 students along with the teachers, some of whom may receive the Shikshna Ratna award.\"We received a directive from the school directorate asking us to identify schools and arrange for sending students from across five districts to the September 5 programme,\" said North 24-Parganas district inspector (secondary) Amar Sil. \"We have given Rs 3,000 for hiring buses and Rs 1,200 for refreshments for the 60 students,\" said Howrah district inspector Tapas Biswas.Teachers have been asked to avoid taking Class X students because they will be having their test exam soon. \"Preference has been given to students from Class V to Class VII because their school unit tests are over,\" said a school teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259077", "title": "Disabled boy seeks help from Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Tuhin De, a 12-year-old quadriplegic who cannot utilize his hands and uses his mouth to write answer scripts, came down to Writers' Buildings from Kharagpur with his parents on Tuesday to seek helpfrom chief minister Mamata Banerjee . He, however, had to return home disappointed as the CM could not meet him since he did not come with any prior appointment.Sujata, mother of the Class VI student of St Anthony's School of Kharagpur, said that her son desperately wanted to meet the CM. However, Tuhin, though a bit disappointed, promised that he will come again to meet Didi. \"I will request her to arrange for funds for my treatment and bear the cost of my education. I want to become a scientist,\" he said.Later, the boy met social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra. \"The minister told us to submit a form so that the government can bear my son's education cost,\" said the boy's mother.Tuhin's father Samiran said that it was only few days after Tuhin's birth that he developed this rare disease. \"We had treated him but nothing happened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257135", "title": "Only one-fourth of RTI applicants get info sought: Study", "text": "INDORE: Only one-fourth of the applicants filing RTI before the central information commission (CIC) get the information as required by them, if one goes by the study conducted by an Indore-based RTI activist, Anuradha Verma. She is currently associated with Indian Institute of Management (Indore) as an RTI consultant and runs a site www.rtifoundationofindia.com.The study reveals that nearly one-third of the applicants get only a part of the information sought whereas another one-third cases are rejected. In many cases, the CIC takes around 10-12 months to hear an appeal.In her study, Verma analyzed all the orders passed by the CIC in July. The commission had uploaded a total of 2,165 orders on its website. The study suggests that the time taken between the filing of appeals before the panel and it being heard has been so long that the matters might have lost their relevance. \"Knowing about the consequences of filing an appeal and the probable outcome would be helpful in getting an overall picture of the kind of appeals being filed before the CIC,\" adds the paper.Talking to TOI, Verma said, \"A hearing has to happen, while repeated hearing can be avoided.\" Verma said she was working on a crucial part of her study which might help in reducing the time taken by CIC to hear an appeal.Speaking on the functioning of CIC, Verma said, \"It is a prime organization everybody looks up to. Still, I feel that some mechanism should be developed to make it more effective.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259927", "title": "Longest volvo bus on trial between Bangalore and Mysore", "text": "BANGALORE: It could well be a journey to cherish - on board a bus with toilet and pantry facilities. To make our travel experience better, Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) put on trial the Volvo-made , longest multi-axle air-conditioned bus between Bangalore and Mysore from Tuesday.The 14.5-metre-long bus is 0.8 metre longer than a multi-axle bus, has around 41 seats, with a toilet and in-house pantry services. The vehicle comes with rear steerable axle for better maneuverability and intelligent gear shift (I-shift ) automated transmission as standard operability.The first bus will ply between Bangalore and Mysore with a fare fixed at Rs 300. Another is being planned to Chennai.KSRTC officials said once the trial run is over and the manufacturers are ready with more such buses, the corporation will go ahead with the procurement process for regular trips to Mysore and Chennai. \"This may become operational from November,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258611", "title": "Interest subsidy scheme for small enterprises", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of industries, trade and commerce, government of Goa, runs the 'Interest subsidy scheme' in order to assist various small-scale enterprises and promote industrial growth. This scheme aims to boost economic growth in the state by providing subsidy to micro and small enterprises on interest payable by them. This week we look at the procedures for applying for this scheme and benefits available under the same.Eligibility criteriaOnly those industrial units which acknowledge the 'entrepreneur memorandum II' by the directorate of industries, trade and commerce are eligible to seek benefits under this schemeUnits are eligible for the benefit for a period of 5 years, that is 20 quarters subsequent to the quarter in which the commercial production has commencedThis scheme is applicable to industries covered under 'Green List' and specified 'Orange List' (The units covered under Orange II, II B are not entitled to avail benefits under this scheme)This scheme is not applicable to units under revival plan as defined under 'sick unit revival policy'The scheme is applicable to units which have availed loans as term loans and working capital from nationalized, scheduled or cooperative banks or any other financial institution notified by the government of GoaQuantum of subsidyIncentives are given to eligible units to the extent of 1.5% of the total net turnover, or 30% of the interest paid by the units, whichever is lesser, subject to a ceiling of 5 lakh per annumAny additional benefit granted to women entrepreneurs by government of India/government of Goa under any scheme of any departmentDocuments requiredApplication form available at the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerceTwo photographs of the applicantDocuments in support of proof of residence (copy of ration card, voters ID card or utility bill in applicant's name)Copy of applicant's PAN cardIncome tax return details for the last 3 yearsAudited balance sheet of the previous 3 yearsProcedureAll the above-mentioned documents are to be submitted to the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerce, along with the completed application formEvery eligible unit has to file its claim after closing of every financial year and before May 31 in the specified format along with the certificate issued by the nationalized bank/specified financial institution in respect of total interest paid by the unitUpon receipt of the application, a task force committee constituted under the scheme scrutinizes and recommends the eligible applicant within 3 months and disburses the amount payable within 6 months from the date of receipt of the applicationAddress/Contact detailsDirectorate of Industries, Trade &amp; Commerce, Udyog Bhavan, Panaji, Goa - 403001Phone: 2222241, 2422268If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji - 403001Compiled by Rahul Rai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16257145", "title": "Uddhav seeks to go one up on Raj, seeks permits for Biharis", "text": "MUMBAI: Not to be left behind by his cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray who has made Bihar-bashing his party's raison d'etre, Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday called for a permit system to check the influx of migrants from Bihar into Mumbai.Such a demand was first made by his father and Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray for all \"outsiders\" way back in the 1980s. Tweaking Raj's agenda, Uddhav said, \"If the Bihar government doesn't allow the Mumbai police to track down a criminal in that state, then there should also be a permit system for migrants who come to Mumbai from Bihar to make a living.\"Political observers see this as a bid to outdo the MNS and reaffirm the Sena's commitment to the cause of the 'Marathi manoos'. Uddhav also declared that his party would not accept Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar as the NDA's prime ministerial candidate if he continued to stick to his stand on supporting \"traitors\". \"The Bihar CM should have felt ashamed that the Amar Jawan memorial vandal turned out to be a person from Bihar,\" Sena mouthpiece Saamna quoted Uddhav as saying on Tuesday.While Saamna has backed Raj on the issue of migrants, there are indications that the Thackerays may be wary of teaming up with the MNS. Matoshree is unwilling to go the extra mile to befriend Raj at this point of time, said a senior Sena functionary.\"Balasaheb and Uddhavji are clear that MNS is merely echoing Sena's son-of-the-soil agenda. The Sena cannot concede extra ground to MNS, which is just a six-year old party,\" he explained.Uddhav, who is recovering from a recent angioplasty, will address a public meeting in Dadar on Friday on the issue of heritage in an attempt to consolidate the party's Marathi vote bank. Reacting to Uddhav's statements, BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said the Jan Sangh had fought against the permit system in Jammu &amp; Kashmir. Hussain, an MP from Bhagalpur in Bihar, said Maharashtra was a part of India and every citizen of the country has the right to visit or earn livelihood in the state including Mumbai.\"We will not accept this. Every person from Bihar has the right to go to any part of the country,\" Hussain said.Times ViewUddhav Thackeray is questioning the very idea of India when he says that there should be a system of permits for Bihari migrants coming into Mumbai. What would be left of the idea of a nation-state, particularly one that aims to be a liberal democracy, if governments start imposing arbitrary restrictions on the movement of people from one part of the country to another? Rather than painting migrants from other states, particularly those in the north, as the hated 'other', the Sena leader would do well to recognize how important a role they have played in making Mumbai a modern, cosmopolitan metropolis. Mumbai is as much theirs as his.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16258127", "title": "More cancer awareness programme for medical students", "text": "JODHPUR: With an aim to tackle the estimated spurt of 500% in cancer cases in the country in the next two decades, the Union government has signed an MoU with the Indian Cooperative Oncology Network (ICON), a national body of cancer specialists specializing in cancer training, teaching, education and cooperative cancer clinical trials in India. The objective of the MoU is to conduct cancer awareness and education (CME) in all the 315 odd medical colleges of the country for undergraduate and post-graduate medical students.Hemant Malhotra, head of medical oncology (SMS Medical College) and the programme director of CME, known as PromOTE (Promoting of Oncology Training and Education), said recognising the gravity of the situation and the relative lack of knowledge and interest in the medical students - both UGs and PGs -regarding cancer, this programme is expected to make them better acquainted with oncology, to ensure early diagnosis and better treatment of cancer patients.Malhotra said according to WHO's observation, more than two-thirds of all the cancer deaths annually will be recorded in developing countries. \"Indian cancer registry data suggest that one in every 10 Indians will develop cancer in his/her lifetime. The diagnosis, work-up and the management of the cancer patient has undergone a dramatic change in the past 20 years and today more than 50% of all cancer cases can be cured,\" Malhotra added.The first CME of the state was held in Jodhpur at the S N Medical College on Sunday and the next CME will take place in the SMS Medical College in Jaipur.Jodhpur's SN Medical College also became the state's first medical college to have connected with the high speed National Knowledge Network with the help of National Informatics Centre (NIC), which provided technical support to the college. This landmark initiative paved way for the state's first Tele-CME through video conferencing recently, establishing contact of the SN Medical College with Hospital for Sick Children ( Toronto ).Principal of the S N Medical College, Arvind Mathur, said doctors of both hospitals discussed the emerging concept of universal global physician by emphasizing knowledge of culture and traditions of other countries for a physician and international collaborations in medical education in Indian perspective followed by a CME on pediatric neurology, under which two case studies were discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259523", "title": "Attendant molests woman at Government Medical College and Hospital", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama prevailed in ward number 72 of Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH), Sector 32, when a male attendant, Kulbir Singh, tried to escape after molesting a female attendant of another patient during late night hours of Monday.The incident took place around 12.30am when the victim was sleeping along with her patient and Kulbir tried to outrage her modesty. The victim woke up and raised hue and cry. A resident of Sector 7 of Panchkula, Kulbir tried to shut her mouth but later ran away from the spot.Meanwhile, a security guard with the help of some other attendants nabbed the culprit and summoned the area police on the spot. In her complaint to police, victim also stated accused had also been intercepted her way for two times earlier too.Inspector Kirpal Singh said the accused has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16259383", "title": "Cops nabbed, explosives, vehicles seized in drive against illegal mining", "text": "SASARAM: In its first operation against illegal mining in the state, the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the state police launched a major drive in the stone quarry area of Kaimur hills at Krawandia, about eight-km from this district headquarters town, on Tuesday and seized about 50 vehicles, including JCBs and pock lane machines.Four persons, including a police personnel, have been arrested. The policeman, identified as Bharat Baitha, was caught on the charge of letting two seized JCB machines to escape. Baitha is the official bodyguard of former state BJP president, Gopal Narayan Singh, who is also alleged to be involved in illegal mining. No kingpin of the illegal mining operation could be arrested. Sunil Choudhary, said to be the brother of CM's security in charge Balram Choudhary, was among those arrested.Those engaged in illegal mining attacked the raiding parties, pelting police officials and their vehicles with stones. Three police vehicles were damaged in the attack.An EOW officer said on the condition of anonymity that the operation was kept secret and none of the officers had any inkling about this. They stayed in Gaya on Monday night and on early Tuesday morning, they were asked to rush to Rohtas district. In the operation, the services of Gaya police were also taken. Not a single station house officer (SHO) of Rohtas district was engaged in the drive. As a part of the operation, all the entry points of the mining area were sealed completely.The SP of the EOW, Ashok Kumar Singh, who headed the raiding teams, said the drive would continue. The sources said about 40 officers, including DSPs, inspectors and other junior officers of the wing were engaged in the drive.Sources said before launching the drive, the EOW had conducted a survey of unabated illegal mining in the hills. They said about two months back, the wing had informed the district administration that the illegal mining issue had been taken up by it.The sources said the raiding party was shocked to see the illegal mining going on in about 300 acres on a large scale. Earlier, only 70 acres of hills were leased for mining but after cancellation and expiry of the lease, the area of illegal mining spread to 300 acres.They said within the last one year, several drives against the illegal mining were launched in Kaimur hills, but in each drive only poor workers were arrested. Though FIRs against many mafia leaders were lodged, they managed to get bail from the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257830", "title": "Police recruit commits suicide; 2 instructors held for harassment", "text": "PUNE: The body of a 24-year-old police recruit, Devidas Suryabhan Punjarwad, was found hanging from a tree at the police headquarters in Shivajinagar in the early hours of Tuesday. He had allegedly written on his trousers that he was ending his life because two police instructors at the headquarters were harassing him for money.The note on Devidas's trousers mentioned that police sub-inspector Ramchandra Ghule, incharge of training, and police naik Nana Salunke, a drill instructor, were demanding Rs 10,000 and 5,000 respectively from him, the police said.The Shivajinagar police arrested Ghule and Salunke under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of the Indian Penal Code after Devidas's elder brother Shivshankar (26), who is a police constable with the traffic branch, lodged a complaint against them.Around 3 am, Devidas sent an SMS to Shivshankar mentioning that Ghule and Salunke were demanding money from him.\"He requested Shivshankar not to let them get away,\" said a relative of the family, who was at the Sassoon hospital on Tuesday morning.\"However, Shivshankar did not read the SMS as he was asleep. Around 6.30 am, he went to the headquarters for the routine parade and saw a crowd on the ground there. On going near the spot, he saw his brother's body hanging from the tree.\"Deputy commissioner of police (headquarters) Shirish Sardeshpande told TOI that Devidas had used a sari to hang himself. He said Devidas was selected in the police force during a recruitment drive in May last year. Devidas was among 50 recruits undergoing two-and-a-half months' training at the headquarters.Sardeshpande said that during regular parade on Monday, Devidas had excused himself saying he was not feeling well. \"After some time, he rejoined the parade. But he again left suddenly without informing the instructors, who then sought a written explanation from him. We also found that he did not attend training from June 11 to 14,\" he said.Asked about the allegations levelled by Devidas against the instructors, Sardeshpande said, \"We have initiated an administrative inquiry. Besides, the Shivajinagar police have also started their investigations.\"Sardeshpande said Devidas could have approached him if he was facing problems at the headquarters. \"All 50 recruits have my cell phone number. I am available in my office till evening every day,\" he said.Devidas was a sensitive person: CousinKeshav Punjarwad, a police constable at the Shivajinagar headquarters and a cousin of Devidas, told TOI that the deceased was a sensitive person who would get disturbed over small things. \"He was the youngest of three brothers. After completing his Std XII, he was pursuing a degree in engineering at a private college in Karad in Satara district. He, however, left the course to join the police force, which was his dream,\" Keshav said. Devidas's family hails from Kharatwadi village in Nanded district. His last rites will be performed there.Recent suicides by copsMay 23, 2012: Bhanudas Shinde (54), a PSI attached to the Kothrud police station, shot himself dead with his service revolver at a private hospital on Senapati Bapat road minutes after the death of his ailing mother.May 12, 2011:Deepali Jadhav (26), a PSI attached to the Chatushrungi police station, hanged herself at her residence in Dapodi.September 25, 2011:Constable Dnyaneshwar Shinde (32), attached to the Dehu road police station, committed suicide at his government quarters.October 3, 2010:Police inspector Dattatreya Sankeshwari (42), who was attached to the Dattawadi police station, shot himself dead with his service revolver at his residence in Swargate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258695", "title": "Corporations speed up work on pending projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: As assembly elections near, the municipal corporations have speeded up all pending projects.For instance, in north Delhi, projects worth Rs 700 crore are in the pipeline. \" Eighty per cent of the projects will be completed before March 2013 and some even by this year-end,\" said Ravinder Gupta, chairman, works committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.At present the corporation has taken up construction of 41 new school buildings, three parking lots, five RUBs, redevelopment of two parks, 14 drainage projects in all six zones under its jurisdiction, construction of seven roads, one foot-over-bridge and a grade separator at Rani Jhansi road, 13 community centres and redevelopment of Ashok Vihar market. The projects were to be completed before the Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16257064", "title": "AP Public Service Commission Group I mains from September 18", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP Public Service Commission (APPSC) postponed the Group I (Mains) exams yet again on Tuesday. The examinations will now be conducted from September 18 to 28 as against the earlier schedule of September 16 to 26. The decision was taken after the commission held a meeting and revised the final merit list adding 1,201 new candidates for Mains based on a new answer key. As per the final list, 16,782 candidates are eligible for the examination.The new schedule released by APPSC said Paper I to V and the General English paper will be held on September 18, 20, 22, 24, 26 and 28 respectively. The officials of the commission revised the merit list, removing certain candidates and adding new ones based on the new key prepared after deleting errors in the paper.A release sent by the commission has also asked all candidates to download hall tickets afresh from the website www.appsc.gov.in. The commission has also postponed the dates for other exams, including that of assistant engineer (AE), deputy inspector of survey, accounts officer, junior accounts officer and senior accounts officer, which were to be held from September 23 and 24 to November 3 and 4 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16258187", "title": "Help us throw out every infiltrator: Assam CM", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday declared that the state government is on a mission to throw out every single illegal migrant from the state and appealed to people to help the government in detecting them.This comes at a time when several organizations and political parties have started anti-foreigners' rallies and processions, which, according to Gogoi, is the beginning of the second wave of anti-foreigners' movement in the state.\"There are 2,37,631 cases against doubtful citizens lying with foreigners' tribunals. More such cases will keep on adding,\" said Gogoi.Anti-foreigner campaigns taken up by All Assam Students' Union, AGP and BJP have come immediately after the recent ethnic conflict in lower Assam, which the Bodos have termed as a clash with illegal migrants and not Indian Muslims.\"I have no differences with Aasu or AGP on the illegal migrant issue. But only movements will not help. We need to take concrete steps and everybody should co-operate in detecting and deporting illegal migrants,\" said the chief minister.The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu), which led the six-year-long anti-foreigners' movement in the state starting from 1979, has raised the illegal migrant bogey after the recent ethnic clashes in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD). Aasu activists have taken out a series of rallies in several districts since the last one week, seeking detection and deportation of illegal migrants. The BJP on Tuesday took out a huge rally in Dibrugarh on the same issue. The AGP has taken the demand to New Delhi.\"We are on a mission to deport illegal migrants and I need the help and cooperation of Aasu, political parties and the people. We have set up thana committees where people at the thana level can come and identify any doubtful citizen. Once that is done, it becomes easier for police to forward the cases to the tribunals,\" added the CM.Gogoi said he is trying to convince the Centre to set up more tribunals in the state to handle cases piled up at the 36 tribunals in the state. \"There is a scarcity of judges for which so many cases are pending. I have written to the Centre to facilitate appointment of qualified-to-be-judges advocates as judges of foreigners' tribunals,\" said Gogoi.The CM added that he will write to the Centre for approving new rules for updating the National Register of Citizens (NRC) already approved by the state cabinet. The NRC, which is being updated based on the 1951 electoral rolls, is an exercise taken up by the state government to maintain a record of its residents and the degree of influx from neighbouring Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16256544", "title": "50-ft-long Mumbai metro slab slips, 1 killed, 16 hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: A 50-feet long concrete slab collapsed at the Metro railway's under-construction airport station around 4.35pm on Tuesday, killing at least one labourer and injuring 16 others, two of them critically. Naseem Khan, guardian minister for the suburbs, who informed the cabinet of the incident, said the slab slipped while it was being mounted on the scaffolding. The state government has ordered an inquiry into the incident.Sahar police have registered a case against unidentified people under section 304A of the IPC for causing death by negligence. State health minister Suresh Shetty said all the injured and the one dead were labourers. \"An enquiry has been ordered to find out whether the contractor's shoddy work caused the incident. We will decide on the compensation to be paid to the victims,\" he said.Indications were that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is scheduled to travel to Nashik on Wednesday morning, could visit the accident site later in the afternoon.The 12 km metro railway, being built by Reliance Infrastructure-led Mumbai Metro One Pvt Ltd (MMOPL), has been plagued by several mishaps from the start. RInfra had appointed Hindustan Construction Company , which has built the Bandra-Worli Sea link, as sub-contractor for the Rs 2,356-crore project. Tuesday's incident has again put the focus back on the quality of construction at the Metro project. Sources said inquiries into the incident and inspections may push the deadline of the much-delayed project by a month or two.\"We deeply regret the accident at the airport station Metro site, which is being constructed by our contractor HCC. Our emergency response team along with HCC staff is at the site to provide rescue and relief services which is the immediate priority for us. We will keep the media and affected parties posted as we obtain more information on the accident,\" an MMOPL spokesperson said.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said, \"The MMRDA is a minority stake-holder in the RInfra-led MMOPL. The state government will order an inquiry into the incident.\"Minutes after the incident, locals and pedestrains present at the spot rushed to rescue labourers trapped in the debris and called the fire brigade. The slab collapsed a few metres from the road and locals said casualties could have been higher if the slab had fallen on vehicles passing below.Sources said one labourer died while being taken to hospital. Three workers were taken to the critical care units of the nearby Seven Hills and Cooper hospitals. An eyewitness, Suresh Nair, who was withdrawing cash from a nearby ATM, said he heard a loud noise when the freshly-laid concrete slab and supporting girders started falling, trapping labourers below. Eyewitnesses said the incident occurred towards Leela Galleria, close to the portion of the footpath of Andheri-Ghatkopar road, where a staircase for the proposed Metro was being built. \"People were running helter-skelter as the concrete and iron sheets began falling,\" said Nair.The debris and rescue operations created huge traffic snarls in the area for more than three hours. As rescue operations began, the traffic police deployed additional personnel as the incident coincided with the evening peak-hour. Vehicles were diverted to Kumaria junction through Sahar. \"The Andheri-Kurla road was closed for traffic moving towards the Western Express Highway and diversions were put in place. We also circulated text messages advising people to take the Sahar road instead,\" said a senior traffic official. Major snarls were reported on arterial roads like Sahar road, Aarey road and nearby areas leading to the Western Express Highway, including JB Nagar and Chakala. The road was reopened to traffic by late Tuesday night.(With inputs from Nitasha Natu and Sandeep Ashar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257732", "title": "Engineering student found hanging", "text": "BHOPAL: Yet another engineering student allegedly committed suicide in the city on Monday. The body of the deceased was found hanging at his Kalpana Nagar house on Monday evening.The deceased Hemant Pawar, 21, hailed from Multai in Betul district and he was a student of BE final year. Though, the exact reason for the extreme step is yet to be ascertained, failing in semester exams was a probable cause that goaded him, said the police.One of the deceased's friends, Deepak said that Hemant failed in semester exams and was disturbed for the past few days. The police did not recover any suicide note from the spot.His family reached Bhopal on Tuesday, the police said, adding that the parents were being questioned. The body has been sent for post mortem.25 suicides in last few monthsAround 25 students have reportedly committed suicide in the state capital in last few months. Nearly 16 of them were males and were from different places, residing in the city for studies. The reasons for their suicide vary from failure in exams to broken relationships. Those who committed suicide include Hemant Pawar, Rishabh, Akash Niware, Mahesh Malviya, Anup Tiwari, Pancham Pal, Abhay Kumar Singh, Annu Singh, Gaurav Chouhan, Indramani Vishwakarma.Men go for harsher ways to end lifeAccording to the experts, males opt for harsher ways to end their life where death is certain. Psychologist Dr Ruma Bhattacharya said, \"Extreme depression triggers suicide. Depression is more common in women than men, reason why men register more to suicides is because they go for harsher ways where there's no escape. While women usually prefer to cut their wrists, try to hang herself or consume sleeping pills. On the other hand, a man would throw himself in front of running train or jump into deep waters to end life\", she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258373", "title": "18-yr-old boy found dead in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: An 18-year-old youth was found dead under mysterious circumstances when his younger brother tried to wake him up in the morning on Tuesday under Itaunja police station area. The victim was identified as Mukesh Kumar, a resident of Rampur Babu village under the same police station area.Though the cops are waiting for the post-mortem report, the body of Mukesh bore an injury mark, which has turned black, the police confirmed. However, whether Mukesh had been strangulated or not could be only confirmed after post-mortem report in the matter is received. According to Mukesh's younger brother Rahul, Mukesh had slept on Monday night after taking dinner outside the house, while he was sleeping inside the house.At around 6.00 am, when he woke up and tried to wake up Mukesh, he found him lying dead on the cot. Rahul subsequently informed the police, which rushed to the spot and started the investigation into the matter.The police, however, said that the family members of Mukesh have not hinted towards any old enmity or any affair. However, police sources confirmed that Mukesh was either strangulated or poisoned to death. The black injury mark could be for either of the two reasons, sources confirmed. Police sources also confirmed that property could be the main reason behind the murder of Mukesh. Mukesh's father (Kashiprasad) had also died under mysterious circumstances about two years back. While his mother had died about a year back owing to illness. Now, only Rahul is left in the family, the police sources confirmed and added that it looks someone from the relatives is eyeing the property.The Itaunja police, however, said that the matter is being investigated and anything concrete in this regard could only be said after the post-mortem report is received. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257469", "title": "Money for drug trial: Probe against Indore doctor", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has decided to institute a departmental enquiry against Dr Ashok Vajpayee, retired professor and head of department in MGM Medical College, Indore for accepting money for drug trial unduly.The cabinet on Tuesday decided to increase honorarium of Gurujis teaching in Education Guarantee Primary Schools upgraded under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan by Rs 1100.It will be applicable for Gurujis who could not be appointed on the post of Contractual School Teacher grade-3 after failing in the separate exam held for it. The increase will come into effect from April 1, 2012.The cabinet approved rates of Narmada Tax with the objective of making funds available to Bhopal Municipal Corporation for running and maintaining Bhopal's Narmada Drinking Water Supply Scheme. Narmada Tax will be realised at the time of granting building permission to new colonies and buildings.As per the decision, rate of Narmada Tax will be nil for the building permission of buildings upto 500 square feet, Rs one per square foot on buildings measuring 500 to 1000 square feet, Rs 2 per square foot on 1000 to 1500 square feet, Rs 4 per square foot on 1500 to 3000 square feet, Rs 6 per square foot on 3000 to 4000 square feet and Rs 15 per square foot will be realised as Narmada Tax on buildings measuring over 4000 square feet. Among other decisions, the cabinet also formulated state's new warehousing and logistics policy and amended Technical and Skill Development Policy 2012 for creating additional storage capacity and promoting skill development with private sector participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258848", "title": "ABVP bandh evokes mixed response", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The college bandh call given by Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), a students' wing of BJP, and Youth Against Corruption (YAC), on Tuesday evoked a mixed response.While most colleges remained open in the early morning, they let off the students only after ABVP leaders went from college to college asking the authorities to let the students leave for the day following the bandh call.The ABVP had called a nationwide bandh in protest against the alleged coal and aviation scam to press for the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . In the morning, police personnel were posted at all the colleges to ward off any trouble.The ABVP leaders were seen canvassing for the bandh saying that the country's image has suffered because of unearthing of scams like 2G, Commonwealth, coal and aviation. Minor tensions were reported between the ABVP leaders and principals of colleges. One such verbal spat was witnessed at St Xavier's College. ABVP leaders claimed that the bandh was a complete success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16259882", "title": "BJP workers burn effigies, trade chargesCongress,", "text": "KANPUR: The members of BJP and Congress continued protest against each other on Tuesday. Bharatiya Janata Party staged protests across the city, demanding resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over the Coalgate. The members of Congress party held a protest at Bada Chauraha and flayed BJP leaders Lal Krishna Advani , Sushma Swaraj and Nitin Gadkari, terming them as 'chor'.BJP activists condemned Sunday's police action in which hundreds of its workers were roughed up and cane-charged by the police in front of the house of coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal.Both the sides burnt the effigies of the senior leaders and shouted slogans. They held placards and blamed each other for coal scam. The BJP and the Congress workers engaged in clashes with the police when the cops tried to prevent them from burning the effigies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16256712", "title": "Now, 'own goal' makes its advent in hockey", "text": "PANAJI: Hockey may have its own version of an Andres Escobar or Gary Neville if the latest mandatory experimental rule is successful.An 'own goal', courtesy the 2013 FIH rule book, will award goals if the ball is touched by a defender before entering the goal even if an attacker plays the ball from outside the striking circle.Escobar of Colombia scored an infamous 'own goal' against the US in the 1994 World Cup (which is believed to have led to his murder) while Neville's back-pass bobbled over his goalkeeper Paul Robinson's foot to enter the England goal in a Euro 2008 qualifier against Croatia in 2006 - two famous instances of embarrassing 'goal scoring' moments on the soccer pitch.According to the current hockey rules, a hit from outside the circle which finds the stick of a defender or hits the goalkeeper to crash in, is not a goal.The latest intended change then, is yet another in the seemingly unending stream of hockey rules that have changed the face of the sport in the last five decades or so.The most obvious impact of this new rule change would be an increase in the number of goals and increasing pressure on the defenders and goalkeepers.THE NEW RULEA goal is scored when:a. the ball is played by an attacker or touches the stick or body of a defender within the circleb. after either of these actions, the ball does not travel outside the circle before passing completely over the goal-line and under the cross-bar.Like always, Europe is likely to enforce the experiment as soon as possible with England Hockey reportedly ready to do so with the season opener. India's administrators of the game are likely to wake up to the experiment long after the world has reported its findings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257817", "title": "Track-laying in progress on showpiece metro stretch", "text": "CHENNAI: Tracks have been laid for 1.5km on the Koyambedu-Vadapalani elevated stretch, a part of the Koyambedu-St Thomas Mount line on which Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) plans to operate trains by end of 2013.Preliminary works to electrify the stretch will kick off soon. \"As tracks are in place, the stretch is ready for electrification. We plan to complete installing posts and cantilever and build stations when civil engineering works are completed on elevated corridors,\" said a senior CMRL official. Works are progressing fast to hoist, place and weld tracks on another 300 metres where viaduct and a concrete plinth to fix tracks are ready. The works are expected to be over in a couple of months.The stretch, where tracks are expected to be laid by July next year, will serve as a showpiece. After viaducts are placed on pillars, a concrete plinth is laid over it. Tracks are laid over the plinth using track fasteners. Flash butt welding process is adopted to weld 18-metre-long rails.A joint Larson &amp; Toubro-Alstom Projects venture bagged the 449.22 crore contract to design and lay tracks for the 45km network. The track work comprises 109 route km, including 15 route km inside the Koyambedu depot. The tracks will be of standard gauge \u2014 the width between two rails will be 143.5cm.Construction works are at different stages on the rest of the stretch. Stations are taking shape at Koyambedu, Vadapalani and Alandur while viaduct pillars have been raised and works on building the K K Nagar station are on.On the Koyambedu-Ashok Nagar stretch, 140 of the 185 spans or viaducts have been installed; on the Ashok Nagar-St Thomas Mount stretch 62 of the 131 spans have been installed, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258105", "title": "Railways asks hospital to repay mishap victim", "text": "MUMBAI: A private hospital in Vasai refunded Rs 22,000 to a railway accident victim, who was asked to cough up the expenses, despite the Western Railway having signed an agreement with the hospital to bear costs of emergency treatment.On September 3, TOI had reported about the plight of the victim, Kinjal Makhani, after she fell off a local train and fractured both her arms.WR has empanelled five private hospitals between Virar and Dahisar, where mishap victims can be rushed to. Patients are to be taken to Bhagwati Hospital, Borivli, once they are stabilized. This was done to ensure that victims get treatment within the \"golden hour.\"According to the agreement signed with with Golden Park Hospital, WR has to bear emergency treatment costs of the victim, once relevant bills are submitted to it by the hospital at the end of the month.Sandeep Silas, division general manager of the Mumbai division, confirmed to TOI that the hospital had been asked to reimburse the treatment cost paid by the Makhanis.\"An apology letter was also given to us,\" Kinjal's father said. \"Also, Kinjal, who was on a waiting list for a surgery at Bhagwati Hospital, will be operated upon on Wednesday. The TOI article made a big difference.\"Last week, Kinjal, who was standing near the door of a train compartment, felt dizzy, lost her grip andfell off between Bhayander and Naigaon stations. Doctors asked her to undergo a CT scan and prescribed antibiotics. and prescribed antibiotics.Kinjal's family had to pay Rs 22,000 after a railway official allegedly told them that the WR would pay only for the CT scan and for the first 24 hours of treatment. \"No additional charges can be levied on the victim for the hospital stay,\" said railway activist Sameer Zaveri.An official said, \"An inquiry is being conducted to check whether the hospital has been charging railway victims and railway authorities. If found guilty, WR will de-empanel it.\"despite a , though the Western Railway had contracted with them to bear the cost of emergency treatment.On September 3, TOI had written about the accident victim, Kinjal Makhani's, plight after she fractured both her arms due to a fall from a local train.WR has empanelled five private hospitals between Virar and Dahisar, where mishap victims can be rushed to. Patients are to be taken to Bhagwati Hospital, Borivali, once they are stabilized. This move was taken to ensure that victims get immediate treatment within the \"golden hour.\"Kinjal's family had to shell out the cost of her treatment at the Golden Park Hospital in Vasai, despite WR having entered into an agreement with the hospital to bear costs, once relevant bills were submitted to them at the end of the month. Sandeep Silas, Division General Manager of the Mumbai division confirmed to TOI that the Golden Park Hospital had been told to reimburse the treatment cost paid by the Makhanis.\"An apology letter was also given to us,\" Kinjal's father said. \"Moreover, Kinjal, who had been kept on a waiting list for a surgery at the Bhagwati Hospital, is now going to be operated on Wednesday itself. The TOI article made a big difference.\"Last week, Kinjal had been standing near the door of a local train's compartment when she suddenly felt dizzy between Bhayander and Naigaon stations. Doctors asked her to undergo a CT scan and prescribed antibiotics. Kinjal's family shelled out Rs 22000 from their own pocket, when a railway official allegedly told them that the WR would only pay for CT scans and for the first 24 hours of treatment. \"No additional charges can be levied on the victim for the hospital stay,\" said railway activist Sameer Zaveri.A senior official said, \"An inquiry is being conducted to check whether the hospital had been charging railway victims as well as railway authorities in the past. If found guilty, WR will de-empanel the hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16259074", "title": "Special 108 vehicles for newborns", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi launched three public healthcare schemes in Gandhinagar on Tuesday. The schemes include Mukhyamantri Amrutam Yojana to provide treatment benefits up to Rs 2 lakh for BPL card holders, Khilkhilat ambulance for safe homecoming of infants and mothers post-delivery, and healthcare services of Gujarat State Medical Service Corporation.Speaking on the occasion, Modi said that the state government had provided the latest health facilities to the poorest families and particularly to the mothers and children. Such facilities are usually available only in western countries and it is difficult even to imagine availing them in India, he said.GVK EMRI 108 officials said that they have deployed 20 ambulances across the state in the first phase. The number will reach 124 in six months. \"The vans will be equipped with en route video display about newborn care. On the lines of 108 ambulances, the vehicles will be monitored by a central control room,\" said a senior EMRI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16258209", "title": "Aditya Kumar Mishra to take over as Mafsu VC", "text": "NAGPUR: The city-based Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) has got a vice chancellor after a gap of almost six months. Maharashtra Governor K Sankaranarayanan appointed Prof Aditya Kumar Misra as new Mafsu VC for a five-year term on Tuesday.A hard-core researcher, academician and administrator, Prof Misra is currently working as professor of animal reproduction at the College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences at GB Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, Pantnagar, Uttar Pradesh. His rich academic, scientific and administrative experience earned him the VC's post.With many firsts to his credit in animal research in country, including development of buffalo calf through freezing embryos, and first bull calf via embryo transfer, Misra was also involved in export of frozen semen to Brazil, China, Sri Lanka, Nepal and Thailand .Born on January 6, 1957, in Moradabad, he did his graduation and post-graduation from Mathura. Prof Misra is recipient of the highest award of Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR), the Rafi Ahmad Kidwai award 2007.Misra also has to his credit 30 international and 40 national journal publications and has authored seven books. As administrator, he has worked as director of 'Project on Cattle' of ICAR and as general manager of Sabarmati Ashram Gaushala run by National Dairy Development Board.Speaking to TOI, Prof Misra said it was too early to speak about his plans for the university. He also clarified that he was not sure when he would actually take charge, since it would be some time before he can leave his posting. \"I am certainly delighted to be selected for the post. But I will not speak anything about the university unless I take charge,\" he said.Mafsu VC's post had fallen vacant after CS Prasad resigned on March 9 this year after about 10 months on the post. The governor had appointed a committee headed by former Supreme Court judge VS Sirpurkar, which had shortlisted five of the 32 candidates who applied for the post. Finally, the governor interviewed them and appointed Mishra to the post.16 were called for an interaction with the selection committee headed by director general of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) S Ayyappan and secretary of Maharashtra animal husbandry department Anil Diggikar as other member. Director of Mumbai-based Central Institute for Research in Cotton Technology (CIRCOT) AJ Sheikh was the nodal officer for the selection process.The committee besides Misra had shortlisted the director of research at Mafsu, L B Sarkate, associate dean of Mumbai Veterinary College, A M Paturkar, retired head of microbiology department of BVC, Abhaya Sherikar and the CEO of National Fishery Development Board, C Vasudevappa for the final interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16258588", "title": "White paper on rain-unready BMC demanded", "text": "In the state cabinet meeting on Tuesday, a demand for a white paper on the functioning of the BMC was raised as senior ministers expressed dissatisfaction over the civic body's monsoon preparedness.NCP minister Jayant Patil, also the guardian minister for the island city, initiated the discussion. Criticising the waterlogging, he questioned the delay in the completion of the Brimstowad project meant for the upgrade of drains. He reportedly criticised waterlogging witnessed in several parts of the city.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who heads the urban development department portfolio, admitted to a high cost escalation in the Brimstowad project, which was commissioned after the 2005 deluge. The project cost had shot up from Rs 1,200 crore to Rs 4,000 crore, Chavan admitted. The project was originally funded by the Centre.Home minister R R Patil of the NCP placed the demand for a white paper. Stating that the Opposition was quick to demand a white paper on irrigation, (which is headed by NCP ministers Sunil Tatkare and Ramraje Nimbalkar)citing cost escalations, Patil reportedly demanded the application of the same logic in this case. The BMC is controlled by the Shiv Sena-BJP, while Chavan heads the UD department that oversees its functioning for the government. Patil was critical of the number of potholes on the city roads.Women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad (Congress) also raised concerns over potholes. Chavan, however, did not commit to Patil's demand, a source said. - Sandeep Asher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16250189", "title": "Gopichand knows the emotions we go through: Saina Nehwal", "text": "Coach Pullela Gopichand has played a very important role in Saina Nehwal's journey to the top. The ace shuttler and Olympic bronze medallist says he has made a great contribution towards her success.\"I joined him in 2003 and from then on, I've been playing well on the national and international circuits. His contribution to my sporting career is great,\" Saina says.She describes Gopichand as one of the most dedicated coaches she has ever seen. \"He has worked so hard with me. He wants all the people who he trains to do well on both national and international levels. His academy is producing good players and we all are very happy with him,\" she adds.Being a badminton player himself, he understands what a player goes through, Saina feels. \"He knows the emotions we go through and shows us how to come out of that. Since we are playing at the highest level, he knows exactly what our strengths and weaknesses are and where we need to improve,\" she says.When Saina lost in the semi-finals of the Olympic women's singles, she was naturally upset. But she did have the bronze play-off ahead and had to keep emotions aside and focus on the match. Coach Gopichand played a pivotal role in encouraging her. \"On a tournament, you have only the coach around. He has to give good tips,\" she narrates.There's one thing that he has said that will always remain with her.\"He once told me that 'Saina, you are a champion and can win many titles for India, and change the scene of badminton here.' I am so happy that whatever he said is coming true today,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257762", "title": "Fresh case of cheating against conwoman", "text": "CHENNAI: Mangadu police will register a fresh case of cheating against Shahanaz, who allegedly married several men and then looted them of valuables. The case will be registered on the basis of a complaint filed by Manikandan, who had alleged that the woman had married him in 2010 and escaped with 1.85 lakh.\"We will formally arrest her on Wednesday,\" said an investigating officer. She will be taken into police custody for further questioning, he said. Manikandan from Porur alleged that he came in contact with the woman when he was employed in a car showroom at Mugalivakkam. The woman, who is five months pregnant, was arrested in Bangalore. Police said Shahanaz, from Pathanamthitta district in Kerala, cheated at least seven men in Chennai. She married four of the victims before escaping with their cash and valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257574", "title": "MPHC notice to state on tax evasion by institutions", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday issued notices to the state government and others while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking that service and property tax should be realized from educational institutions in Jabalpur which had let out their campus for commercial activities, such as marriages.A division bench of HC, comprising acting chief justice Sushil Harkauli and justice Alok Aradhe issued four week returnable notices on the respondents, including the Jabalpur divisional commissioner, collector and others.In his PIL, Vikas Patel has also sought that such activities should be stopped immediately as state was losing revenue. Patel stated that educational institutes were get exemption in property and service tax under the civic laws but were making huge money by letting out their premises for functions which amounts inflicting loss to the government and local bodies.Patel's counsel A K Jain contented that property and service tax should be released from those colleges and schools which had rented out their campus for private functions like marriages in the last fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258308", "title": "Coalgate: State firms too will have to fulfil tough conditions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just being a state government company would not be enough to get a coal block under government dispensation once the auction regime kicks in. The guidelines being framed for government dispensation makes it tough for such allotments that would depend on the state's size and past record of the entity applying for a mine.The guidelines, awaiting the coal ministry's nod, would also take into account whether the entity applying for a coal block under the government dispensation belongs to a coal-bearing state.According to the guidelines, the criteria for evaluation of applications would consider \"Past experience in exploiting, progressing in exploiting coal blocks (already) allotted)... and capability of the state mining corporation, i.e., exploration, mining and also on financial and manpower\".The criteria would also examine the \"preliminary availability of land and water etc\" while scrutinizing an application. \"The criteria is only illustrative and the state government shall decide on a detailed transparent mechanism in this regard,\" according to the covering note for the refreshed guidelines.But the note also admits that these are not exhaustive and can be improved with experience over time. \"This is not exhaustive and can be improved upon. The allotment of coal blocks to government companies must also be viewed from point of view that CIL ( Coal India Ltd ) has been enjoying a monopoly status, which has adversely affected its functioning, particularly when it comes to customer satisfaction,\" it says.The guidelines also note the federal auditor's suggestion for allocation of coal blocks to government companies for specific end-use projects such as generating power. The norms have included the power ministry's condition that all entities using coal to generate power shall have to participate in bids invited by discoms for procuring electricity.The guidelines envisage two separate committees under coal secretary for evaluating applications for blocks for mining as well as captive use. While all other members in the committee would be common, the panel for scrutinizing applications for specific end-use projects would include a representative from the pertinent ministry. For example, in case of an application for captive mine for a generation project, a representative of the power ministry would be on the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258582", "title": "Mumbai: Potholes resurface as rain washes away cold-mix fill", "text": "MUMBAI: The downpour has poured water over the civic body's claims of cold mixes being the solution to potholed roads.Besides leaving some stretches pockmarked afresh, the heavy rain also washed away the cold mix that was used to fill the potholes this year. According to the BMC data, of the 17,243 potholes reported this season, 16,035 were attended to, but a source said at least 20% of the filled-in craters were re-exposed following the rain. Even engineers inspecting the roads to check the efficacy of cold mix-the technology approved and being used for road repair-have admitted that the mixture has come off at several spots.\"There are a few instances of the cold mix being washed away in the rain. The potholes are under defect liability and if the craters are re-exposed, the contractor will have to fill them again, without billing for it more than once,\" said a senior civic official from the roads department. Tilak Bridge, road 32 in Matunga, the road outside CST, the stretch near Elphinstone station, the road near Bimbisar Nagar in Goregaon are examples of potholes coming up on the same spots.The shoddy job and the wastage of money has raised the hackles of corporators. \"The money spent on filling potholes is wasted. The civic staff do not take care to supervise the execution of the project by contractors and even substandard work is being tolerated,\" said BJP corporator Vinod Shelar.This year, the civic body rejected the hot mix technology and zeroed in on cold mix for road repair. The three methods, Wonder Patch, Patch Master and Hindustan Colaco, are supposed to fill craters quickly and effectively. For the project, the civic body allotted Rs 40 crore. The advantages of the cold-mix technology are that the work can be finished quickly and efficiently and the material is supposed to have more power to sustain wear and tear than other material used. After repair, a road can be opened to traffic earlier than when asphalt is used.Earlier, the civic body had filling potholes using either hot asphalt, or a hot sprayed bitumen with stone chips mixed into the hot mix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257452", "title": "Pune corporators to oversee water contract with irrigation department", "text": "PUNE: Approval of the standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation as well as the general body will have to be sought before the new water contract between the state irrigation department and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is signed.The committee meeting on Tuesday approved a resolution stating that the administration should table the contract details before the committee and the GB and only then initiate further steps in this regard.\"The PMC plans to sign a contract with the irrigation department for water supply,\" said standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere. \"Elected members are of the opinion that they should know the contract terms and conditions.\"Shreenath Bhimale, BJP corporator and committee member said, \"The city needs around 16 TMC water every year. But the PMC plans to sign a contract for 11.5 TMC. We want to reset the contract terms and conditions so that citizens are not deprived of water.\"The PMC and the irrigation department had signed a contract in 2004 that ended in 2010. In this contract, the PMC received 11.5 TMC water from the irrigation department.The collective storage of dams providing water to the city is 29 TMC. The PMC uses 14.5 TMC every year, while 1.5 TMC water goes to industries and towns, including Daund and Indapur. Around 2 TMC water is lost to vaporisation annually and the remaining water is released for irrigation to Daund, Indapur and Haveli talukas of Pune district and some parts of Solapur in three phases every year, for kharif, rabi and summer crops.When TOI contacted municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak, he said, \"The civic administration will follow due process in signing the contract. \"Earlier, the standing committee and the GB had given the go-ahead to sign a contract,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258554", "title": "Qualified teachers, crowded classes", "text": "PANAJI: At over 97%, Goa has one of the highest percentages of professionally-trained teachers in the country. But the state also has some of the most crowded classrooms nationally posing unique challenges to an educator.Managing over 50 students at a time, catching up with the syllabus, attending to non-teaching assignments and keeping pace with the ever-changing government policies can make teaching a superhuman task.In Goa, 38.48% primary schools are single teacher schools, as against the national average of 11.80%, most of these institutions have 15 or more students. In these schools, one teacher has to tackle and instruct students from Class I to IV singlehandedly.\"I have to sweep the classrooms and attend to administrative work as well because we do not have a headmaster or head teacher to respond to government and other correspondence,\" a teacher from a government primary school on the outskirts of Mapusa, said.Around 40% students in Goa study in schools where one teacher attends to a class of more than 30 students.\"When the ratio recommended by the Right to Education Act is one teacher per 30 students, we are dealing with 50 plus students in each of our class. This makes it very difficult to communicate with students. While some parents are illiterate, the educated ones are too busy with their jobs, as such in both cases they heavily depend on teachers to mould the child,\" a teacher from an aided school in Bicholim said.To add to the woes, Goa is among states that allot teachers the most for non-teaching assignments like election duty, census work and other government projects. While nationally only 10% teachers were assigned non-teaching assignments in 2010-11, Goa used over 33% of its teachers for non-teaching assignments for an average of 17 days during the academic year.\"Being assigned non-teaching assignments affects the results in class. The policy of no detention till Class VIII and no corporal punishment in schools is good but indiscipline is on the rise. It becomes difficult to control students as they are sure of being promoted to the next class, irrespective of performance,\" Pradosh Salkar, Goa secondary school teacher's association said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258395", "title": "Regulatory panel raps UP Power Corporation on purchase of transformers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission on Tuesday slapped a notice on UP Power Corporation (UPPCL) for not divulging crucial details pertaining to procurement of transformers and their damage rate during the peak summer season. The move comes in the wake of UPPCL not submitting details of faulty transformers with the commission despite two reminders.While issuing the notice under section 142 that also imposes fine of up to Rs one lakh on the corporation, the commission asked the representatives of corporation to appear in person before the commission by September 12.The commission, in its letter dated August 13, had sought details from UPPCL under three heads - the total number of transformers procured during financial year 2010-11 and 2011-12; how many transformers failed or got damaged during the corresponding period, and the total numbers of transformers that failed during their guarantee period during corresponding period. The commission had given UPPCL a 15-day period to come up with the details. However, the corporation did not respond. The commission once again sent a notice giving corporation another three days time. The corporation did not budge. This repeated defiance of corporation not only left the commission completely embarrassed but it also flew on the face of the Akhilesh Yadav government which has been claiming of taking action against the companies which supplied faulty transformers to the state.Informed sources in UPERC said the commission called a meeting to decide as to how and when the notice under section 142 would be issued to the different distribution companies of UPPCL which did not respond to the commission orders. UPERC chairman, Rajesh Awasthi confirmed that the notice has been issued.The notice may, though, only count as nothing more than just another procedural formality in a government set-up. But, it has certainly exposed the rot underlying the procurement of transformers and power equipments by the UPPCL. The lone report from Kanpur Electricity Supply Company (Kesco), significantly, happens to be an eye opener - the city recorded a transformer damage rate which, in some of the companies, went to the level of 18%. According to the rule book, the damage rate should be restricted up to 5% and that too within the guarantee period.The issue had grown contentious after the commission refused to be the part of the committee to look into proceedings initiated against the transformer supplying companies, some of them believed to be highly influential. How else one may explain of UPPCL dragging its feet on taking action, despite UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav asking the UPPCL authorities to get the erring companies blacklisted.While involvement of a senior SP leader in getting along with the powerful transformer suppliers lobby had been widely and strongly speculated, UPPCL sources said that the corporation is treading cautiously also because of the fact that one of the company happens to be owned by the kin of a senior IAS officer.\"There had been various instances in which the commission directives were ignored in the previous regime. The trend appears to continue,\" remarked a senior functionary in the commission on the condition of anonymity. The commission, for instance, had been seeking an audit report from the corporation for many months. The report happens to be crucial as it gives an idea of the purchase made by UPPCL dispensation of various power equipments, which at times, had been challenged by various pressure groups. The discoms, in this case too, are yet to comply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16257516", "title": "Second pilgrimage to Ajmer Sharif", "text": "BHOPAL: After the first pilgrimage train under the Mukhya Mantri Teerth Darshan Yojana chugged off with nearly a thousand elderly Hindus to Rameshwaram on Monday evening, the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh has decided to send the second train under the scheme to Ajmer Sharif on September 13.An official release said the government will send a total 977 elderly pilgrims from Bhopal, Hoshangabad and Ujjain divisions for the journey to Ajmer Sharif.Later, 19 more trains will leave from various district and divisional headquarters between September 20 and 31 to take senior citizens to various places of pilgrimage.Train to Ajmer Sharif will leave from Habibganj station in Bhopal on Thursday, September 13 and will halt at Ujjain and Ratlam stations. On its return from Ajmer Sharif, the train will also halt at Ratlam and Ujjain stations. Pilgrims from Bhopal and Hoshangabad divisions will board the train from Habibganj while arrangements for boarding of Ujjain division pilgrims will be made by the Ujjain divisional commissioner at Ujjain or Ratlam railway stations.Applications of the pilgrims for Ajmer Sharif journey will be retained even if they are not selected for this round of pilgrimage. They will not have to apply again and will be sent on the next pilgrimage train to Ajmer Sharif, the government said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262156", "title": "Kaushik Ganguly's tribute to his teachers", "text": "It couldn't have been a better day to announce director Kaushik Ganguly's new film, C/o Sir, which talks about teacher-student relationship. A romantic thriller, the film stars Saswata Chatterjee, Raima Sen, Indraneil Sengupta, Churni Ganguly, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty in prominent roles.The music is scored by Raja Narayan Deb, while Sirsha Roy has been roped in as the DoP. The major portions of the film will be shot in Kurseong and Kalimpong and the shooting starts from September 20.The character of a blind professor played by Saswata Chatterjee in the film was previously offered to Prosenjit Chatterjee, we heard. When quizzed about it, Kaushik explained, \"I had been planning to direct this film for a very long time. I did approach Bumbada for this role, a long time ago, but somehow or the other it got delayed. And since then the entire script, actors and setup have seen an overhaul.\" Kaushik further added, \"I always pen the final draft of my film after having finalized the actors. C/o Sir is in a way a tribute to all my teachers.\"Set in the backdrop of a boys' school in the British era, the plot revolves around Jayabrata Ray (Saswata), a teacher who is committed to his profession and has unfortunately lost his eyesight due to an acute retina infection. Jayabrata somehow gets embroiled in a property dispute and the story takes a spin from there. Jayabrata now looks for a trustworthy pair of eyes \u2014 someone sans any vested interest, who can guide him through the whole process and help him fight the legal battle. \"For a blind man, Jayabrata's only weapon to survive is his power of hearing. And it is his constant struggle, his dilemma and his blindness which add extra dimensions to the story. The conflict between the unseen and the reality is what the film focuses on. There is also a romantic angle between Raima Sen and Saswata that the film dwells on. Raima plays a solicitor, assistant to Saswata's childhood friend essayed by Indraneil,\" informed Kaushik, for whom this is going to be a first attempt at handling a thriller.Churni, on the other hand, will be seen as Saswata's colleague, who is otherwise a difficult person to deal with, but apparently comes across as Saswata's well-wisher. Sabyasachi plays a strict headmaster who can go to any extent for the welfare of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16257844", "title": "Tech varsity issues list of doctoral research centres", "text": "NOIDA: MTU has announced the list of 16 doctoral research centres that have been created in various affiliated colleges with the university. Students can choose any centre and conduct research accordingly on the subject of their preference.The university's PhD entrance committee chairman, SN Dubey, said that these centres will aim to provide the students specialized guidance required for their research. It will also become a centre of cutting-edge research work that will eventually change the way technology is perceived. \"There are 7 such research centres in colleges in Ghaziabad, while another four are in Meerut and one each in Noida and Greater Noida. These centres will provide for the specialized needs of PhD students and the faculty will also be designed in such a way,\" Dubey said.Officials added that students will be able to do their doctoral thesis in pharmacy, computer science, mechanical engineering and management within the doctoral research centres. tnnMayawati government had bifurcated the Uttar Pradesh Technical University ( UPTU) last year and constituted Mahamaya Technical University, Noida and Gautam Budh Technical University, Lucknow. While MTU caters to western UP comprising of Saharanpur, Meerut, Moradabad, Agra, and Aligarh divisons, the GBTU caters to eastern and central UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259480", "title": "Karnataka terror module: Cops yet to piece the big picture", "text": "BANGALORE: Has the probe into the terror modules busted in the state last week been able to unravel the big picture? Not yet, going by divergent claims of central and state investigative agencies.State police officers privy to the progress of the probe reiterated on Tuesday they still don't have anything to conclusively establish the suspects were into something spectacular . They asserted that the 14 terror suspects were only into target killings and had no larger plan to blast any prominent sites.\"Until now, we're sure the suspects had decided to target prominent political and media personalities. Until we get to know of their other designs of spreading terror, how can we come to any conclusion?\" one investigating officer said.Union home secretary officials have gone on record stating that the suspects were planning to target Kaiga nuclear plant and Karwar naval base and had even conducted recces there. State home ministry sources, too, had said there would have been a catastrophe had not the city police busted the two terror modules last week. One media report said another target was the Sringeri Sharada Peetam at Sringeri in Chikmagalur district, prompting city police chief BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji to step in and advise caution.At a hurriedly convened interaction between Mirji and the media on Monday, there were enough hints that police were yet to tread upon anything spectacular. \"We cannot go on surmising like the media. We must have concrete evidence. You cannot take the words of lower-level officers at face value. It can only derail our investigation,\" he said.\"We have been probing deep into the conspiracy and will come out with strong evidence . Please don't jump to any conclusion now,\" Mirji said. \"These suspects were working towards their set goals of eliminating some personalities. Only time will tell whether there were other modules aiming at other targets.\"He admitted that till now, they had no details of other similar modules working towards attacking vital defence installations or religious establishments. \"As far as we are concerned , these men haven't disclosed anything more than what they wanted to. Please note that we have not seized any explosives, except two guns, which are enough to kill individual targets and nothing more,\" the officer observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16259129", "title": "Solar mobile chargers for Kendrapada", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The Centre has provided 80 solar mobile charging facilities to 15,000 people living in 20 seaside villages of Kendrapada district. Union ministry for communications and information technology implemented the project in collaboration with Energy and Resources Institute (TERI).A local woman has been trained to take care of the daily activities at the charging station under \"lighting a billion lives project\" of the Centre. \"The project is not just about alternate energy, but also about empowering the underpowered through solar power ,\" said Biraja Pati, president of Nature's Club, a organization that is training villagers to operate the solar mobile charging stations. The Centre had signed an agreement with TERI two years ago to provide Solar Photo Voltaic Based Mobile Phone Charging Facilities in 5,000 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16259729", "title": "Suspend Srirangam headmaster, say teachers", "text": "TRICHY: On the eve of Teachers' Day, the chorus for suspending a Srirangam government school headmaster is fast gaining strength. The headmaster Rajendran (55), of the Srirangam Renganathar Middle School was alleged to have been caught in a compromising position with one of the teachers as well as having indulged in influencing unsuspecting students to nurse him.There are about 12 teachers and 240 students in the school and the teachers have collectively complained to school education minister N R Sivapathy, who incidentally hails from the district. The teachers who did not want to be named said that the headmaster's room was secluded from the rest with a curtain and he would invite select students studying in the sixth to eighth standard to his space and tell them to nurse him by applying a relief balm on him.The deputy director of school education, Senguttuvan from Chennai, along with the local district elementary education Santhakumari, visited the school and held enquiries with the students and teachers separately. The teachers poured their complaints out to the visiting team of education officials and a statement was recorded. A suspension is also understood to have been recommended.Chief Education Officer K Selvakumar told TOI that, \"It has been established that the allegations are true, and appropriate action will be taken by the director of school education in Chennai.\" Meanwhile, the deputy director of school education submitted the enquiry details to the director of school education on Tuesday, and a decision is pending on the matter.As the incident broke out a couple of days before Teacher's Day, local people were outraged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258919", "title": "Cong promises free laptop to UG and PG students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After affordable houses, free plots, cheap medical treatment, the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) announced on Tuesday that it will distribute free laptop to students after they clear standard XII examination. The Congress announced that if voted to power it will take the educational level in schools and colleges of Gujarat to world-class standard.Congress leaders said if the party comes to power, it will ensure that there will be at least one English teacher in each and every government school.Congress also promised student special buses during school-college timings. GPCC president Arjun Modhwadia along with election campaign committee chairman Shankersinh Vaghela declared a six-point agenda under Gujarat Praja Vikas Darshan-2012.Announcing a slew of promises, Modhwadia said laptops will be given to all students studying in undergraduate (UG) and postgraduate (PG) courses. This decision will enable students to compete globally by keeping them equipped with knowledge information technology. In all, there are about 8 lakh students in the UG and PG courses.The party has also promised government-run boys and girls hostels in urban areas, sports complexes at taluka level, no sanction for school without playground and library, constitution of a special Vidya Nidhi for scholarship to poor and middle class students studying in self-financed colleges, a university for students in tribal areas to ensure that higher education opportunities reach their doorstep among others.To woo the youths, Congress announced that it would restart election for the schools and college unions. It was BJP government which had banned election in schools and colleges, following incidents of campus violence. The party also promised full salaries to teachers of the private education institutes. Modhwadia said Congress will bring an act for payment of full salaries to these teachers.Modhwadia said during the BJP rule, self-financed institutes charged exorbitant fees to students from middle class. In order to provide succour to such students, a special \"Vidya Nidhi\" will be constituted for them. Fees of 30 per cent of poor and middle class students studying in self-financed colleges will be paid from this Vidya Nidhi.Modhwadia said that industrial training institutes will be modernized and manpower trained and skill development corporation will be established on the pattern of National Skill Development Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258130", "title": "ISI reviving Sikh militant groups", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani intelligence agency ISI is infusing fresh life into various Sikh terrorist groups, including Babbar Khalsa International (BKI).The government told Lok Sabha on Tuesday that ISI has been providing patronage and assistance to these groups to revive militancy in Punjab.\"Available inputs indicate the patronage and assistance provided by Pakistan's ISI to leaders of various Sikh terrorist groups, including BKI, based in Pakistan,\" minister of state for home Jitendra Singh said today.He said interrogation of arrested Sikh militants revealed that short term modules are being run in Pakistan for training gullible Sikh youth from India and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258608", "title": "Monday\u2019s carnage well-planned, say cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday's killing spree that left six people dead in Delhi and Ghaziabad may have started in the early hours of the day with a planned murder, police say. A day after 24-year-old Ravi murdered four relatives and an unrelated woman before committing suicide, investigations showed he had shot his cousin Navin at least nine hours before killing Renu, the latter's wife, and her landlady Sheila at 9.10am.\"Although it's early to speculate, we have found that Renu stayed with Ravi in the room after he shot Navin in the head. We cannot rule out the possibility of Renu conspiring in her husband's murder. Her objecting to Ravi's wish to marry her 17-year-old sister Baby might have triggered his subsequent killing spree,'' said an officer.Police said the carnage was well -planned. \"He had arranged two weapons, one of them a pistol with several rounds of ammunition. He changed three vehicles in an attempt to reach Ghaziabad undetected,\" said the officer, adding Ravi first drove a Santro (DL4CJ 4970) to his house in Rajapuri near Dabri, then rode his bike to Mayapuri, and finally borrowed a friend's bike to reach Ghaziabad. With all the main characters in this tragedy dead, police are finding it difficult to piece together the story.Ravi, whose family is from a village near Sihani Gate area in Ghaziabad, had briefly worked as a taxi driver. The eldest of three sons, he stayed with his blind parents in the Vishwas Park of Delhi. Kripal Singh, Ravi's father, is a government employee.Ravi's family said he was an attention seeker. \"We tried to separate him from Renu, as we are all related and Navin frequently fought with her on this issue. But Renu came to us, and the two patched up. Renu turned Ravi's mind off work,'' said Kripal.While Kripal tried to rationalize his son's violence, Sunita, mother of Renu and Baby, cut a lonely figure. She lost her husband Harendra (55) and two daughters, and survived a volley of bullets directed at her. She said her son Arun had killed himself in 2010, upset over his sisters Ritu and Renu marrying in the same family. \"I have lost everybody,'' said Sunita.Ghaziabad police have registered a case against Ravi under various sections of IPC and are trying to establish the circumstances of the case. SP (rural) Jagdish Sharma said, \"Investigation suggests Ravi was not a psychopathic killer but was provoked into killing by circumstances, for we have not found any criminal background\".Sharma said it was a case of extramarital relations, and Ravi and Navin had often been in heated arguments and fights on this issue. Police are trying to find out how Ravi got the firearms.The case has once again raised concerns about lax policing in the NCR, as a heavily armed Ravi was able to travel 70km without being checked even after committing three murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257270", "title": "Singing competition held", "text": "INDORE: Thirteenth Anuvrat Naitik Geet Gayan competition was conducted under the aegis of New Delhi-based Akhil Bharatiya Anuvrat Nyas at Kothari College of Management, Science and Technology here.The results of the competition would be declared on September 13. Seventeen schools had participated from Indore district including Emerald Heights, Vidhya Vijay Bal Mandir, St Joseph, Advanced Academy, Sarafa Vidhya Niketan, Millennium School, Karnataka Vidhya Niketan, IBSS Vidhya Niketan, New Era Public School, Choithram Foundation School, Saraswati Vidhya Sagar School, Swami Pritam Das Govind Ram School, Indus World and New Pink Flower.The results of the competition would be declared on September 13 and on the same day the second round will also be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16258859", "title": "Rain leads to heavy losses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The downpour on Monday saw Rs 316 crore used for building the swanky international terminal at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport in the city go down the drain. As the arrival area of the terminal, which was inspired by Singapore's Changi Airport, was inundated with water.Of the many passengers landing at international flights was Rajya Sabha MP Parimal Nathwani. \"I was shocked to see the airport in such a condition. I will take up the issue at the highest level,\" said Nathwani, who is also a member of consultative committee, Union ministry of civil aviation.Airport officials said that water gushed inside the terminal after a rainwater pipeline burst. \"A rainwater pipeline at the international airport cracked on Monday due to which water entered the terminal. We were able to repair the pipeline and water was cleared in less than three hours and no flight operations were affected,\" said Ahmedabad airport director R K Singh. He added that there are no structural issues with the building.However, this isn't the first time that the glitzy terminal has seen waterlogging during monsoons. In 2010, the terminal had to shut down due to heavy waterlogging in departure area. The Airport Authority of India ( AAI) had then said that waterlogging was due to problem with Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's drainage network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16258650", "title": "Job aspirant protester shifted to Goa Medical College", "text": "Abdul Muzawar, 21, from Bicholim, who was among the job aspirants on a hunger strike at Azad Maidan, Panaji , had to be shifted to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, after his pressure dropped. Sources said that Muzawar, who had been offered a job by the department of animal husbandry, began feeling giddy and an ambulance had to be called. He was rushed to GMC where he is admitted and kept under observation.Restricted water supply to Bicholim, Chorao: There will be restricted water supply September 6 and 7 to the consumers of Bicholim and Chorao due to urgent maintenance work at Podocem. Consumers are requested to call on 2362300 if there is need of water to be supplied by a tanker.Road safety meeting at Margao: With an aim of bringing in road safety awareness among the general public, the transport department held a public meet as part of its road safety week on Tuesday at Multipurpose School, Gogol, Margao. Arun Desai, director, transport department, addressed the audience. Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257923", "title": "\u2018Colleges create hurdles in students getting fee-waiver\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government's schemes to reimburse education costs of first generation college-goers from poor families and SC/ST students is being undermined by educational institutions, two PILs filed in the Madras high court said.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before whom the PILs filed by D Sherin Asha of service organization Velicham came for hearing, issued notices to the state government and several educational institutions.In the first petition, Asha said that the government came out with an order on April 16, 2010 providing for reimbursement of education costs of a college student if he hails from a family which has never had a graduate. It implied that his tuition fees would be borne by the government, which would make the payment to the educational institution concerned.Asha pointed out that the order whittled down the government's intention by stating that the entire amount would not be reimbursed and said the fee was not being paid during admission. While colleges insist on the full payment of the fee at the time of admission, the government pays the sum only later. This delay results in several beneficiaries failing to avail themselves of the scheme, she said. She wanted the court to direct the authorities to pay the sum at the time of admission itself or direct the institutions to admit students without insisting on full payment initially.In the second PIL, Asha named seven students, who had to pay a fee from Rs 30,000 to Rs 3.36 lakh for their engineering and medical courses. Though these students are eligible for reimbursements, they are unable to join the courses because the institutions said that they would be allowed only upon payment of full amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257775", "title": "Prasar Bharti to take TAM to CCI for dubious data", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prasar Bharati will approach Competition Commission of India against Television Audience Measurement (TAM) agency, citing monopolistic practices and inaccurate representation of data on Doordarshan's coverage.The case is likely to be filed within a week. This decision comes together with to the I&B; ministry asking advertising and broadcasting associations to fast-track the effective functioning of the Broadcast Audience Measurement Council's (BARC). Speaking to TOI, Prasar Bharati CEO Jawhar Sircar said, \"We have decided to go to the Competition Commission as advised by our legal team. We are seeking a few more clearances on the issue.\"BARC was set up as an independent audience measurement agency\u2014based on the recommendations of the Amit Mitra committee-- keeping in view the deficiencies in the viewership measurement system. However, it has remained largely on paper since 2011.In a meeting held on Tuesday, I&B; secretary U K Varma asked representatives of the broadcast and advertising association to set up the technical and the high level committee within a week. While government-run DAVP will be a member of the technical committee, Prasar Bharati will be represented in BARC's high level committee.Speaking after the meeting Varma said, \"We would like TAM to improve their system and BARC to establish a credible alternative system that will benefit the industry and provide fair and transparent viewership ratings.\" Sources said that members of the Indian Broadcasting Foundation, Advertising Agencies Association of India (AAAI) and Indian Society of Advertisers cited lack of resources in establishing a credible system of data collection of television rating points (TRP).Ministry sources said that the government was keen to get BARC functional and would be closely reviewing its progress. The recent lawsuit filed by broadcaster NDTV against TAM accusing it of publishing inaccurate data on the channel's viewership has proved to be a catalyst in the matter. There have been a series of allegations and counter-allegations between the two organizations.On its part, the government has written to TAM\u2014a joint partnership between Nielsen and Kantar Media-- and its international partner Nielsen asking for a report on the measures taken to improve the ratings system by increasing coverage and third party audit. The ministry has also asked broadcast regulator TRAI to recommend guidelines that will set the benchmark for other rating agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16256628", "title": "Most victims have spinal, head injuries, say doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirty-year-old Shankar Sawai landed in Mumbai just a fortnight ago from Kolkata and found a job as a labourer in the Metro project. On Tuesday, he was in Cooper Hospital after he fell from the top of the collapsing concrete slab and landed on a pile of concrete.Sawai was one of the 16 labourers injured in Tuesday's Metro project mishap. Lying in the hospital's orthopaedic ward with injuries to his back and waist, he recollected how his family had warned him against coming to Mumbai. \"I chose this city to earn a better living for my family,\" he said. Kallu Bahanu (50) came to the city from Madhya Pradesh just a month back and got a job as a labourer in the project. He was rushed to the SevenHills Hospital in Marol with back injuries after falling from one of the makeshift structures at the construction site.Umesh Sahu (35), who succumbed to injuries before reaching the hospital, was crushed by the slab and died on the spot. A doctor from SevenHills who saw the body said, \"It was completely cemented\". His body was to be taken to Cooper Hospital for post mortem.Sixteen injured labourers from the Metro mishap site were rushed to three different hospitals on Tuesday evening by locals. The incident left three critical of which two would require immediate surgeries. Six were taken to SevenHills hospital in Marol, five to Paramount General Hospital in Saki Naka and another five to the civic-run Cooper Hospital in Vile Parle.\"All labourers, mostly between 20-50 years old, have sustained abdominal and head injuries,\" said Dr Sagar Galwankar, head of emergency medicine at SevenHills hospital. He said the injured were brought in within the golden hour. Another hospital source said one of the patients sustained a spinal injury and could suffer from limb paralysis. All three critical patients are admitted to the trauma care unit of SevenHills Hospital where two are likely to be operated for spine injury, while others would be treated for minor fractures and sprains.A doctor from Paramount General Hospital said two patients were admitted to the general ward and three were in the ICU. \"One of those in the ICU suffered a pelvic fracture,\" the doctor said.However, all five injured taken to Cooper Hospital were stable. Superintendent Dr Shashikant Wadekar said, \"The injured have sustained soft tissue injuries and minor fractures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259094", "title": "No carpools, office buses on Sept 12", "text": "KOLKATA: Contract carriage operators and luxury taxi-owners are planning to go on strike against the government's policy to increase road tax and phase out 15-year-old commercial vehicles. While West Bengal Contract Carriage Owners' &amp; Operators' Association has called for a token strike on September 12, Luxury Taxi Association (West Bengal) is going for an indefinite strike beginning September 20 if the state government does not withdraw the order.On September 12, over 3,000 school and office buses will remain off the roads as a result of the token strike called by the association of contract carriages in demand of a year's time to fully replace 15-year-old vehicles.\"Our vehicles are well-maintained. It is impossible to replace all our vehicles so soon as our vehicles are always busy. We have written to the state transport minister requesting him to grant some time,\" said Himadri Ganguly, the general secretary of the association.The association has also requested for state intervention against private carpools operating in the city without permit. The strike is going to affect around 150 schools in the city and its suburbs. \"If the transport minister do not take any action, we will got to the chief minister,\" said Ganguly.On the other hand, over 16,000 luxury taxis will take part in the indefinite strike from September 20. Out of these, 9,500 cars are hired by the government. According to association president Saikat Pal, road tax has increased from Rs 4400 to Rs 8800 from September 3. \"This is a huge burden on us, and the government has not made anything clear to us. We have no other option,\" he said.According to luxury taxi operators, there have been several rounds of discussion with the state government authorities on the issue prior to September 3, but these were not taken into consideration during the decision taken by the government, they rued. \"We have been compelled to take the decision to withdraw service indefinitely,\" Pal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259359", "title": "Panjab University election: Slogans reach a crescendo", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The poll slogans have risen to a crescendo as the elections are barely three days away.The electrifying buzz that elections are generating has city college students stirring. At the Post-graduate Government College, Sector 11, campaigning is in full swing and enthusiasm is palpable. Gurpreet Singh, a BSc-II student, said, \"The students are really excited and you can see the craze all around. All parties are busy campaigning.\"As most of the students are bunking lectures \u2014 the college canteens are bustling with excitement and lawns are bursting with supporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259071", "title": "Varsities' appraisal to hold key to PG admissions", "text": "KOLKATA: Common Entrance Test (CET) won't be the only criteria for admissions to the post graduation courses in state universities from 2013. The government will relent to the demand of the varsities to allot a certain weightage to the internal assessment, apart from the CET scores.\"CET is being conceived on the lines of GATE - the entrance examinations for M Tech courses. - CET is being conceived,\" said vice chairperson of West Bengal Higher Education Council, Abhijeet Chakraborty.He also said: \"The universities will have to consider the performance at CET and they should add the score in their own assessment for preparing the merit list. The government will decide what percentage of weightage is to be given to CET and the university's internal assessment. The government will, however, not interfere in the method of assessment, on which the universities will take a call.\"The varsities may choose to hold another written test, ask the candidates to appear for interviews or hold a personality test to make the final selection. The universities will have no reservation for their own students studying in colleges affiliated to them from next year onwards, also. All post graduation seats will be filled after considering a combined score of CET and the university's internal assessment.Presidency University mentor group, in its third set of recommendations, had suggested giving some autonomy to the universities to make the final selection. \"Too much of centralization in the admissions may spell a doom,\" chairman of the mentor group and a council member Sugata Bose had said on Saturday. after the meeting last Saturday.At a meeting of registrars and deans, which was convened by the higher education council, it has been decided to implement a common academic calender from August 2013. \"All universities will complete their part III examinations between March 15 and May 15. The results will be published by June 30. CET will be held in the first week of July and admissions will be completed by the end of July. Classes in post graduation will begin from August,\" said Chakraborty. If the academic calender is uniform, then each semester will have 90 days to complete the syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16259230", "title": "SC seeks papers of judge demotion from HC", "text": "CUTTACK: The Supreme Court has called for the documents from the Orissa high court in connection with the case relating to the demotion of former high court judge L K Mishra.A division bench of Justices Dipak Misra and K S Radhakrishnan gave the direction on Monday, in response to a petition filed by the former judge challenging his demotion.\"The apex court has directed the counsel to submit records from Orissa high court relating to Mishra's demotion. The next hearing of the case is on September 26,\" Prasant Kishore Ray, Mishra's counsel, said.Mishra was reverted to his parent cadre of a district judge in 2010 by the full bench of Orissa high court after completion of two years as an additional judge of the Orissa high court. He was appointed as the Kalahandi district judge in January 2010.But when he refused to go back to his parent cadre, he was given compulsory retirement in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257949", "title": "Wanted criminal nabbed in Haryana", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man on Delhi Police's \"top 10 desperate criminals\" list was arrested from Bahadurgarh, Haryana, on Monday evening. Pawan Pandit (26), who is allegedly involved in more than 15 cases of murder, robbery, extortion and carjacking in Delhi and Haryana, carried a reward of Rs one lakh on his head.Pawan and his associates mainly targeted businessmen in outer and southwest Delhi. \"He has been evading arrest for more than a year,\" said Sanjeev Yadav, deputy commissioner of police (Special Cell). Pandit was born in Bawana and studied at Kanjhawala and Sonipat. After his schooling, he fell in bad company and took to crime. Later, he formed a gang of inter-state criminals. In 2007, he was arrested in Hisar for allegedly harbouring criminals wanted in Haryana.The Special Cell began to track Pandit after Sanjay Rathi - also in the top 10 list - was arrested from Bawana in July. He had allegedly gone to the area to kill Rajender Singh, a person with whom he had a property dispute two months ago. \"We had information that Pandit would visit Bawana to murder Singh since his aide Rathi failed to do so,\" said a police officer. The duo had spread a reign of terror in outer Delhi and Haryana, specially among businessmen.Last year, Pandit had murdered a man called Pradeep as he was the prime witness in a case against Sarwan, a gangster. Cops believe the arrest will help prevent heinous crimes in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257404", "title": "Speedsters out of traffic cops\u2019 limits", "text": "INDORE: The traffic department is out on the roads in full force since two days taking action against traffic rule violators. However, it is just catching small fishes instead of sharks and whales. They are blatantly neglecting reckless drivers who are the major cause of road accidents.Statistics say that 10% of the deaths on the city street are due to reasons like violating the lane, jumping signals etc while 90% of the deaths are attributed to over speeding. In 2011, around 689 people died in the city due to road accidents, out of which 542 people were killed on the spot. In 2010, around 433 people died in road accidents, out which 392 were crushed to death on the spot.Even traffic experts strongly agree. \"On the spot deaths in road accidents are mainly because of over speeding. It is one the major challenges for traffic regulators in Indore,\" said Praful Joshi of Save Life Cycle, an NGO working for traffic management and road accidents.In its drive against traffic rules violators, the traffic department has collected a fine of over Rs 3 lakh by slapping challans for jumping red lights, stopping vehicles crossing the stop lines at squares, driving on the wrong lane, tripling on two-wheelers and using dark films on window glasses. However, the number of people challaned for over speeding is negligible. ASP Traffic, Anjani Tiwari admits that the number of challans for over speeding is not much. \"The number of challans for over speeding is not much, but action is being taken. When an over-speeding vehicle is spotted, the cops on duty immediately alert the police personnel at the next crossing and they jump to action,\" she said.Tiwari said that though the department does not have equipments like speed guns, speed radars and interceptor vehicles to put a tab on over speeding, it has a budget of Rs 1 crore and two interceptor vehicles and few speed radars have already been ordered.On the absence of speed cameras and sensors to detect speeding vehicles on bus roads, she admitted that these equipments are useful and are being used in some metros. But as of now, there are no plans to install the gadgets on city roads, she said.Traffic expert, Joshi stressed that the city has enough basic traffic infrastructure like good road, traffic signals, road marking, etc, but these things can only help in preventing 10% of the deaths on road. Unfortunately, there are no means and efforts to control speed driving. \"The drive may not yield the desired results as the cops are not hitting at the root cause of the problem,\" he said.Joshi said that the number of deaths in road accidents is on the rise mainly on the outskirts of the city. Around 70% of the accidents take place on bypass road and on the outskirts of the city.\"Institutional vehicles contribute around 50% of accidents in the city. Most of the vehicles do not have speed governors. As per the rules, maximum speed limit for two-wheelers in the city is 30 km/hr while for four-wheelers, it is 40km/hr. If we manage to check over speeding and make people follow the prescribed speed limits, hundreds of lives can be saved,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257796", "title": "Moderate rain likely over next two days in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon has been vigorous over Maharashtra in the last 24 hours, resulting in good rainfall across the state, including the city. A sustained spell of light rain led to 5.4 mm rain in the city between 8.30 am on Monday and 5.30 pm on Tuesday. Of this, 1.5 mm rain was recorded on Tuesday.Since June 1, the city has received 335 mm rain, which is still 117.4 mm less than the normal rainfall for the season so far. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast that the prevailing rainfall pattern will continue for the next two days. Moderate rain has been predicted for the next 24 hours and light rain is likely to occur thereafter.\"The rainfall has been good across the state, particularly in the hitherto deficient areas of central Maharashtra and Marathwada regions,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole told TOI on Tuesday. The central Maharashtra region stretches from Jalgaon and Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre. \"The Konkan and Goa region, which includes Mumbai, has reported heavy to very heavy rain at some places and extremely heavy rain at isolated places during this period,\" she said.Khole said, \"Most of this rainfall occurred under the influence of the low pressure area (LPA), which had developed over the Bay of Bengal on Monday and has since moved inwards over Odisha and Chhattisgarh. Similarly, an active offshore trough in the Arabian Sea runs across the south Gujarat coast to the Kerala coast and a cyclonic circulation prevails over Gujarat. There is also a southward tilt at height to the monsoon trough. These systems have resulted in the monsoon trough moving to the south of its normal position, which usually brings rain to central India and peninsular India.\"She said, \"The LPA will move in the northwest direction towards Rajasthan in the next 48 hours, leading to moderate to heavy rainfall over parts of Rajasthan. For now, we expect the rainfall to continue in the state.\"Palghar and Dahanu in the Konkan and Goa region recorded 422 mm and 326 mm rain in the 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Tuesday. Similarly, Ganganbawada and Mahabaleshwar in south central Maharashtra recorded 135 mm and 118 mm rain during this period. Even, Marathwada, which has been reeling under the effects of deficient rain, reported heavy rainfall at isolated places.Apart from Maharashtra, the monsoon has also been vigorous over Gujarat, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, interior Karnataka and Kerala. In Gujarat, Saurashtra and Kutch, which have so far reported scanty rain with deficiency as high as 80% below normal, reported heavy rain at isolated places.The catchment areas of the four dams which supply water to Pune city, also reported fairly good rain in the last 24 hours. Temghar and Varasgaon dams received 44 mm and 46 mm rain respectively, while Panshet recorded 40 mm rain. Khadakwasla recorded 17 mm rain. All these figures as recorded at 6 am on Tuesday by the Pune irrigation circle's flood control cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16262514", "title": "Bangaloreans enjoy food", "text": "It isn't every day that Bangalore's foodies get to catch up over what they like best \u2014 gourmet cuisine.So when The Leela Palace hosted The Food &amp; Wine Showcase recently, the city's top gourmands, restaurateurs, hospitality professionals and corporate icons turned up to talk food and sample the fare on offer at the hotel.The guests \u2014 who included Shivika and Sanjay Singh, Rishad and Anna Minocher, Andrew Hendrian and Kripal Amanna \u2014 were seen enjoying the evening over the five-course sit-down dinner presented by 12 award-winning restaurants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259398", "title": "College president election: Excitement mounts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The buzz around the college student union elections at the Post Graduate Government College for Girls ( PGGCG), Sector 11, only grew louder, after nominations for the post of college president were filed on Monday. Unlike many others colleges, there are no student bodies fighting it out here. The candidates here are contesting as independent candidates.Since news of elections being held in college came a few days ago, there has been great enthusiasm among students, especially so as elections in the college were cancelled last year. The candidates contesting for the post of college president have started campaigning in the college. However use of loudspeakers or putting up of posters on college walls has been prohibited.\"We have been strictly told not to stick posters or use loudspeakers inside the campus. Campaigning in classes and putting up posters on notice boards has been allowed by the college authorities,\" says Priyanka Rana, an MA Sociology third semester student, who is contesting for the post of college president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16258256", "title": "Terror-hub Marathwada has home department worried", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress-NCP government, particularly the home department led by senior NCP leader R R Patil, is concerned about the steady rise in terrorist activists in the backward Marathwada region, particularly Aurangabad, Jalna, Parbhani, Beed and Nanded districts.\"It's a matter of concern for the government. In the recent past, most of the terrorists arrested by law enforcing agencies are from these districts. It's high time that we step up our vigil, otherwise it will be too late,'' a senior IPS official told TOI on Tuesday.It was found that activists of the banned Students Islamic movement of India, Indian Mujahuddin and certain organisations from neighbouring Andhra Pradesh , were focusing on the Marathwada region and were being funded from across the border. In the last one year, more than a dozen persons associated terror activities were detained from Aurangabad, Jalna, Parbhani and Beed, while four persons were arrested from Nanded for their links with blasts in Karnataka. After the arrest of Beed-based Abu Jundal, the mastermind of the worst-ever terror attack on the metropolis on November 26, 2008, the anti-terrorism squad found that most of the persons, who have been detained so far, did visit Pakistan for training or were trained locally by those who had visited the country. \"We are closely watching the situation in Marathwada. We are sure we can break the nexus between members of the banned outfit and their Pakistani counterparts,'' the IPS officer said.On the reasons for the sudden spurt in terror-related activities in Marathwada, the IPS official said, besides poverty and unemployment, largescale financial assistance from an Andhra Pradesh-based political party is one of the reasons for the stepped-up terror activities. \"We are gathering information on the political party in Andhra Pradesh. Once we establish the nexus, we will take legal action,'' he said.The IPS official said, it appears that the state's intelligence network was poor, because of which there was growth of terror activities in Marathwada. The IPS official after the biggest arms haul from Aurangabad in 2006, adequate measures were not taken to halt the terrorist activities in Marathwada. \"We feel that all the sensitive districts in the entire Marathwada region should be thoroughly checked to identify terror links of local people. Unfortunately, no steps were taken, because of which we are now paying a heavy price,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258631", "title": "Congress wants NRI commissioner Wilfred Mesquita sacked", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress on Tuesday demanded that chief minister Manohar Parrikar sack NRI commissioner Wilfred Mesquita as his name has figured in the M L Pendse commission report.Mesquita is also the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) vice president.Congress general secretary Sudip Tamankar said that page 33 of the commission report pointed out that he (Mesquita) was involved in misuse of the position for benefit of the Goa cricket association.The Pendse Commission was appointed to investigate the affairs, especially financial mismanagement and transactions of the Goa cricket association between 1997-2002, and the printing and selling of the two one-day international cricket matches -the infamous April 6, 2001, India v/s Australia ODI match as well as the December 28, 1997, ODI match between India and Sri Lanka.Tamankar said, \"We appeal to Mesquita to leave the post before we start exposing him in a public forum.\"He accused Parrikar for using police and government machinery to take over the GCA by using the Pendse commission report.Tamankar stated that when Parrikar was leader of opposition he attended every agitation taking place in Goa. \"I appeal to Parrikar to come to Azad Maidan and explain to the youth who have been sitting for a hunger strike, what irregularities have been done during their appointments,\" he said.Reacting to the announcement that helmets will be made compulsory from October 2 onwards, Tamankar said, \"If public don't want helmets, then we will support them.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16257966", "title": "Colleges in Mumbai send faculty abroad for exposure", "text": "MUMBAI: Teachers in the city's colleges are increasingly being sent on exchange programmes abroad, thus getting opportunities to both gain and disseminate knowledge. Traditional arts, science and commerce colleges are tying up with foreign universities to make their faculties conversant with the best teaching practices in prevalence.In December and January, three senior faculty members of HR College will be teaching at Kennesaw State University , Atlanta, and Queens College in the City University of New York . \"They will train students at these universities on how to do business in India. The teachers will be exposed to a different classroom setup,\" said HR College principal Indu Shahani.\"Exchange programmes really help both teachers and students at the same time. For example, we had always wondered how simulation techniques can be used in the classroom. But for the last three days, we have an expert training our students as well as teachers in the technique.\"Kamal Jadhav, head, department of English, Jai Hind College, said the college's initiative to send her for a leadership training programme greatly helped her hone skills.Father Frazer Mascarenhas, principal, St Xavier's College, Dhobi Talao, said, \"We managed to induce some quality practices that are followed globally in our teaching and learning processes. Though we do not have joint Ph D programmes with universities abroad, we do encourage teachers to take up research activities jointly. We have students as well as faculty exchange programmes with colleges and universities in the UK and US.\"Following is an example of a practice adopted from colleges abroad: At Xavier's, while framing curricula, teachers of a particular department invite one or two faculty members from another department to get a different perspective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16259321", "title": "Coalaveri: When netadom went mining", "text": "NEW DELHI: Most of the companies against whom FIRs were filed by the CBI on Tuesday have either direct or indirect links with the politically powerful. Sources in CBI and CVC say more cases could be filed soon, naming more companies with political connections.On Tuesday, the CBI named Nav Bharat Power, JLD Yavatmal, JAS Infrastructure and AMR Iron and Steel among the firms accused of cheating and suppressing facts to get blocks. Nav Bharat was started by two individuals from Andhra Pradesh and sold to Essar, CBI says, for a staggering profit. Essar, charged in the 2G scam , bought Nav Bharat as a subsidiary of Essar Power, which in turn is a subsidiary of Essar Energy Plc.Of the other four companies , JLD Yavatmal and JAS Infrastructure are associated with Congress MP and publishing baron Vijay Darda. While JLD Yavatmal is reportedly named after his father, he had a minority stake in JAS Infrastructure, where his business partner was Manoj Jayaswal. Darda has denied he used his influence to help these companies. The CBI FIR names Darda.Jayaswal and associates have over 20 coal blocks. The Abhijeet group's promoter is said to have regularly hosted senior Congress and BJP leaders at his home and functions like his children's weddings.Vaibhav Tulsyan, a businessman who started Vini Iron and Steel Udyog, too was raided. He said he had sold the company to an associate of Madhu Koda, former Jharkhand CM, now in jail for corruption.\"Because of Naxal problem we couldn't run the company . When Vijay Joshi, a close Koda aide approached us with a good offer, we sold the company to him. At the time of coal block allocation, the company was with Joshi,\" Tulsyan told a news agency. Filings with the corporate affairs ministry say by 2011, Vijay Joshi was holding over 97% of company shares.Recently, it emerged that union minister Subodh Kant Sahai in 2008 recommended to the PMO a coal block for a company in which his brother was director.Private unlimitedSnapshot of the five companies CBI filed charges againstNAV BHARAT POWER (Hyderabad) * Sold to Essar in 2010 * Promoter of Nav Bharat Prasad Brothers * Got coal blocks in Rampia and Dip-side Rampia in Orissa * Directors: P Trivikrama Prasad, YHC PrasadVINI IRON AND STEEL UDYOG (Kolkata) * Sold to Vijay Joshi, close aide of Madhu Koda * Accused named by CBI promoter Vaibhav Tulsyan * Got coal blocks in Rajhara North in Jharkhand * Directors: Sanjeev Tulsyan, Prashant Tulsyan, Vaibhav Tulsyan, Nisha Tulsyan, Vimal Tulsyan, Nirmala Tulsyan, Hemant Kr Agarwal, Navin TulsyanJLD YAVATMAL ENERGY (Nagpur) * Got coal block in Fatehpur East in Chhattisgarh * Promoted by Jayaswal Group, close aides of MP Vijay Darda * Directors: Vijay Darda, Rajendra Darda, Devendra Darda, Manoj Jayaswal, Anand Jayaswal, Abhishek JayaswalJAS INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL (Nagpur) * Got coal block in Matihagarhi in Jharkhand * Promoted by Jayaswal Group, aides of MP Vijay Darda * Directors: Manoj Jayaswal, Abhishek Jayaswal, Anand JayaswalAMR IRON AND STEEL (Nagpur) * Got Bander coal block in Maharashtra * Promoted by Jayaswal Group, aides of MP Vijay Darda * Directors: Arvind Jayaswal, Manoj Jayaswal, Ramesh Jayaswal, Devendra Darda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16258749", "title": "Lion found dead in Amreli", "text": "RAJKOT: A two-and-a-half-year-old lion was found dead near the gauchar land in Ambardi village of Amreli district on Monday night. The postmortem analysis reveals that the animal died after being electrocuted.Sources said some of the linemen of Paschim Gujarat Vij Company Ltd, who had gone to repair the power supply line near the village experienced a stench. This led them to discover the carcass of the lion. They immediately informed the village sarpanch, who in turn told the forest department officials.\"Our team reached the spot and took custody of the animal,\" deputy conservator of forests at Dhari division Anshuman Sharma said.It is being assumed that the lion may have come in contact with the power supply line and got electrocuted. The supply line was found broken at the spot. Heavy rains on Monday evening had led to the disruption of power supply in several parts of the district.However, the forest department officials are also looking into the possibility of farmers having erected an electric fence to ward off the wild animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16257910", "title": "Central team visits Rajasthan to assess crop damage due to deficit rain", "text": "JAISALMER: A high-level team from the Centre visited rural areas of Jaisalmer district on Tuesday to take stock of the drought situation. The Central team will visit five districts of the state to take information on the crop losses due to deficit rainfall. Before arriving at Jaisalmer, team visited Jodhpur.U K Singh, joint secretary at the Union agriculture ministry, water works ministry advisor Sudhir Saxena, director (agriculture, foodgrain) J P Singh, director (animal husbandry) Harbansh Singh and additional secretary (rural development) R R Meena comprise the team which visited the state.During their visit, the officials interacted with farmers, district officials and public representatives to take their feedback on the situation. \"The officials went to Baramsar, Pohda Kathaudi village and spoke to farmers over the medical facility provided to their cattle, their drinking water management and livelihood. They also asked them about the damages due to no rainfall,\" an official said. The team members even collected samples of the plants and crop for technical analysis with agriculture scientists and experts.Later, Barmer district collector Shuchi Tyagi gave a detailed presentation on the rainfall in the district and informed about its effect on agriculture, animal husbandry and public life among others. After their visit here, the team left for Barmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16260045", "title": "London Metropolitan University to drag UK govt to court over licence row", "text": "LONDON: London Metropolitan University has initiated legal action \"as a matter of urgency\" against the British government to overturn a decision to revoke its licence to sponsor international students . Its vice-chancellor , Malcolm Gillies, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Tuesday : \"My university is going to seek for this revocation to be stayed ...because our analysis with leading immigration lawyers demonstrates that this report of the UKBA ( United Kingdom Border Agency ) is wrong.\"Gillies explained the withdrawal of licence \"is based on a highly-flawed report by the UKBA\" . He added: \"The University will continue to give top priority to the interests of our international students who have been so distressed by this precipitate action.\"The UKBA said the decision to revoke the university's licence was the correct and that it will \"strongly\" contest any legal challenge. Gillies, however, alleged the UKBA's requirements for checking overseas students had changed substantially at least 14 times in the last three years; and that it had failed to keep LMU aware of its concerns.Keith Vaz , the Indian-origin MP and chairman of the House of Commons' home affairs select committee, said: \"The process has left a large number of genuine students with nowhere to study. This can't be right or fair to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259261", "title": "Fake profiles on social sites on the rise in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT police cyber crime cell has been receiving many complaints pertaining to fake profiles on social networking sites. In a latest case, a woman model has lodged a complaint against a male model, who also starred in a recent Punjabi movie, for making her fake profile on Facebook.It has raised concern as it is the second case which has been established in as many months.Some months ago, about 12 students of a public school in Sector 7 had made a fake profile of their teacher and posted objectionable comments against her. During a police investigation, all these students were found involved in the misdemeanour.Sources in the cyber crime cell said, \"Both the complainant and the accused are Chandigarh residents. The US headquarters of the social networking site has been requested to provide details of the internet protocol (IP) address through which the fake profile was made. The accused has also posted her pictures without her knowledge.\" The complainant filed the complaint through the public window at Sector 9 police headquarters.The cell is investigating five more such cases. These include two filed by women BPO employees and one by a city businessman. A senior cyber cell officer said, \"The nature of complaints is the same... all relate to fake profiles. In two of the cases, the accused have also mentioned the cell-phone numbers of the victims in the profiles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258563", "title": "Medium of instruction protestor Ratnakar Lele to accept best teacher award", "text": "PANAJI: Former principal of Mushtifund Higher Secondary School of Panaji , Ratnakar Lele, has been offered the 'Best Teacher' award by the state government again this year, after he declined it in 2011 citing objection to the then Congress government's decision to extend grants to English medium primary schools.Lele had shared the dais with present BJP chief minister Manohar Parrikar on many occasions to protest the change in the medium of instruction (MoI) policy at the primary school level. Though the present Parrikar government has continued with the decision of grants to 127 government-aided primary schools which switched over to English during the MoI turmoil last year, Lele seems to have made peace with accepting the honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16257869", "title": "Thousands turn up to bid adieu to educationist Anil Bordia", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands turned up at the funeral of eminent educationist and former Union education secretary Anil Bordia at the Adarsh Nagar cremation ground on Tuesday. Bordia (79), who passed away on Monday, was honoured with Padma Bhushan in 2010 in recognition of his contribution to the field of education.A former IAS officer, Bordia was a visionary and formulated various innovative education policies. As the Union education secretary from 1987 to 1992, he was instrumental in launching the famous Bihar education project. He initiated the well-known women education programme 'Mahila Samakhya' in which the entire women's movement actively participated.His efforts for improving literacry in Rajasthan were also noteworthy. In 1987, he initiated the Shiksha Karmi programme in Rajasthan which addressed the issue of defunct school and absentism. Thousands of local people were trained as teachers and the schools were directed and monitored by the society. It was through this project that universalisation of primary education was achieved in Rajasthan.Even after his retirement, Bordia remained active and rendered his services in the field of education. In 1992, he launched the people's movement for education called the Lok Jumbish and in 2001 initiated \"Doosra Dashak\" with emphasis on promotion of education and development among the youth.The report of a committee on Right To Education (RTE) headed by him suggested measures to harmonise the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan vision, strategies and norms with the RTE mandate and operationalise several provisions under the RTE such as teachers' capacity and admission of 25% children from disadvantaged groups in schools.Another feather to his cap was when South Africa got liberation in 1994, he was invited by Nelson Mandela to draft the education policy. Till recently he was the educational advisor to the governments of Nigeria and South Africa.Born on May 5, 1934, in Indore, Bordia began his education at Vidya Bhavan in Udaipur and attended M B College in the city. He later studied at St. Stephen's College, New Delhi, after which he was selected for Civil Services.In 1999, UNESCO awarded him the prestigious Avicenna Gold Medal for exceptional contribution to educational development. Earlier, in 1996, he was elected Fellow of UNESCO's Asia-Pacific Centre of Educational Innovation for Development, Bangkok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16259015", "title": "Hospitals battle dengue rush", "text": "KOLKATA: Grappling with the rush of dengue patients, hospitals across the city are now having to refuse patients and defer surgeries unless of course, there's an emergency.The dengue epidemic having reached a feverish pitch, patients are being screened to filter out those who are less likely to have got the virus. Yet, several hospitals have been forced to cancel scheduled surgeries to accommodate dengue patients. A severe shortage of beds has hit most hospitals, forcing them to even turn away serious cardiac and neurological patients. Many, including CMRI, Ruby and Medica Superspecialty have now instructed doctors to look for unequivocal dengue symptoms before recommending admission.It had become inevitable to keep beds free for patients who needed hospital care more urgently than those who could be treated at home, said S B Purakayastha, CEO, Ruby Hospital. \"Since last week, we have been flooded with patients who have been insisting on admission. Most are suffering from viral fever and can do without admission. We are screening them for dengue symptoms and turning them away if they are not pronounced. For, we would otherwise do injustice to the more serious patients who might die without emergency treatment,\" said Purakayastha.Belle Vue, which now has 38 dengue patients, has been deferring around two to three surgeries every day since the outbreak. It has been receiving about a dozen new dengue patients daily. \"Planned surgeries are being postponed for shortage of beds. We are trying to reschedule them within two to three days of the original date. Emergency surgeries, however, are being carried out routinely,\" said CEO P Tandon.But the hospital, Tandon added, was yet to start screening of dengue patients. \"We don't want to refuse patients. Most are coming to us with reports that confirm dengue. But we have run out of beds and are now having to juggle around to accommodate patients,\" said Tandon.CMRI Hospital has 62 dengue patients. Every day, around 20 are being refused admission after screening. Yet, the hospital is being forced to defer around six surgeries a day. \"The sudden outbreak has led to a shortage of beds. Unless we have them, scheduled surgeries can't be carried out. We are trying to carry them out within a day. But it's turning out to be difficult,\" said Rupak Barua, CEO, CMRI.The hospital was trying to keep beds free for patients with severe dengue symptoms and accident victims. \"Since the dengue outbreak, we have been finding it difficult to accommodate accident victims. So, we now have a team of medical officers which is screening patients in the outpatient department,\" Barua said.Beds reserved for surgery patients are being used to treat dengue patients at Ruby. Most scheduled surgeries have been postponed by a week. \"The dengue onslaught caught everyone, including us, quite off-guard. Initially, we were finding it difficult to accommodate even accident victims. Now, we have decided to defer all scheduled operations till we have enough beds at our disposal. We expect the number of dengue patients to come down by next week. If it doesn't, then we will have to postpone more surgeries,\" said Purakayastha.Ruby has started screening patients to keep beds free for emergency cases. Fever patients are being checked for body rash, abdominal pain, low platelet count and SGPT. \"The common symptoms like retro-orbital pain and high temperature are not always conclusive. These do not necessarily point to dengue. So we are watching out for the more severe signs of the virus. In some cases, we are also carrying out a liver function test. Scores have had jaundice along with dengue which could be life-threatening. Those who are complaining of vomiting are also being clubbed as potential dengue patients and are being admitted,\" said Amitava Saha, medicine specialist at Ruby Hospital.Others are watching out for common viral fever symptoms to segregate them from dengue patients. A running nose and an early breathing trouble, for instance, are likely to be signs of viral fever rather than dengue, said Arindam Kar, director, Medica Institute of Critical Care. \"Temperature is likely to hover around 100-101 degrees in case it's viral. It will shoot up to 103 degrees in dengue patients. Also, the latter are likely to have a vomiting tendency, severe headache and abdominal pain. It's not easy to differentiate but we are counselling patients not to seek admission unless it's absolutely necessary. Dengue patients can be treated at home. In fact, hundreds are now being treated at home and they will recover. But they must monitor their platelet count in case it drops and be in touch with a hospital,\" said Kar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258331", "title": "Coalgate: Clean chit for CVC Pradeep Kumar in coal block allocations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central vigilance commissioner Pradeep Kumar has been given a clean chit by both the CBI and the CAG on the coal block allocations as having no role in any allocation when he was special secretary in the coal ministry.Kumar was special secretary in the coal ministry in 2006. He headed a screening committee that deliberated on coal block allocations.However, sources said Kumar had no role in allocations as the meeting chaired by him did not make any recommendations on allocation of mines. The subsequent meeting of the steering committee made decisions in which he was not a party.Both the CBI and the CAG went into details and examined all documents and found nothing against Kumar, sources said. The CAG report questioned the manner in which 57 coal mines were allocated to private parties with lack of transparency.The screening committee headed by Kumar met on September 7, 2006 to look into applications for allotment of 15 mines. However, no decision was taken in that meeting. The coal blocks, sources said, were allotted to companies in the next meeting of the screening committee for which the CVC could not be held responsible.The meeting concluded with the chairman referring the applications to the states concerned for their comments.Blocks allotted subsequently comprise Ansettipali, Punukula-Chilka, Brahmpuri, Mandla North, Rawanwara North, Sial Ghoghri Lohara East, Kosar-Dongargaon, Warora West (North), Biharinath and Mednirai.The 34th meeting of the screening committee chaired by Kumar was represented by officials from the ministry of power, steel, department of industrial policy and promotion and several states including Jharkhand , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra and West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16258849", "title": "Tenughat Thermal Power Station production falls to zero", "text": "BOKARO: Generation at the Tenughat Thermal Power Station (TTPS) has come down to zero as two of its production units closed down due to technical snag, causing loss of crores of rupees to the state's exchequerTTPS, a unit of the Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL), is the backbone of the state's power production. It has two units which produce 420 MW (220x2) electricity. The TVNL supplies the entire power produced in TTPS to the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) that is later distributed across the state.Sources said the TTPS faced the first jolt on August 25 when the production in Unit-I came to a grinding halt following a mini explosion. The cause of the explosion is yet to be ascertained. On Sunday, the production in Unit-II also stopped with leakage in boiler tube.The repair work to restore the problem is being carried out on war footing. A report in this regard has been sent to the TVNL managing director by the TTPS management.General manager, TTPS, Ram Avatar Sahu said, \"The repair work in Unit-I and Unit-II is likely to be completed by Tuesday evening. Both the units will start functioning smoothly from Wednesday. Although it has caused power generation loss of several crores of rupees, we will try to compensate it by maintaining power production. We will begin inquiry to ascertain the cause behind the occurrence of mini-explosion once the units get lighted up,\" said Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16257969", "title": "Two Swedes booked for burning Indian currency notes", "text": "JAIPUR: Two Swedish nationals were booked under sedition charges on Tuesday for burning Indian currency notes in public in the Bhilwara's Gulabpura area.Though the incident took place nearly a month ago, police took action only after the court directed them to do so.The two men were irked over the arrest of their friend, also from Sweden , who had created a ruckus by entering the Brahma Temple in Pushkar with a liquor bottle in his hand. After the friend was released by the police, the two accused sat in front of their rented accommodation in Gulabpura and set fire a few Rs 500 and Rs 100 notes. As people gathered around them, they allegedly kept saying, \"Money can do anything in India. We got our friend released using it.\" The police had to intervene to save them from public ire.The accused men, Thomas and Jonas, both aged 30 years, are working for a Swedish company employed by Hindustan Zinc for mining in the area, said Guplabpura SHO Ramchandra Choudhary.\"Both have been booked under Section 124A (sedition) of IPC which can draw a maximum imprisonment of three years,\" said the officer.The officer said that Erik Martin, who also works for the same company in Gulabpura, had been arrested by the police in Pushkar on July 20.\"Erik had entered Brahma Temple under the influence of alcohol. He also had a liquor bottle in hand. When he was asked to leave the temple by some priests, he started creating a ruckus. He was booked for breach of peach and later released on bail,\" said the officer.Thomas and Jonan brunt the currency notes in front of a crowd on July 21. A local resident, Amarsingh Rajput, who witnessed the incident filed, a complaint in the court.\"They were attracting a crowd intentionally. While burning the currency notes, they kept saying that money can do anything and they had got their friend released using it,\" said Amarsingh.He added the crowd had got furious and were about to thrash them. Police were informed following which a team was rushed there. \"The police, however, seized the ashes of currency notes and released them without taking any legal action. Both should have been booked at that time. But we had to approach the court which directed the police to lodge an FIR on Monday,\" said the officer.SHO Ramcharan said that the FIR was lodged on Tuesday after the court's paper reached the police station. Both would be arrested after investigation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16258662", "title": "CME programme on nutrition at Goa Medical College", "text": "PANAJI: The department of pathology, Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists and the Goa College of Home Sciences will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme on 'Nutrition and diet in lifestyle diseases' on September 6, at 3pm, in the pathology department's seminar room. The faculty will include Dr Edwin Gomes - professor and head of medicine department, GMC. The CME will be chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto. The topics to be covered include nutrition and diet in hypertension, diabetes , heart diseases, anemia and cancer.The CME is coordinated by Pinto, Rajal K Shinkre and Gauri U Parob.KA's Tiatr competition:The 38th Tiatr competition of Kala Academy will be held from September 24 to November 12 at 7pm at the Dinanath Mangeshkar Kala Mandir, Panaji, with the participation of 30 tiatr groups. Tickets of Rs 40 will be charged for admission to each show and the same will be available at the ticket counter of Kala Academy, three days in advance of each show. The advance booking timings will be from 10am to 12pm and 3pm to 6pm and regular booking time will be from 10am to 1pm and 2.30pm to 7.30pm. Some seats in Row 'C' and 'D' will be reserved for Kala Academy and some seats in Row 'E' will be reserved for senior citizens, for purchasing the tickets. Video shooting of the tiatr performances is prohibited.The audience has been requested to occupy the seats latest by 6.45pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16260239", "title": "Be sensitive to victims' problems", "text": "A little more sensitivity is needed in handling railway accident victims in a city where close to 4,000 people die on the tracks every year.The \u00a0 Jagjivan \u00a0 Ram Hospital's refusal to treat a patient, taking advantage of outdated rules (reported by this paper on Sunday morning), and this present case show the same extreme insensitivity to a typical Mumbai problem.The \u00a0 DRM's \u00a0 gesture in the \u00a0 Vasai \u00a0 case is welcome but both \u00a0 WR \u00a0 and CR should take note of these recurring problems and prevent repeats.Related Story: Railways asks\u00a0hospital\u00a0to repay mishap victim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16259863", "title": "Policemen intensify anti-dacoit operations", "text": "KANPUR: Sleuths from the anti-dacoity cell and STF have jointly launched a fresh combing operation in the rocky terrains of the Patha jungles near Chitrakoot's Dodamafi village, where Sudesh Patel alias \"Balkhadiya\" and his gang members had allegedly massacred five members of a family on the night of August 8.Balkhadiya has over 50 criminal cases against him and is wanted by both UP and MP police. \"Balkhadiya's terror reigns not only in Dodamafi, Jamunihai and Nihi Chiraiyya villages of the district, but also in several bordering areas of Madhya Pradesh,\" said a police official.On the night of May 20, the gang had killed a Bahujan Samajwadi party worker and former BDC member Vijay Pal 2012 in Nihi Chiraiyya village. Earlier, on May 12, the gang had gunned down brothers Surajdeen and Santosh in Jamunihai village.Deputy inspector general of police PK Srivastava told TOI that an anti-dacoity squad equipped with binoculars, wireless sets, sophisticated arms and other facilities has been combing the jungles of Patha, covering the three villages of Dodamafi, Jamunihai and Nihi Chiraiyya. \"The head of the anti-dacoity team is Subeydar Singh, an officer of inspector rank. The team also consists of expert sleuths with a good track record of combating dacoits in the region,\" he added. The fresh combing operation has forced three members of Balkhadiya gang to surrender before the court, claimed a police official. \"Those who surrendered have been identified as Ram Milan, Satya Narain alias Natthu and Dadu Kole.The three were wanted in connection with the Jamunihai and Nihi Chiraiyya killings, apart from cases of extortion, possession of illegal arms, forcing people into crime and others registered against them in various police stations of the district,\" he said.The police have collected some vital clues from the trio during the remand period and are now working on the same line to zero in on Balkhadiya and his aides, he added.A police official told TOI that there had been a lull since 2008 as far as activities of dacoits in the district were concerned. This was attributed to the elimination of some of the major brigands including Ambika Patel alias Thokia, Shiv Prasad Patel alias Dadua and Sunder Lal alias Ragia. But a four year-long gap later, Balkhadiya and his handful of men have become a major headache for both UP and MP police.According to sources, the police have also intensified operations because of fresh inputs received by the state government that the gangs are planning a major resurgence in the Bundelkhand region. Notably, he police have also not been able to achieve a breakthrough in the escape of 13 prisoners in Banda district till date.Among the prisoners who escaped were dacoits Chunni Lal, brother-in-law of slain dacoit Ambika Patel alias Thokia and Shivmurat Kole, Rammu Kole, Dinesh and Sheelu\u2014 all members of the Radhey gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16257710", "title": "India, China to boost defence ties, resume military exercises", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unnerved over the impending US pivot towards Asia-Pacific and sharp criticism of its belligerence in South China Sea, China is keen to see India remains a neutral player in the unfolding power play and jostling in the region.China agreed with India on Tuesday to step up bilateral defence cooperation, ranging from resumption of joint military exercises and high-level exchanges to enhanced \"border security cooperation\" to minimise \"miscalculations\" between the world's largest and second-largest armies along the 4,057-km Line of Actual Control (LAC).China also invited defence minister A K Antony to visit Beijing next year, which will be the first such visit since 2006, in the backdrop of the two Asian giants holding that expansion in military ties will \"enhance mutual trust and deepen friendship\".The one thing that clearly came through after the 90-minute delegation-level meeting between Antony and his visiting Chinese counterpart General Liang Guanglie was that the two sides \"proclaimed\" their decision to \"work together to maintain peace and stability of the Asia-Pacific region\".While it has its own vexed bilateral issues with China, including the border problem and the Beijing-Islamabad military nexus, India has already conveyed its unwillingness to become \"a linchpin\" in the \"re-balancing\" of the formidable US naval forces towards Asia-Pacific despite burgeoning Indo-US defence ties.Similarly, while it firmly supports \"freedom of passage for all in international waters\" given its own experience of being needled by China, India is against any third-party intervention in the contentious South China Sea.China, also jittery over the coming transition in its internal leadership, found some solace in this. Holding that India and China had \"reached consensus for cooperation\" in various fields, Gen Liang said the two countries should make the most of the opportunity.Dubbing the talks as \"very fruitful\", Antony said, \"we have decided that (to resume joint exercises). I have also accepted the invitation to visit China sometime next year as per mutual convenience.\"The bilateral \"hand-in-hand\" exercises, the first two editions of which were held at Kunming (China) in 2007 and Belgaum in 2008, were frozen after diplomatic spats over visa and other issues in 2009-2010. Though largely symbolic with just over 100 soldiers from each side undertaking counter-terror drills, the third edition will now be held in 2013 as a major confidence-building measures between the two armies.The two navies will now also hold joint maritime search and rescue exercises as well as \"promote port calls\" by each other's warships, apart from strengthening cooperation in anti-piracy operations in Gulf of Aden and off the coast of Somalia .It was also decided to strengthen security cooperation along the LAC to \"enhance and maintain peace and tranquillity\". With India recording as many as 550 \"transgression\" by Chinese troops across the LAC just since January 2010, the new bilateral boundary coordination mechanism is geared towards preventing border face-offs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16259787", "title": "Obama plank: Yes, Americans are better off today", "text": "WASHINGTON: One of the earliest figures to tie the US to India was Lord Cornwallis. The British soldier-administrator left America in ignominy after being routed by George Washington in the Siege of Yorktown in 1781, repaired to England, and on being reassigned to India, salvaged his reputation by defeating Tipu Sultan in the Battle of Srirangapatnam in 1799.Buried in Ghazipur outside Varanasi after he died in India, Cornwallis had found America a thorny proposition . The realization pricked him most in the city of Charlotte , North Carolina, which he described as a \"hornet's nest\" . It is in this city, US' second biggest financial centre after NY, close to the very intersection where Cornwallis was ambushed, that the Democratic National Convention kicked off on Tuesday.President Obama launched one of his own over the weekend during his \"On the Road to Charlotte\" tour, saying Republicans only had an \"agenda that was bettersuited for the last century\" , while asking for four more years to complete an unfinished job that will help the US remain the pre-eminent power in the 21st century. On Tuesday, Democrats unveiled their platform (party manifesto ) that pings familiar liberal talking points \u2014 higher taxes on wealthier Americans and support for samesex marriage and abortion rights, among other pledges.The contrast from the Republican platform, which seeks to ban abortion and gay marriage and reverse Obama's healthcare initiatives, couldn't be sharper. But Democrats hope to retain the support of a majority of women and foreign-born voters who backed Obama in 2008.On Monday, First Lady Michelle Obama and the Indian-American actor Kalpen Mody (better known in Hollywood as Kal Penn ) went through the paces, shooting a campaign video on stage.Democrats have finally put together a decisive answer to the question Republicans posed repeatedly at Tampa to the American voter : Are you better off today than you were four years ago.\"Absolutely\" , the Democratic leadership said on Monday, with Vice-President Joe Biden paraphrasing the major President Barack Obama first term achievement (gradual economic turnaround and a more secure America) with a slogan worthy of a bumper sticker: \"Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16258333", "title": "Two arrested, MLA booked for electrocution of farmer", "text": "GONDIA: Tiroda Police arrested two persons and booked MLA Khushal Bopche and two others for the electrocution of a farmer. The farmer Digambar Rahangdale was electrocuted in the MLA's field at Chirekhani village near Nagzira sanctuary on Sunday.As the region is adjacent to Nagzira sanctuary, movement of wild animals is quite common in the area. As such, taking direct current from the main line is a common sight there. It is done for two purposes - poaching and protecting crops from wild animals. It is alleged that one such live wire was going through one of the fields owned by MLA Bopche at Chirekhani. Rahangdale was electrocuted in the same field.On a complaint filed by Devraj Rahangdale, offences were registered under Sections 304, 201 and 34 of IPC and Section RW135 of Indian Electricity Act, by Tiroda Police against Bopche and four persons - Meetram Patle, Preetram Patle, Raatiraam Bhonde and Narendrakumar Bisen. Of them, Meetram Patle and Narendrakumar Bisen have been arrested. Tiroda Police inspector PS Madame is investigating.Meanwhile, SDO (P) Sachin Zanzad and Pansare inspected the site. Speaking to TOI from Mumbai, Bopche said, \"The gate of my field was locked, so I don't know with what intention the farmer entered my field.\"However, he blamed political vendetta to be behind the offence registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16260306", "title": "Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan funds for Didi's Teachers\u2019 Day gala", "text": "Kolkata: The Mamata Banerjee government is using Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan funds, meant for the upgrade of education infrastructure, for its Teachers' Day function at Netaji Indoor Stadium on Wednesday.Even as the government desperately seeks a bailout from the Centre and complains about lack of funds stalling development initiatives , education department officials at Bikash Bhavan have released cheques of Rs 4,200 to each of the 115 government-aided schools to bring a total of 6,900 students to the venue in hired buses and provide them snacks. The budget for the programme , pegged at Rs 45 lakh, is 15 times more than its previous edition, held at Rabindra Sadan in 2010, that was addressed by former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.Sources in the education department said funds for the programme will come from allocations for the SSA in two tranches of Rs 25 lakh and Rs 20 lakh. The Centre's share in SSA funds is 75%. The largesse, by a state that can ill-afford such expenditures is baffling. According to SSA estimates, it takes Rs 1.7 lakh to build a school room. A bit of number crunching shows the government could have built at least 26 new school rooms with its budget for the function.The funds will be spent on non-Plan expenditure, possibly to inspire listeners, a role Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan believed every teacher had to fulfil even as the process of self-education never ceased. Going by the words of the icon whose birthday she celebrates on Wednesday, the programme leaves scope for the chief minister to teach herself as well.Else, why should a government spend on rallying students with funds meant for school infrastructure?For the past three days, decorators have been hard at work setting up a 58 feet long and 34 feet wide dais at the stadium, where the CM will felicitate teachers and address the young listeners her government has arranged to bring to the venue. The state plans to felicitate 100 government school teachers with a cash reward of Rs 25,000 each, up by Rs 15,000 from the Left days. The rest of the money will be spent on the cultural programme and cover other costs.Prodigal WaysEducation dept issues cheques of 4200 ( 3000 for buses + 1200 for snacks) to each of 115 govt-aided schools to bring 6,900 schoolkids to Netaji Indoor Stadium According to SSA estimates, building a school room costs 1.7 lakh. With function's budget of 45 lakh, govt could have built at least 26 such rooms.Directorate identifies 35 govt-aided schoolsThe school directorate has identified 35 government aided schools in Kolkata, 25 in Barrackpore, 20 in South 24-Parganas , and 15 each from Howrah and other parts of North 24-Parganas . Each of these schools has been asked to send 60 students along with the teachers, some of whom may receive the Shikshna Ratna award.\"We received a directive from the school directorate asking us to identify schools and arrange for sending students from across five districts to the September 5 programme ,\" said North 24-Parganas district inspector (secondary) Amar Sil. \"We have given Rs 3,000 for hiring buses and Rs 1,200 for refreshments for the 60 students,\" said Howrah district inspector Tapas Biswas. Kolkata DI Jiten Goswami said schools have already collected the cheques from Bikash Bhavan.Teachers have been asked to avoid taking Class X students because they will be having their test examination soon. \"Preference has been given to students from Class V to Class VII because their school unit tests are over,\" said Howrah schoolteacher Pulak Deb.Former headmistress of Bethune Collegiate School and national award-winning teacher Priti Mandal isn't impressed with the government plan. \"I would have preferred development of school infrastructure.However, it is up to the organizers to take the call. I received the award in 2005 from President APJ Abdul Kalam. I believe that the award and not the money is important to me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16257820", "title": "First batch from NE returns to Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The first batch of around 400 people from the northeast, who had fled Bangalore last month following rumours of attacks on the people from the region, returned to the city on a special train from Guwahati on Tuesday.Most passengers were delighted to be back. \"I went back home to prepare for my exams and to stay away from the tension that drove thousands from the city. Now, the situation is back to normal, I decided to come back,\" said commerce student Mrinal Shrestha, 23, who wants to be a chartered accountant.Others had not option but to return for the want of jobs back home. \"There is simply no work at home. We went back to Assam , and were hoping the situation to improve so we could return to our jobs. If the situation had not become better, we would have left for Delhi or Mumbai. But then it is not like living in Bangalore as we are very familiar with this place,\" said 32-year-old semi-skilled labourer Haikon Borah, who along with 10 others from his town work at a factory.Indrajit S, 22, from Assam's Kamrup district, echoed Borah. \"My elder brother has been working here for the past five years. He works in the security sector and earns up to Rs 8,000 a month, something unimaginable back home,\" he said.Karnataka home minister R Ashoka's recent visit to the northeast to reassure those who had fled Bangalore to return gave many like Indrajit the confidence to do so. \"Since the authorities have given us their assurance, we decided to return. I have come to the city with dreams of making a lot of money. I want to follow in my brother's footsteps.''Around 150 police personnel were deployed to give them a sense of security. Railway Police DSP Meer Arif Ali said, \"We were prepared for any eventuality.\"The special train had left Guwahati on Saturday amid tight security. A special security team comprising 23 RPF and nine GRP personnel escorted them back to Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16257917", "title": "CREDAI takes steps to protect old buyers", "text": "NOIDA: Even though construction in Noida Extension has resumed, apprehensive buyers fearing fresh problems like cancellations and \"unethical\" demand letters from developers, met Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (CREDAI) on Tuesday to seek its intervention. Following the meeting, CREDAI has issued a set of instructions to all Noida Extension developers asking them to protect the existing buyers' interests.The developers' body has asked builders to not charge any extra money from existing buyers, make changes in original layout or FAR, and strictly warned against issuing cancellation letters.\"We have maintained throughout the Noida Extension episode that the burden of a price hike will not be passed on to the old buyers. In spite of that, buyers were apprehending an increase in prices so CREDAI has decided to issue a set of directions to all developers regarding this,\" said Anil Sharma, CMD Amrapali and vice president CREDAI (NCR). \"We have also asked the developers to not make any major changes in the layout and FAR of flats and to give buyers what was promised at the time of booking,\" Sharma said.CREDAI has also directed all developers to ensure that all those buyers who have paid the mandatory 10% of the Basic Sale Price must not be threatened with cancellation.\"CREDAI will also issue a copy of these instructions to buyers' associations to ensure that builders do not harass existing bonafide investors. Its assurance has come as a great relief for us,\" said Abhishek Kumar of buyers' body NEFOWA. \"Several developers were threatening us with cancellations so that they can sell the same flats at higher rates. In some cases, developers have drastically changed the layout of their projects which cannot accommodate all old buyers. Due to this, they were asking us to take refunds. We hope all problems will be resolved now with CREDAI's intervention,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16259736", "title": "Sena should recognize contribution of Biharis", "text": "Uddhav Thackeray is questioning the very idea of India when he says that there should be a system of permits for Bihari migrants coming into Mumbai.What would be left of the idea of a nation-state, particularly one that aims to be a liberal democracy, if governments start imposing arbitrary restrictions on the movement of people from one part of the country to another?Rather than painting migrants from other states, particularly those in the north, as the hated 'other', the Sena leader would do well to recognize how important a role they have played in making Mumbai a modern, cosmopolitan metropolis. Mumbai is as much theirs as his.Related Story:  Uddhav seeks to go one up on Raj, seeks permits for Biharis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16259633", "title": "Ferocious pet stops cops from nabbing boy", "text": "MOHALI: A police team had a tough time, when a labrador guarding the house of Satinder Singh, who is wanted by the police in connection with a firing case, did not let them enter his house, giving Satinder an opportunity to flee from his house to Sector 15, Panchkula, on Tuesday.The police party led by Bharat Bhushan, SHO of the police station in Phase VIII, Mohali, could only seize his Skoda, which was brought to the police station. Accused Satinder was involved in a firing incident, which took place on June 20, in Sector 69, Mohali. The complainant Baljeet Chaudhary, who was injured in the incident, has lodged an FIR at the Phase-VIII police station. SHO Bharat Bhushan said they tried their best to enter the house but Satinder's pet gave them a hard time, giving Satinder enough time to escape from his house.Ahead of student elections in Panjab University (PU), the district police have brought in 50 commandos from the Commando Training Centre, Patiala, for carrying out special checking in PG accommodations in the district. SP (city) Swarandeep Singh said commandos were deputed on the entry and exit points of the urban area of Mohali adjoining Chandigarh, especially in view of the PU elections on September 7.Police officials said a detailed list of wanted student leaders and supporters, living in district Mohali, has been obtained from the Chandigarh police and raids are being conducted to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16258694", "title": "Drunken goons molest and slash woman", "text": "KOLKATA: A 28-year-old woman was molested and slashed with a razor blade for protesting against drunken goons who were creating a nuisance in front of her house. Locals managed to nab two of them and handed the duo over to police who identified them as Raju Chandra and Bhakta Debnath.The woman, a resident of at her home at Palladaha village in Kanchrapara, was giving tuitions to some children of the locality, when she spotted some youths drinking in front of her house. She did not say a word until they started abusing her in a filthy language. She was all the more humiliated as there were some guests in her house. The woman therefore requested the duo not to create a nuisance as children were studying and told them to shift to some other place.This infuriated them and they dragged her out of the house, pulled out a razor blade and slashed her repeatedly on the face and hands. Later, they also molested her. It was around 3.30pm and locals and relatives of the victim rushed to her rescue. Though the duo tried to flee, they were nabbed by the mob. The woman was bleeding profusely and was rushed to Bhatpara hospital.The incident happened around 3.30 pm, when some youths were drinking alcohol in front of her room and were abusing her in a filthy tongue. The victim was teaching some children of the area in her room and there were some relatives at their home, so she was greatly disturbed by the abuse of the drunken youths. Soon she stepped out of her room and asked them not to drink in front of her room and create nuisance in the area. But this infuriated the two and they attacked her. They tried to drag her out of her room and slashed her with a blade.They slashed her repeatedly with a blade which created injuries on his face and hands. She was bleeding profusely and her relatives who were at home rushed out to rescue her. Though the two tried to flee, they were nabbed by the victim's relatives. The two were later handed over to the police of Bijpur thana. The victim was admitted to Bhatpara hospital.Locals alleged that the victim was teased by the same gang earlier, but police never bothered to take action against them. The two are part of a gang who drink openly and often tease and molest women. Locals alleged police inaction against the gang members.A senior police officer, however, said they were probing if more persons were involved in the attack. The two will be produced in the Barrackpore court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259616", "title": "ATM operator held for stealing Rs 12 lakh", "text": "BANGALORE: An ATM operator has been arrested for allegedly stealing nearly Rs 12 lakh from a money dispensing machine on Katriguppe Main Road. The 28-year-old man accessed the machine by using the code number and opened the vault on August 14.Police said N Shivaraj, a resident of Srinivasanagar and native of NG Koppal near Shravanabelagola in Hassan district , had come to the city five years ago in search of a job.\"He was working as a cash loader and first-level ATM maintenance staff with security services firm ISS SDB in Koramangala for two years and is well-versed with ATM machines . Shivaraj decided to hack into the Katriguppe machine and successfully executed his plan on August 14,\" said DCP (South) Sonia Narang.The case came to light after the manager of Writer Safe-Guard , Manjunath, approached Hanumantnagar police on August 16 stating that his men had loaded Rs14 lakh cash into the Katriguppe machine. The machine was later found to have had a shortage of Rs 11,78,500.\"Shivaraj confessed that at around 6.30am on August 14, he entered the ATM machine booth, opened the cash vault using the machine code and decamped with the money. We have recovered Rs 11,76,500 from him,\" Narang said.IAF cadet ends life on railway trackAn Indian Air Force trainee cadet, Dhananjay Chourasia, 19, from Air Force Station, Belgaum, was found dead on a railway track near the City railway station around midnight on Monday. His body was found in a dismembered state. He is suspected to have committed suicide, deputy superintendent of police Mir Arif Ali told TOI.In his suicide note scribbled in English and Hindi, Chourasia wrote: \"I am sorry. My marna chahta hoon. Iska koi jimmedar nahin\" (I want to die. Nobody is responsible for my death). The body was taken by the officers of Air Force Station, Jalahalli. Chourasia hailed from UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16257864", "title": "Commercial tax officer takes bribe, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) sleuths have arrested a commercial tax officer (CTO) in Mylapore for taking a bribe of 15,000 from the owner of a pharmaceutical company on Tuesday.Police said CTO assistant commissioner K Vijayaraghavan was caught red-handed while accepting cash from P Vaidyanathan, the owner of Orange Health Care Pharma, in his office in Mylapore.\"We nabbed him in the presence of two government officers who will be witnesses,\" a DVAC officer said. \"We set a trap, applying the chemical phenolphthalein to the currency notes that Vaidyanathan was to hand over to the CTO. We searched his table and found the currency in a drawer.\"Investigators lace currency notes with phenolphthalein to link a suspect to the money taken as bribe. The suspect is wiped down with a colourless solution of sodium carbonate and the areas that came into contact with the chemical turn pink.Police said Vaidyanathan, who paid commercial tax online regularly for the past three years approached Vijayaraghavan to transfer his assessment files to his hometown of Sengottai. Vaidyanathan had recently moved out of the city and settled in his hometown and intended to run his business there.\"Vijayaraghavan demanded cash from him to transfer the documents,\" the DVAC officer said. \"Vaidyanathan negotiated with him and finally agreed to pay him 15,000. Vaidyanathan approached us and we set a trap for the CTO.\"Police also raided Vijayaraghavan's house in Mylapore. \"We seized incriminating documents from his house. We have collected documents of fixed deposits and cash exceeding his known sources of income. We will check if he has any bank lockers,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16257955", "title": "Ludhiana businessman booked for bank fraud", "text": "SHIMLA: CBI has arrested a Ludhiana businessman Rakesh Narula and charged him with fraud with a bank in Baddi. He had allegedly obtained Rs 9 crore loan on fake property documents. Investigation has found that he also duped a bank in Chandigarh to the tune of Rs 10-11 crore. CBI officials, however, say the accused might have cheated more banks.A case was registered against Narula on a complaint by the Baddi bank. Sources said he took the loan in 2009 and had submitted fake documents citing property in Ludhiana, and used this money to open a garment factory in Jharmajri area of Baddi.Irregularities in his account made the bank suspicious. Sources said the bank officials initially investigated on their own and took possession of the Jharmajri plant. Later, they discovered the property in Ludhiana registered in another person's name. A case was registered under sections 420, 467, 468, 471 and 120 (B) of IPC and Section 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. CBI has also booked two bank officials and a lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258439", "title": "NIA to probe Pak 'hand\u2019 in cross-border smuggling racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: A case of seizure of arms, narcotics, fake currency and Pakistani phones from Amritsar in July has been transferred to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) by the home ministry for investigation into a suspected larger conspiracy by the ISI.In July, Punjab Police had seized 11kg of heroin valued at around Rs 55 crore in international market, Rs 5 lakh in Fake Indian Currency Notes (FICN), one Italian Breta pistol and 38 live cartridges, and a Pakistani phone with Pakistan Telecommunications Company Limited connection following the arrest of three cross-border smugglers.Sources said the proposal to hand over the case to NIA was moved by Punjab Police. \"The home ministry has given its nod and a fresh case will now be filed by the NIA,\" said an official.The home ministry, said sources, wants NIA to investigate a larger conspiracy by Pakistan to push fake currency, narcotics and arms into India using smuggling networks. \"The fact that a Pakistani phone has been recovered from the accused is proof of the fact that the entire network is being funded and supported by Pakistan,\" said the official.Investigations have also found a unique modus operandi in the case. Pakistani associates of the accused would conceal the consignments under earth on zero line - an area on the border that belongs to neither India nor Pakistan, but is frequented by people living near the frontier on both sides.At an appropriate time, said sources, when BSF patrolling would be thin in the area, the accused would fish out the consignment and take it to clients.In the present case the accused have been identified as one Dilbagh Singh, his son Bikramjit Singh and one Gurpartap Singh. Sources said the trio has been indulging in smuggling for a long time. NIA hopes to get details of the cross-border network by questioning the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259945", "title": "Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission notice to Bangalore Electricity Supply Company", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission (KERC) has sent a showcause notice to Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom) managing director P Manivannan for failing to implement the time of day (TOD) meter for heavy industries from September 1.The commission, in its April 2012 tariff order, had mandated all electricity supply companies to charge the industries extra if their consumption is more during peak load timings. Under the TOD system, consumers, particularly industries consuming over 500 KVA, have to pay more for consumption during peak hours.KERC has sought a reply from Manivannan by September 10. He has been asked to appear before the commission by September 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16259232", "title": "No idle time on hand for Ganesh artisans", "text": "KENDRAPADA: With barely two weeks left for Ganesh Puja, idol makers are rushing against time for meeting the deadline adding finishing touches to the statues. Idol making is a thriving business in Kumbharpada, Kendrapada town.A walk around Kumbharapada this month will take one by surprise to spot numerous small and big workshops in every lane. The lanes are dotted with tents with plastic sheets for the roofs. These makeshift tents serve as homes for the artisans during this period who toil throughout the day and night to give shape to their imagination.Skillfully trained, today these artisans have opted for plaster of Paris as a cost-effective option. Customers place orders specifying the height and the material to be used and the artisans deliver accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16258497", "title": "Minister flags off 'Smile Train'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister of state for protocol Abhishek Mishra launched 'Smile Train' bus on Tuesday.Smile train is a US-based NGO which funds free surgery for children suffering from cleft lip and palate.Under this project, department of plastic craniofacial and micro surgery, Vivekananda Polyclinic and Institute of Medical Sciences has so far operated more than 6,000 children suffering from this problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257511", "title": "Abolish import duty on raw sugar, Maharashtra urges Centre", "text": "PUNE: The state government has appealed to the Union government to abolish the 10% import duty on raw sugar to enable sugar factories to tide over sugarcane shortage and fully utilize their capacity in the fresh crushing season, beginning November. Factories can process imported raw sugar when they fall short of sugarcane and bring down the operating cost which in turn will prevent fluctuation in sugar price.The state cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil said that the government has appealed to the Union government to abolish the import duty.This year, the area cultivating sugarcane has dropped by 2.5 lakh hectare, which will create a shortage of sugarcane in the state compared to the installed crushing capacity of factories. Patil said, \"With low availability of sugarcane, the crushing capacity of sugar factories will not be utilized fully and production cost will rise. This will push up the sugar sales price, and increase price in the domestic market, affecting consumers. The imported raw sugar will help tide over the shortage and ensure stability in sugar price.\"The state is expected to produce 63 lakh tonne sugar in the fresh crushing season. The state has a carry forward stock of 22 lakh tonne, hence there is sufficient sugar to meet the demand, but production cost needs to be controlled, said Patil.Vijay Singhal, state sugar commissioner, said, \"Sugar factories have come up with the proposal to abolish the import duty on raw sugar. The factories will export part of the imported raw sugar after refinement which will ensure that the sugar price does not fall in the domestic market.\"Sanjay Banerjee, head, media and communication of Indian Sugar Mills Association, which represents the sugar industry, said, \"The domestic consumption of sugar is 2.2 crore tonne every year. Though the sugar belt of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Karnataka is going to suffer due to low rainfall, Uttar Pradesh is expected to produce surplus sugar. In such a situation, there will be a surplus sugar quota of 60 lakh tonne this year.\" It is true that many sugar factories will have to struggle to keep their production cost low, and there has to be some solution, he said.The association has also called a national meeting on September 10 in New Delhi, where a review of sugar production in the country will be taken, said Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16259800", "title": "Reservation in promotions can become counterproductive", "text": "Caste-based reservations, particularly those for dalits and tribals, have undoubtedly had a role to play in correcting historical wrongs and giving communities that have been oppressed for centuries a chance to attain some measure of equality.Yet, when reservations are used as a tool for political signalling that is in most cases misleading, they become counter-productive. Quotas at the entry level are one thing, guaranteeing promotions through reservations is quite another.Not only does this act counter to the principle of equity while pretending to serve it, efficiency of government services too is likely to be affected. If governments are concerned about the welfare of dalits and tribals, they can do much more than merely providing reservations in government jobs and promotions.Related Story: Cabinet clears SC, ST quota in promotions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16260634", "title": "Coalgate: One family that struck gold in coal mines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Of the five companies raided on Tuesday, three belong to one family - the Nagpur-based Jayaswals. Split in two businesses, they are among the largest beneficiaries in the coal block allocations, holding 10 blocks with more than 900 million tonnes of coal. What is more striking is that they managed to get such a large allocation with only one project running on the ground.Outside Raipur, in the smog-filled industrial area of Siltara, exists a steel plant run by Jayaswal Neco company. Headed by the family patriarch Basant Lal Jayaswal, the company is managed by his son Ramesh Jayaswal. Until a few years ago, Ramesh's elder Manoj was part of the Neco Group. But following a family feud, he branched out, taking control of companies under the banner of Abhijeet Group.Business circles in the region believed the brothers had parted on an acrimonious note and that their businesses, Neco and Abhijeet group, were separate. But on Tuesday, when an unknown company AMR Iron and Steel was raided, and journalists scoured through its returns filed with the registrar of companies, they discovered that the brothers jointly held stake in the company, with their father and family. People in Nagpur are now speculating if AMR in the company's name stands for 'Arvind, Manoj, Ramesh'. Arvind is their older brother. But the larger question is how did one family corner 10 blocks. Part of the answer could lie in the family's political clout. One of the directors of JLD Yavatmal, in which Manoj holds partial stake, was Devendra Darda, son of Congress MP Vijay Darda.Abhijeet Group seemed to have the ability to win the support of bureaucrats. Of the six blocks it was allotted, five lie in Jharkhand. Meanwhile, Jayaswal Neco features among 58 companies that were issued show cause notices this year for \"unsatisfactory progress\" in their projects. The review committee noted the company had not shown any progress in expanding its plant in Siltara for which it had been allocated 215 million tonne mine in Jharkhand and 107 million tonne mine in Chhattisgarh - a staggering allocation. Strikingly , even in 2010, the committee had made similar observations , asking for show cause notices to be issued to the company , adding that the Chhattisgarh HC had ordered the state government not to allow the expansion of the plant.In the case of Abhijeet group, which obtained three coal blocks in 2005 for a sponge iron plant, not only has the company shown no progress in setting up the plant, seven years after it got a block, it has not even finalized where its plant would be. Again, both in 2010 and 2012, the company was issued show cause notices, but no action was taken.All in the family * Of five companies raided on Tuesday, three belong to one family - the Nagpur-based Jayaswals * Family patriarch Basant Jayaswal. Three sons Ramesh, Manoj &amp; Arvind * Ramesh manages Jayaswal Neco Group. Father is group chairman. Manoj heads Abhijeet GroupAbhijeet Group has six coal blocks Jharkhand: Five blocks Chhattisgarh: Fatehpur East (Allocated to JLD Yavatmal Energy) These six add up to 444 mn tonnes of coalJayaswal companies raided today AMR Iron and Steel (jointly held). JAS Infrastructure (Abhijeet Group). JLD Yavatmal (Abhijeet Group &amp; Darda Family)Jayaswal NECO group has three coal blocks Chattisgarh: Gare Palma IV/4 Gare Palma IV/8 Jharkhand: Moitra These add up to 447 mn tonnesJoint ownership: AMR Three brothers jointly own AMR Iron and Steel, allocated a 31 mn tonne block Bander, Maharashtra Between them, 10 blocks and 917 mn tonnes of coal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16259679", "title": "Karnataka State Pollution Control Board chief to continue in office", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday ordered the continuance of AS Sadashivaiah, chairman of Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB), in office until further orders. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen passed this order following a PIL petition filed by Rame Gowda.\"The vesting of additional charge of KSPCB chairman to the forest secretary runs contrary to the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution ) Act, 1974,'' the bench observed while ordering issuance of notice to the chief minister, chief secretary and others. The bench also asked the government advocate to inform the court the credentials of IAS officer R Sreedharan , secretary to the forest and environment department who was entrusted with additional charge of KSPCB chairman by a government notification on September 1.MAYOR, WIFE MOVE HCMayor D Venkatesh Murthy and wife K Prabha moved the high court, seeking quashing of proceedings initiated against them by the BMTF, in relation to the 'bagair hukum' land controversy.The petition will come up for hearing on Wednesday. The controversy relates to the grant of eight acres of land in Somanahalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16257398", "title": "VAT on flats may be less than what owners fear", "text": "PUNE: Here's some good news for flat owners worried how much Value-added tax (VAT) will they have to pay.The quantum of Maharashtra VAT on flats and real estate sold in the state between June 20, 2006 and March 31, 2010 may be much less than 5%, depending up on the method of calculation a developer chooses to adopt.For example, for a flat with an agreement value of Rs 30 lakh, the VAT could be Rs 24,500 at the lowest and Rs 1,15,800 at the highest.Soon after the state government's communication, there was a general impression that purchasers will have to shell out a high 5% of the value of their deals as VAT. While that is a possibility, the Maharashtra Department of Sales Tax has said that there are three options available with developers to calculate the MVAT.A senior functionary in the Sales Tax office told TOI that under rule 58 of the Act a developer can deduct the price of land as well as expenses on labour and further deduct the VAT he has paid on the materials before arriving at his tax liability under MVAT. Alternatively, the developer can choose the standard deduction method.There is a third option based on composition at the rate of 5% of the agreement value and deducting from it the tax already paid on purchase of materials. This method does not contemplate deduction for land value, the official said.Thus for a flat with an agreement value of Rs 30 lakh with land cost of Rs 15 lakh and labour expenses of Rs 5 lakh, the MVAT payable would be Rs 24,500 under the first option and for the same agreement value and land cost with standard deduction of 30% for labour cost, the MVAT would be Rs 28,875. By the 5% composition method, however, the MVAT would work out to as high as Rs 1,15,800.Real estate developer and director of Gera Developments Rohit Gera said a developer will have to exercise the choice according to his method of paying for labour and materials. He said the composition method which provides for a flat 5% gross MVAT is the least efficient one but there may be some developers who will choose it.Gera said the extension in time which the Supreme Court has allowed has given time for developers to work out at greater detail their tax liability and select the method which is least painful for their customers. \"One thing is sure, the developers will be able to recover from the customers only what they pay to the government, and there is no possibility of a developer charging anything extra under any pretext,\" Gera said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "16259718", "title": "Sea intrusion damages boats in Kanyakumari", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: Coastal areas in Kanyakumari district witnessed high tides and sea intrusion on Monday. Villagers said that more than a dozen of their boats were dragged into the sea by the massive waves that struck the coast, while several more boats were damaged. An earthmoving equipment involved in building a rubble mound seawall to prevent erosion, was also dragged by the waves and dumped on the huge boulders of the wall.The sea intrusion was witnessed in more than 20 costal villages in Colachel area where fishermen kept off sea due to rough waters. Huge waves also lashed the coast at Irayumanthurai, Poothurai, Thoothur, Marthandamthurai. Fishery officials said that the phenomenon might last for two more days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16257103", "title": "Goods, cash worth Rs 7 lakh stolen in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Thieves on Monday late night struck a house in Kalani Nagar and fled with goods and cash worth Rs 7 lakh.According to police, the owner of an advertising agency Sudhir Jain, along with his family including two children and wife, had left for his factory in Pologround at around 9.30 am. However, the Jains were shocked to see their house open and in disarray, when they came back at 10.30 pm. They saw fresh foot prints in rooms, which implied that the theft must have taken place around their time of arrival.\"It seems that the theft was planned by some people known to the Jain family,\" said the police adding that the thieves searched every possible nook and corner of the house where they thought that the Jains might have kept their belongings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16259212", "title": "Phony Maoists on the rise in Rayagada", "text": "KORAPUT: The arrest of nine fake Maoists in less than a week speaks volumes about the fast growing numbers of copycat cadres in Maoist-hit Rayagada district. On August 26, six persons posing as Maoists were arrested during a raid within Rayagada police limits. Again on Saturday, three fake Maoists were arrested under Doragura police limits.In both cases, the fake Maoists were trying to extort money from traders and during interrogation it was found that they are not related to the Maoist organization in any manner. Police said it is easy to extort money in the name of Maoists because people seldom dare to approach police against the Red rebels out of fear. \"Miscreants impersonate Maoists as it is easy to terrify people, especially traders, in the name of Red rebels and to make quick bucks. Though in several cases people have budged to their demands, now people are coming to police with their complaints,\" said SP (Rayagada) Rajesh Pandit.The SP said the modus operandi of the fake Maoists is similar to that of the real cadres and it is very difficult to ascertain their identity in the initial stages of investigation. Police said adopting techniques as used by the Red rebels, the fake cadres try to make an impression that they are the real Maoists. They paste Maoist posters at the home of their target, issue threats over telephone and ask him to come with the extortion amount to an isolated place and even some times demands explosives from their targets. Government officials and traders are their soft targets.Describing the trend as very disturbing and urging public to approach police, the SP said, \"Lot of time is consumed in our investigation. Based on human inputs and technical support we are able to arrest the miscreants. There are few other groups who are functioning in the district in the name of Maoists and we are trying to trace them.\" \"We urge people not to get scared whenever they get such phone calls and approach police,\" he added.Police said it has directed the mobile service providers in the district to issue SIM cards to customers after properly verifying their identity as the miscreants frequently change cellphone numbers. On August 4, a person was also arrested in the district while demanding Rs 1 lakh from a goldsmith at Kenduguda in the district by identifying himself as a Maoist leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16257180", "title": "Teachers\u2019 Day: Savita shows students the way", "text": "MHOW: Loved by her students and admired by her colleagues, Savita Goyal is no different from other teachers at Government Primary Girls School in Umariya village, about eight km from Mhow. Her's, however, is a different tale.Oblivious to the reason behind her own blindness , Savita, an orphan, was picked by an organization -- Mahesh Drishtiheen Kalyan Sangh (MDKS) -- working for thousands like her in Indore. Though abandoned by her parents when she was four months old, she is now a part of a family where every member admires her acumen in the field of teaching.So is her capability that one cannot question the alacrity with which Savita teaches the students of Classes I and II in the school. Savita, while talking to TOI, said she reads lessons and then teaches them to her students with the help of Braille book.Head mistress of her school Sharmila Sagwariya said Savita is loved by her whole staff and everybody cooperates with her in completing all kinds of tasks. Her colleagues Shakuntala Benzamin and Sarla Bobde said the students like her and refuse to take oral lessons from any other teacher in case she is on leave. Shrishti Satish of Class I and Priyanka Chatar Singh of Class II said she is just like any other teacher and she never makes them realize that she is blind.Savita studied up to Class VIII in Bal Vinay Mandir, Indore, and completed her schooling from Ahilyashram. After clearing the contractual teachers' exam, she was appointed as a teacher in 2009 on contract basis. She will be posted permanently very soon. Meanwhile, she continued with her studies from Old GD College in Indore.Giving a new lease of life to Savita, MDKS arranged her marriage with a blind member of the organization. She tied the knot with Krishna Kumar Goyal, a contractual teacher at Government Middle School, Bhikangaon in Khagone district. The only problem Savita has is the couple has to stay away from each other due to posting at different places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16256848", "title": "Centre's nod for Nizam panel's guests", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ending the long drawn stalemate over the feud between the Nazir (caretaker) Hussain Shareef and the Nizam's Wakf Committee (NWC), the Central Haj Committee of India (CHCI) has decided to honour the list of pilgrims sent by the NWC and provide them with accommodation at the Rubath in Mecca in Saudi Arabia .Sources said that the committee's decision of endorsing NWC's list of pilgrims is a result of not wanting to alienate any Indian Rubaths as it had happened in the past. A source requesting anonymity said, \"The Centre would not want to play a role in the alienation of any more Rubaths in the country. The Nazir is only the caretaker and therefore has no say in such matters whereas the NWC is the deciding authority.\"He said that there were several Rubaths or guest houses built by Indian nobility in Mecca and Madina where thousands of Muslims go to perform the Haj or Umra. Over the years many of these were gradually taken over by the Saudi government owing to its intermittent Haram expansion plans.The heirs of these Rubath claim that they have not been given any compensation for the buildings that were acquired and no new Rubaths constructed.According to a correspondence sent to TOI on Tuesday which pointed towards reconciliation between Hussain Shareef and NWC, the former claimed that he was acting on a 'special request' from India's consul general in Jeddah Faiz Ahmed Kidwai and has decided to accommodate pilgrims selected by the NWC.Further, he said that apart from the two Rubath buildings in Mecca, he would take up a third building on rent to accommodate pilgrims. The letter claimed that an official final list would be prepared this week after merging the list of pilgrims selected by Shareef's online draw and the 263 pilgrims selected by means of NWC's manual draw which was given to the CHCI. It also stated that 'the Central Haj Committee of India shall not issue anymore forms to any local committees in future on Nazir's behalf'.With many questions remaining on the shaky alliance between the NWC and Hussain Shareef, observers believe that all is still not well between the two parties. Sources from the AP State Haj Committee said that only those staying at the officially recognised Nizam Rubath would be refunded their accommodation charges and questioned the legitimacy of the third building being taken up by Shareef to accommodate NWC selected pilgrims. A source said, \"Accommodation charges of those staying in any place other than the Rubath will not be refunded. However, there is still time. Perhaps the NWC and Shareef will come to an arrangement.\"Exuding confidence, NWC member and former DGP M A Basith said, \"Like every year, after a series of correspondences, the CHCI has decided to take our list. We control the Rubath and Shareef is only a caretaker.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16256879", "title": "Under attack, Sri Lankan pilgrims flee Tamil Nadu", "text": "TRICHY: A pilgrimage to churches in Velankanni and Poondi Matha in central Tamil Nadu turned out to be a nightmare for a group of Sri Lankan nationals when pro-Eelam groups protested against them at the shrines and later attacked them. The 184-strong group of pilgrims was compelled to cut short their visit and leave India on a special flight of Mihin Lanka on Tuesday night.Pro-Eelam protesters attacked them on route to Trichy airport. While the police escort ensured that none of them was injured, one of the seven buses was damaged. Panic-stricken pilgrims were brought to the airport by 2.45pm on Tuesday and lodged at the cargo terminal of the airport. At least 50 members of MDMK \u2014 the political outfit of Vaiko \u2014 led by former MLA A Malarmannan were arrested.\"All of them were made to stay at the cargo terminal of Trichy airport until the flight arrived. They were provided food and other facilities,\" said Shailesh Kumar Yadav, Trichy city police commissioner.The group, which included 83 women and 36 children, arrived at Trichy airport from Colombo on Sunday and drove down to Poondi Matha basilica in Thanjavur. They had planned to visit the shrine before leaving for Velankanni near Nagappatinam, where the annual festival at the Velankanni Matha basilica that attracts faithful from all over the world, got underway last week.However, trouble awaited them at the basilica in form of a 100-member strong mob who demanded that they return to Sri Lanka immediately. But, the protesters dispersed after the police intervened and assured them that the pilgrims would leave the church on Tuesday morning.The pilgrims left Poondi for Velankanni at 2am on Tuesday in seven vehicles with police escort. Although they were allowed to pray at the shrine, protestors shadowed them everywhere. Anticipating trouble, police stepped up security and made arrangements to escort them to Trichy airport.\"They were sent to Trichy airport by seven vehicles and a police team led by a DSP escorted them. They started their journey around 11am from Velankanni after attending the festival,\" G Ramar, superintendent of police, Nagappattinam, told TOI.Security was beefed up at the airport with police and central industrial security force (CISF) screening visitors to prevent protestors from entering the airport premises. But they had lined up all through the route from Nagappattinam to Trichy. The MDMK members were arrested near old Palpannai in Trichy around 1.30pm on Tuesday after they tried to show black flags at the pilgrims. Meanwhile, one of the buses had a puncture, further adding to the confusion.At Kittur on the outskirts of Trichy, a group of unidentified men pelted stones at the buses. Fortunately, no one was injured. But the protestors took away the key from one of the vehicles forcing the police to shift the passengers to a police van.\"We are yet to identify the attackers. Case will be booked under sections 147 and 148 of IPC and Section 3 of PPD Act,\" said Yadav, Trichy police commissioner.\"In our 15 years of experience of pilgrimage to Velankanni and Poondi Matha basilicas, it's the first time that we have faced problems. We were unaware of the hostility towards Sinhalese here. Had our government warned us, we would not have taken the pilgrimage,\" said Selin, a 55-year-old woman from Colombo.Most pilgrims are from lower middle class families in Puthalam district in Colombo and it was the first overseas trip for many youngsters. They claimed to be unaware of the political situation in Tamil Nadu. But almost all of them said they would never visit Tamil Nadu again. \"It is my first trip. I would never come here again,\" Ushanth, 22, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16257930", "title": "Anasagar lake overflows, most low-lying areas flooded in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: The Anasagar lake in the heart of the city is overflowing thanks to the incessant rain in the past two days. Water in the lake crossed the 13-feet mark and started overflowing. The lake water went up the approach road of Regional College and Ramnagar colony.Several residents are now demanding that the sluice gates should not be opened as doing so will affect the colonies. Other lakes in the district are also overflowing which alarmed the residents. The water level at Pushkar lake went up to 16 feet on Tuesday while it touched 17 feet in Foisagar lake. Other lakes like Govindargarh, Para first, Para second, Markeda, Narayan Sagar Khari, Deh Sagar also have good amount of water.For the second day on Tuesday, the city received heavy rainfall flooding several low-lying areas. Vaishali Nagar, Nasirabad road and Ajaynagar region of the city were cut off for long hours due to water logging. A road in Kotra region was washed away. In Narga, Dholabahta, Prakash road, Jhalkari Nagar, Jadughar, Gujar Dharti and Bhajanganj, most houses were inundated with three to four feet of water.Most schools called off the classes early due to the heavy rains. Water also seeped inside most schools, including Mayoor, St Paul's and St Francis. The Alwargate road was flooded with about five feet of water and many students find it difficult to reach home. The Mayo link road also remained jammed for hours as it was flooded.\"The city received 33.6mm rainfall till 2 in the afternoon,\" the Met office said.Gujar Dharti resident Poonam Chand said, \"For the second day, there was 4 feet water in my house and it is impossible to save things.\"Social justice minister Ashok Berwa and state education minister Nassem Akhtar inspected the flooded areas on Tuesday morning and assured residents of help from the state government in this flood situation.The ministers visited Gujar Dharti, Bhajanganj, Jadughar and surrounding areas, \"We have assured the people that a survey will be conducted to provide aid from the government,\" Berwa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16260090", "title": "NMC Standing Committee presents civic budget for 2012-13", "text": "NASHIK: The Standing Committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) presented the Rs 1,810.82 crore civic budget for 2012-13 in the general body meeting on Tuesday. Earlier, the committee, while modifying the budget worked out by the municipal commissioner, had rejected proposals to hike house and water taxes.The former municipal commissioner P Velarasu, in his budget presented to the Standing Committee, had proposed 10 per cent hike in house tax and 4 per cent rise in conservation tax, but the proposals to hike house and conservation taxes were cancelled by the Standing Committee it its budget presented at the GBM. The Rs. 1,810.82 crore budget includes the surplus of Rs. 2.61 crore, with the outlay of Rs. 1,808.21 crore. The former municipal commissioner P Velarasu had presented the NMC budget amounting to Rs 1170.85 crore on March 31. The standing committee revised the by suggesting measures to increase revenue by Rs 639.97 crore, thereby increasing the budget from Rs 1,170.85 crore to Rs 1,810.82 crore.Presenting the budget at the GBM on Tuesday, the Standing Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \"My attempt was to give priority to the civic works in the interest of citizens and no tax hike has been made in the budget with an aim to relief the citizens. Considering comparatively on expenses and income, it is necessary to make minor hike on rents of NMC's own commercial properties, advertising taxes. In present situation, it needs to be economical in case of revenue expenditure. Survey of NMC's all residential and commercial properties, and computerization of tax recovery systems are needed to increase the revenue. The related department must take efforts for 100 per cent recovery of house tax, water tax and other taxes, which will help in carrying out maximum developmental works in the city.\"The budget includes the proposal of privatize NMC's two ambitious loss making projects- Yashwantrao Chavan Planetarium and Dadasaheb Pahalke Memorial, with an aim to avoid expenses on the said projects. The provision of Rs. 30 lakh per corporator has been made to carry out various developmental works in their wards. The budget includes the provision of Rs. 100 crore in view of the coming Kumbhamela for acquisition of land for Sadhugram, city Ring Roads, DP Roads and broadening of existing roads.The provision of Rs 100 crore as NMC's contribution (of 30 per cent) under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) project works for the current fiscal year has been made. The budget includes the provision of Rs. 50 crore for the proposed Godavari Development Plan and Ghat development.Rs. 1 crore to conduct survey and chalk out plans for Metro Railway project, Rs. 1 cr to install CCTV cameras and other safety measures in the city, Rs. 5 crore for Solid Waste Management Project, Rs. 25 lakh for water audit, Rs. 18.37 crore for the welfare of Blind and handicapped, Hawkers' Zone and Khoka market, Rs. 10 crore for multi-purpose playground, Rs. 36.85 crore for various works for empowerment of women, The municipal corporation hopes to raise Rs. 658 crore from Octroi, Rs. 119.69 crore from property and other taxes, Rs. 67.59 from Services and facilities, Rs. 50 crore from Development Tax, Rs. 46 crore from other taxes, Rs. 68.12 crore from water cess, Rs. 112.73 crore through Simhastha and other grants, Rs. 300 crore through cash credit and bonds, Rs. 17 crore from taxes on constructions, Rs. 100 crore from NMC's 24 properties to be developed by the NMC for commercial purposes on BOT basis, Rs. 195 crore as compensation from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) that is handling the widening of the highway widening and the service rods, Rs. 30 crore tax from India Bulls. The total budget outlay is at Rs. 1,808.21 crore, which includes Rs. 171.19 crore on the administration for recovery of taxes, Rs. 49.45 crore for public safety, Rs. 215.87 crore for public health and facilities, Rs. 12.46 crore for public education, Rs.64.92 crore for water distribution management, Rs.71.47 crore for sewage treatment management, Rs. 3 crore for effluent treatment management, Rs. 67.90 crore to provide facilities to poor people in the city, Rs. 894.78 crore capital expense, Rs. 76.35 for overdrafts etc..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16259252", "title": "Panjab University : Where have all the eves gone?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Women constitute 70% of the student strength in Panjab University, but they hardly get a chance to chair the student council. The university has not seen a woman making her way to the post of the president of Panjab University Campus Students' Council in the last two decades.The pretty faces usually contest the vice-presidential post, which is considered less important than president and secretary's.So, why don't women get a ticket to fight president's poll. \"We do not field a woman contestant, as usually women are jealous of each other... they might not vote for a candidate of their own department. This has been our experience in the last five years,\" said Harpreet Multani, a SOPU leader.Paramjeet Singh Baath, a PUSU leader, said, \"Several girls who we ask to contest for the top post back out. They do not want to get involved in the muddle of student politics.\"The last few years have, however, seen the scenario undergoing a change. In 2010, Simarpal from SOPU contested for the post of secretary and won and a year later, Vibha of INSO (which had tied up with PUSU) from the same post.\" And there are some parties that often field \"fair\" candidates for the president's post. In the last five years, ABVP has thrice fielded a woman for the top post. And this time, Indian National Students' Organization has fielded Rita Ghail, an LLM student, for the top post. \"Girls must be brought to the forefront and this is the reason why INSO has decided to lead the poll campaign with female candidates,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16258576", "title": "August rally, Sept rains may see monsoon lose its deficit tag", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spurred by late rally and predictions of good showers till September 10, the monsoon is close to beating the deficit tag and could just about creep into the 90% of long period average (LPA) bracket.After August recorded close to 100% LPA rainfall, fears of an adverse impact of El Nino on September rains are receding and the Indian Meteorological Department is finally upbeat about the 2012 monsoon. The \"weak to moderate\" El Nino conditions have developed to late to impact the Indian monsoon significantly.Officials say that with good rain expected over most parts of the country over the next week or so, the overall deficiency at the end of the season should not be more than 10%.\"We predicted 96% LPA rain for August with an error margin of 9%. The month's rains came as a relief. There were expectations of the September rain being affected by El Nino conditions. These conditions are yet to develop in a way that they would affect the southwest monsoon,\" said IMD director general L S Rathore.With the El Nino threat failing to materialize, September is also expected to see better rain than earlier anticipated, Rathore said.On September 4, the monsoon deficiency was down to 11% over the country and experts said this would further decrease by at least 2-3% in the coming few days. \"Most parts of the country are expected to receive good rainfall. Not only will that decrease the deficiency, it also rules out the possibility of the monsoon withdrawal till then,\" said a senior Met official.The damage done to sowing of coarse grains in June-July is not likely to be undone, but rice sowing is almost at par. The current rains should be beneficial to the standing crop as well although the regional distribution of rainfall will count as much as the cumulative precipitation.With heavy showers in Rajasthan over the past week, northwest India is no longer the driest part of the country. Its shortfall till Tuesday was just 14%, marginally ahead of east and northeast India which are facing a deficiency of 15%.Saurashtra and Kutch remain the driest regions with a deficiency of 65%, followed by Punjab with a deficiency of 56%. Gujarat and the Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi region are deficient by 42% each.\"The normal date of the start of monsoon withdrawal is September 1 and by September 15, the monsoon should have withdrawn from parts of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and Gujarat,\" said a Met official.Till September 7, heavy, widespread rain is expected over the west coast, Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Rajasthan, Gujarat, interior Maharashtra, Karnataka, central India, western Himalayan region, northeastern states, sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim , Punjab and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16259545", "title": "Free training for SC, ST youth in entrepreneurship", "text": "Hubli: Micro, Small &amp; Medium Enterprises Development Institute, Hubli, will provide free training to unemployed youth belonging to the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe. Micro, Small &amp; Medium Enterprises Development Institute, ministry of Micro, Small &amp; Medium Enterprises, is organizing the six-week entrepreneurship skill development programme and certificate courses in milling, tool and cutter grinding and CNC milling. The training will begin in the second week of September on the premises of the institute on Gokul road in Hubli. Those aged between 18 and 40 and having a minimum qualification of SSLC can apply.Job opportunities Deputy director K Devaraj said as many as 14 students have registered their names to join the first batch which will start from next week. There are enough job opportunities in Hubli. The courses are aimed at avoiding labour problems and create entrepreneurship skills among youth, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16259154", "title": "Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd moves SC over mine closure", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL) moved the Supreme Court on Tuesday seeking a stay on the order of the state mining department asking it to close down six of its coal mines for not having environment clearance. Coal production has come to a standstill in these mines from Saturday after the company closed those after getting the notice.\"Out of the six mines, five are underground ones. Since we are a nationalized company, we follow all government guidelines. So we have no other option but to close down all six coal mines at Orient area in Jharsuguda's Belpahar after receiving the closure notice from the deputy director of mines. However, we have moved the apex court because we have already completed all formalities as per guidelines,\" a senior official of MCL said on Tuesday.According to him, the company is hopeful to get the stay as it is not at fault. \"We have already applied for clearance fulfilling all formalities but the application is pending with the department concerned since a long time,\" he said. He said earlier the apex court had directed the government to expedite the case submitted to the principal chief conservator of forests and forwarding the same to the ministry of environment and forests for stage-1 clearance.A MCL release said the company is losing huge revenue because of closure as the company produces coal to the tune 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes a day from these coal mines. \"This is not the question of loss. But 5,000 workers are sitting idle because of no work. If this continues for few days, then the workers will be morally down,\" the PRO of the company, Dikken Mehra said.The closure of the coal mines has affected the supply of coal to the thermal power stations leading to power crisis in the state. NTPC , OPGC and NALCO are facing difficulties in getting coal after the closure of the mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-05"}
