{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16335510", "title": "People's body urges witnesses to depose before panel probing corruption allegations against Modi govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) has appealed witnesses to come forward and depose before Justice M B Shah commission, which has been set up by the state government to probe into allegations of corruption by the chief minister Narendra Modi government.After making a din over alleged corrupt practices in allotting land to industrial houses, the opposition Congress decided to stay away from proceedings of the inquiry panel. This has practically left only two parties to submit their views over issues that the commission has been probing for last one year - PUCL and the state government.As none turns up to furnish evidence of government's alleged corruption, PUCL has in a statement appealed witnesses to appear before the commission. PUCL has recently requested the probe panel to summon Gandhinagar's district collector, concerned officers from revenue department, chief town planner and sarpanch of Koba gram panchayat besides the CEO of the company that has been allotted land at a very cheap price. However, PUCL's representatives found commission's view \"negative\" in this regard.PUCL has presented documents with its views regarding allotment of land to K Raheja Corp Pvt Ltd, Puri Foundation, Torrent Power Ltd, DLF and ICICI Bank Ltd. While making presentation with regard to land allotment to these companies, PUCL also raised an issue that the state government does not part with information about these land deals.Chief minister Modi had appointed this commission to probe corruption charges against the state government just days before the governor appointed retired high court judge, R A Mehta as Lokayukta. The complaints of corruption filed during last six years can be probed by Lokayukta, but since many of the cases were assigned to justice M B Shah commission to look into, the Lokayukta could not have taken cognizance of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328883", "title": "Kurien, the man behind Rajasthan Cooperative Dairy Federation", "text": "JAIPUR: The death of Verghese Kurien , known as father of India's White Revolution, reminds many in Rajasthan about his contribution to the formation of Rajasthan Cooperative Dairy Federation (RCDF). The formation of the federation later helped the state to have an organized production and distribution of milk from village to district level.Former chief secretary Dr M L Mehta, who was also agriculture and cooperatives secretary, had very fond memories of Dr Kurien. He termed him a visionary who helped the whole country to take cooperatives to a level where there should be less governmental interference.\"His unflinching faith in the cooperative model of growth also helped the state to form RCDF which was his concept. We actually owe it to him as being the founder chairman of National Dairy Development Board in the late 70s, he not only suggested us the idea but also funded extensively to have this 3-tier federation for the milk production and distribution,\" recalled Mehta on Sunday.After the formation of RCDF, now Rajasthan has village-level cooperative society, district-level milk union and state milk marketing and cooperative federation.\"He was always full of ideas and took the cooperative dairy movement to a level when government-run milk booths gave stiff competition to the private players in 70s and 80s,\" Mehta added.He added that during summer, when Rajasthan had scarcity of milk, Kurien ensured timely supply of milk powder for the RCDF to meet the contingency.\"My last meeting with him was in 2003 in a plane when he said that Rajasthan failed to write a success story in the cooperative dairy compared to Gujarat. He was very cordial and recalled everything what we did together in Rajasthan,\" Mehta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16329817", "title": "All's not well with Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Within two years of opening, the Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) at Nayagarh is on the verge of closure. Another KV at Cuttack may stop admission from the coming academic session owing to shortage of classroom space even as several newly opened KVs are struggling for lack of infrastructure. Run by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sanghatan (KVS) of the Union human resources development ministry, the Kendriya Vidyalay is among the most sought after schools in the state.KV-Nayagarh will remain closed for an indefinite period from Monday because the school now has no building after being evicted from its makeshift campus inside the Nayagarh College. \"We were forced to suspend classes for an indefinite period because there is no building to run the school. It's unfortunate,\" said school principal Purna Chandra Panda.Opened in 2010, the school has 179 students from class I to class VII. According to an agreement, the Nayagarh district administration arranged for temporary classrooms to run the school inside the college till the KVS created its own infrastructure on land to be given by the state government. The agreement with the college was for two years.Accordingly on August 35 this year, the college authorities asked the school to vacate their premises ahead of a National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) visit to the college. After some days of class disruption, the district administration arranged for some rooms inside Brajendra High School at Nayagarh to run the KV on September 3. After five days of classes there, the high school authorities told the school to suspend classes from Monday in view of the forthcoming matriculation supplementary examination of which it is a nodal centre.\"A school can not run in this on and off manner. We will rather close it till the district administration is able to provide a solution. Otherwise, KVS will shift the students to the nearest KV at Khurda Road, which is 70 km away and stop further admission in Nayagarh,\" said S K Behura, a member of the KVS-appointed team which went to Nayagarh to assess the condition earlier this week.KVS assistant commissioner S K Chokdar hoped a solution will emerge soon. \"I hope the district administration will be able to make suitable arrangement,\" said Chokdar. District collector Sarojkanata Choudhury could not be contacted for comment.But Nayagarh is not an isolated case where a KV is struggling for its existence. The KV 2 in Cuttack, which is running from the Government Press Building, may have to stop admission if it fails to get some more classrooms. \"The existing space is too small. I am afraid, if we don't get some more building space, we will have to stop admission from next year,\" said principal in-charge Nila Nipani. The school has sought another building of the Government Press, now occupied by the Text Book Bureau, which has not worked out so far.All the 17 KVs opened in 2010 are sharing buildings of other institutions temporarily. Most of them are yet to get physical possession of land supposed to be provided to them by the state government. In Bhubaneswar, the two new schools are functioning from the premises of two other state government-run schools. While KV 5 in Kalingar Nagar is operating from Govt. Boys High School Campus, Unit-IX, the KV 6 in Pokhariput is functioning from Jagamara UP School. Schools in Nuapada, Khariar, Nayagarh, Kendrapada, Murgabadi (Mayurbhanj), Kutra (Sundargarh) and Jajpur too are functioning from cramped buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "16329992", "title": "Sitamarhi hospital torched after woman\u2019s death", "text": "SITAMARHI: An irate mob comprising villagers and family members of one Sofia Khatoon, who died allegedly due to neglect by doctors, ransacked and set afire a portion of the emergency and obstetrics and gynaecological wards of Sitamarhi sadar hospital late Saturday night. They also roughed up the doctor on emergency duty, A P Jha, who had to flee taking advantage of darkness. Hospital furniture, TV, fridge, mattresses and some equipments were damaged in the fire.One Sofia Khatoon, 35, was admitted to the hospital for delivery on Saturday noon. She gave birth to a male child and was discharged the same evening. After reaching her native village Madaripur under Bajpatti block, she developed excessive bleeding and was once again rushed to the sadar hospital where she succumbed around 11pm. This angered her relatives and villagers who alleged she died due to neglect by doctors. They said no lady doctor was on duty from 8pm onwards at the hospital. Only two lady doctors are posted at the hospital.Sitamarhi DM A D Thakre and SP Vivek Kumar took stock of the situation in the night and an FIR was lodged by Dr AP Jha against two named persons and 25 unidentified ones. Police are probing the case but no one has been arrested so far, said the Town inspector.Civil surgeon Dr Om Prakash Panjiar could not be contacted on phone despite repeated efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333869", "title": "Rakeysh Mehra's mother passes away", "text": "Filmmaker Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's mother Annapurna passed away in Delhi after prolonged illness, family sources said today.Mehra lost his mother on September 8. The last rites were conducted in Delhi. She was 73, his spokesperson said in a statement.A prayer meet will take place today at Gurudwara, C Block, Defense Colony, in the capital between 4 to 5 pm.Mehra is best known for his films like Rang De Basanti and Delhi 6. He is presently working on his much talked about project Bhaag Milkha Bhaag featuring Farhan Akhtar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330643", "title": "Better-equipped graduates", "text": "Delhi University , amidst a number of changes and reforms proposed in the coming years by the administration, is focusing on producing better-equipped graduates . The recently introduced semester system, the Meta College and university concept, innovation courses and the proposed four-year degree programmes are efforts towards making the academic environment more student-oriented . In order to discuss the changing needs of the 21century, students and their future, a seminar on 'better graduates for better tomorrow' was organised by Pearson Education recently in the Capital. Faculty members from various colleges of the university raised their concerns on the undergoing and planned changes. The members discussed the challenges to a better education system as well as the increasing role of technology in the process. \"I think the ongoing transformation is for good. I believe the structure for higher education needs tremendous changes in India. We have to get global and adopt a flexible academic system. The semester system is better as it involves students in regular studies throughout the year unlike the annual mode in which they studied only twice a year. Also, the involvement of teachers with students is greater,\" said, Asha G Shankar, associate professor , department of mathematics, Laxmi Bai College. Adding to it, she said, \"The fouryear degree programme as proposed by the vice-chancellor is a welcome move. It will give students pursuing regular courses a better chance in the industry, as for example, engineering graduates have. Also, it helps if students wish to go abroad to study as it matches their criteria.\" The faculty members also addressed the role of technology in today's education system. While some colleges have smart classrooms and modern infrastructure, a number of colleges still have to manage with outdated systems. According to Ajay K Arora, principal , Deshbandhu College, the role of technology has become imperative in the present education scenario. Educational institutions will have to fast understand the technological needs of having proper labs, adequate equipment and access to internet , etc, so that our students do not lag behind. \"The university is doing a good job in introducing a number of reforms . Education has to go beyond boundaries of classroom teaching and rote-learning . Also, as being initiated by the VC, the students who have the highest stake in the system need to be consulted better. Even if their opinion is immature, it counts, as knowledge is not confined to age,\" he said. Today, students opt for higher education with clear goals and courses that enable them to get good employment . \"Our students need to imbibe the culture of life-long learning. People must be able to pursue their vocation at any age. Also, there is a problem of reaching out to the masses. In order to address a large section of people and their aspirations, a major upscaling of both quantity and quality is required in the education system as a whole,\" adds Anish Srikrishna , business head, higher education , Pearson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330066", "title": "Bengal couple in US custody row", "text": "KOLKATA: Barely a year after the Norway child custody case, yet another city couple has got embroiled in a bitter custody battle with a child protection agency in New Jersey, USA.The couple, who originally hails from Balurghat in North Bengal, is seeking custody of their one-year-old son Indrashis, who received multiple injuries following an accident. Even as the agency has held the couple responsible for the accident and restricted their access to Indrashish - now undergoing treatment at a New Jersey hospital - the couple has sought help from the Indian government to reunite them with their child.A New Jersey court suspects that Indrashis, who is now admitted at the Children's Specialized Hospital in New Jersey, was shaken violently by his mother which led to the injuries. According to a medical report, the child has suffered a subdural hematoma and a retinal clot due to \"intentional shaking\".Indrashish's parents - Debashish Saha and wife Pamela -claimed the child, while playing, had a sudden fall from the cot on August 9 and suffered the injuries.A CT scan, however, revealed that the child had suffered a subdural hematoma on an earlier occasion, too, leading to the suspicion that he was physically abused by the parents. The child protection agency thus wants to probe how the child fell from the bed. The agency has interrogated both Pamela and her husband Debashish, who works at IBM .\"Till they ascertain it, they wanted to keep our son in their custody. The court has also asked us to suggest names of relatives who could be given custody of the child,\" said Debashish Saha from New Jersey on Sunday. The court also mentioned that the baby suffered intentional shaking and that it was in favour of moving the baby away from the parents for safety.Debashish and Pamela, who shifted to New Jersey in mid-July, are now under a scanner. The parents fear that their son might be taken away by the US child protection agency, after the next hearing on September 14. Little Indrashis is now under the care of the child protection team at Children's Specialized Hospital in New Jersey.\"We spent our days in the hospital to be with our son. On August 21, we shifted him to the Children's Specialized Hospital, New Jersey. According to the doctors, he is recovering fast. Even on August 26, the first birthday of our son, we were there at the hospital. But on September 6, we were informed by the case workers of the agency that we needed to appear before the court on Friday. We were told by the court that we can't meet our son till the next hearing on September 14,\" Pamela said.She added that since they had gone to the court without alawyer, the New Jersey court refused to hear them. However, the court has asked them to get a lawyer by September 14. Apprehending that the child would be taken away from them and handed over to foster care, Saha said: \"The court has said we cannot meet our son except for two hours in this week, in the presence of a representative of a child protection team.\"Saha said that it is very expensive to hire a lawyer in the US, but he was still planning to hire one to represent them. \"We have already approached the Indian embassy for help and they have assured support.\"Meanwhile, Saha's father Nirmal Krishna Saha - a retired school teacher from Balurghat - is going to submit a memorandum to the President through the DM of South Dinajpur on Monday. He has sought help from the foreign ministry to win the custody of his grandson. Foreign minister SM Krishna said that he would look into the matter once he returns to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16330340", "title": "Twin tornadoes torment New York", "text": "NEW YORK: A tornado approaches the Breezy Point area of New York's Queens section on Saturday. Two twisters struck the outer edge of the city, hurling debris into the air and knocking out power but causing no serious injuries. The first hit a beachfront neighbourhood and the second, stronger tornado followed moments later about 10km away.The weather service had issued a tornado warning for Queens and Brooklyn. But the storm took people by surprise when it struck about 20 minutes later. \"I was showing videos of tornadoes to my 4-year-old on my phone, and two minutes later, it hit,\" said Peter Maloney. \"Just like they always say, it sounded like a train.\"Tornadoes are traditionally rare in the New York City area, but they have occurred with regularity in recent years. Saturday's twisters were part of a system of strong storms that pummeled the East Coast, flooding the streets of some New England towns and leaving tens of thousands in the dark in the Washington DC area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16336109", "title": "Rural police turn heat on gambling dens in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The local crime branch (LCB) under rural superintendent of police Manoj Kumar Sharma has been maintaining the momentum of crackdowns on the illegal activities in the remote localities of the district.In the drives undertaken, the LCB's focus has been on the gambling dens among the other anti-social activities. In the couple of actions undertaken so far, the LCB has busted a gambling den which was underway behind the garbs of land developers and trust at Hingna Town.The cops, in the raid earlier this month, had arrested a dozen people and seized materials worth Rs 8 lakhs which included 15 mobile phones, a four-wheeler and two bikes.Police said mastermind Anil Chanpurkar had started the office on the pretext of land developing and real estate business but was conducting a full-fledged gambling den. Rs 3.29 lakhs in cash was also seized during the action.A police official said that the amount of cash seized in the action show the magnitude of the illgal gambling activities that was underway.On the following day of the major raid, the LCB squad busted another den at Barispura in Kamptee, which is about 10km from the city limits. Around 16 people were arrested in the raid apart from seizure of cash Rs 20,000 from the place. A four-wheeler and another bike were also confiscated during the action.Apart from these two actions, LCB has also undertaken raids at different places targeting the gambling and black-marketing rackets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16335572", "title": "Gujarat HC asks Railways to give pension to temporary servant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has directed the Western Railway to pay pensioner penifits to a gangman after treating him 'temporary railway servant'.The court order fetching him invalid pension has come some 25 years after the authorities terminated his service finding him unfit for the job in 1987.Kodarbhai Ratnabhai began working as a gangman in 1974 and continuously served the railways till 1987, when he was sent for medical examination. He was found physically unfit for the job and asked to leave without any termination notice. The worker approached the tribunal, but it ruled against him.When he moved the high court in 2005, the division bench heard him and ruled in his favour. The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala asked the railways to calculate the amount of invalid-pension after taking into his 12 years of service as temporary railway servant. The amount is to be paid within two months with interest of 12%.The bench observed that the worker was transferred from place to place, which a casual labour cannot be subjected to. Moreover, Kodarbhai worked uninterruptedly for more than twelve years and thus he automatically acquired the status of temporary railway servant. \"Once we hold that Kodarbhai automatically acquired the status of 'temporary railway servant' by virtue of his continuous service as casual labour and has also been repeatedly transferred, we are of the view that he is entitled to get invalid-pension as the he was found to be physically unfit for discharge of his duties. The only restriction of granting invalid-pension as provided under Rule 616 of Chapter VI is that he must not be discharged from services on the grounds other than those provided in rule 608. In the case before us, the employer sought to terminate his services by invoking the ground of physical disability, a ground mentioned in rule 608 quoted above,\" the bench wrote in its order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330067", "title": "Civic body constructs idol immersion tank in Nag river", "text": "NAGPUR: Rarely is a decision or development work good as well as bad. In one such case, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has constructed a temporary idol immersion tank in the Nag river to prevent pollution of the water body. However, this step has violated the laws banning construction in a notified river.According to the policy effective from July 13, 2009, Nag river is one of the state's 20 notified rivers. The Nag river is notified from the waste weir point of Ambazari lake till its confluence with Kanhan river.The NMC constructed temporary idol immersion tank in the stretch between Ambazari lake weir and South Ambazari road. The water overflowing from the lake has been stopped by constructing a temporary weir type structure in three places. The immersion of idols will be allowed in this temporary tank from the second day of Ganeshotsav, which is on September 20.However, NMC has violated the law by constructing weirs in the river bed and also by stopping the river's main stream. Besides, the Nag river is being deprived of the fresh water it gets only for four or five days in a year, when the Ambazari lake overflows during monsoon. The fresh water cleans a lot of the filth and garbage in the river and on its banks every year, preventing many problems to some extent.However, NMC's move will be beneficial to some extent, if it gets response from citizens. A similar temporary idol immersion tank was constructed at the same place last year, though much smaller in size.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI the temporary arrangement will prevent pollution of lakes. \"Citizens immerse idols, including those made of PoP, in Ambazari and Futala lakes. NMC is constructing temporary tanks at many places to prevent pollution of water bodies and also to ease congestion at the lakes, especially Futala. Citizens from South-West Nagpur can immerse the idols at the temporary tank to avoid travelling long distance,\" he said.Ganvir also said that an iron-rod net will be installed at the opening of the underground pipe, to prevent flow of nirmalya into the river. \"Clay idols get dissolved but not those made of PoP. We will remove the PoP idols and dispose them off in a quarry. The devotees will get fresh water for immersion of idols. Besides, there is no flow of water in the river on this stretch. In fact, sewage flows into the river from residential areas. So, the decision is proper and beneficial in many ways,\" he said.Similarly, NMC is planning a temporary idol immersion tank at the overflow point of Sonegaon lake towards Sahakar Nagar. Ganvir said the work will be started once the water level in the lake goes down to some extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16329609", "title": "One Assam Rifles (AR) personnel killed, six injured in Manipur IED blast", "text": "IMPHAL: Rebels triggered a powerful IED explosion in the Kumbi area of Bishnupur district on Sunday morning, killing an Assam Rifles (AR) naik subedar and injuring six other personnel. The People's Liberation Army, the armed wing of the Revolutionary People's Front (RPF), claimed responsibility for the explosion.This is the third attack on security forces in less than a week in the state. Security has been beefed up in strategic areas following the attacks, and also in view of the panchayat polls slated for Thursday.The troops, belonging to 33 AR, were patrolling Kumbi Road when a powerful bomb went off at Kangshoibi Khongban village around 5.45am, sources said, adding the rebels might have used remote control to trigger the explosion. An AR jeep was also damaged badly in the explosion. Four of the six injured are critical.While the severely-injured jawans were flown to Leimakhong in an army helicopter, the others were rushed to a nearby hospital, the sources said. An operation has been launched in the area following the blast. Efforts to contact defence officials drew a blank, the sources said.On Wednesday, an IED exploded at Keishampat junction in Imphal city, injuring two AR personnel. In another incident, a jawan from the Army's 18 Sikh regiment and a civilian were hurt after a low-intensity bomb went off at Imphal airport road on Saturday. While the United National Liberation Front (UNLF) claimed responsibility for the Keishampat blast the RPF owned up to the airport road explosion.The two outfits, which are fighting to restore Manipur's past sovereignty, categorically said they will continue to attack \"Indian security forces\". The UNLF said it will even launch suicide missions if necessary and asked the people of the state to stay away from the \"Indian military\".The series of blasts came amid hectic canvassing for the ensuing panchayat polls in the four valley districts of Imphal West, Imphal East, Bishnupur and Thoubal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330248", "title": "Citizens object to rain dance approved by cops", "text": "NAGPUR: Sadar police had to intervene in an entertainment show-cum-competition in the ground of a reputed school on Sunday. A nearby citizen had complained to the control room about the 'rain dance' party.Sources said the interuniversity dance and miscellaneous entertainment had been okayed by the office of the deputy commissioner of police, Zone-II. Permission had been sought for the show between 11am and 6pm. However, the gathering of young boys and girls, with blaring music, left local residents annoyed. The sight of drenched youngsters coming out of the venue was also noticed by citizens, who informed the control room.PI Hemant Somwanshi of Sadar police station said they reached when the show was over and prize distribution was underway. \"There was no question of action, since the show had proper permission,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330505", "title": "Trinamool leader attacks Tolly actor, arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: A Trinamool leader was arrested on the charge of armed robbery at Tollywood star Soham Chakraborty's house. Police swung into action after chief minister Mamata Banerjee intervened and instructed Kolkata Police top brass for immediate action.Significantly, Abhijit Moitra alias Piklu - the accused leader - was held by police on Thursday night following an attack on the actor and his family members. According to sources, Moitra assaulted Soham, damaged his car and threatened him of dire consequences if he dared to protest. Moitra allegedly demanded money from the actor, which the latter refused to pay.However, police booked him under lenient sections after receiving calls from influential Trinamool leaders of Behala. On Friday, the Trinamool legal cell leaders swarmed to the police station to get Moitra bailed out. But once freed, Moitra attacked the actor again and went on a rampage at his home, holding Soham's family members at gunpoint. After the chief minister came to know about the incident, she personally called up the actor and assured justice.On Friday late night, police raided Moitra's house and arrested him. Charges of armed robbery were slapped on him. The Trinamool legal cell leaders, who rallied behind Moitra just a day ago, were conspicuously absent on Saturday. The accused was remanded to judicial custody till September 14.Abhijit runs a syndicate that literally rules the real-estate market on either side of the Joka-BBD Bag metro route. Police sources said that no real estate project gets through without the nod of Moitra, thanks to his proximity with an influential Trinamool leader of Behala. This made him so powerful that he virtually started to rule the Behala area. Even college elections in Behala used to be controlled by his men.It is learnt that Moitra has a shady background. Just three months ago, he was arrested for having been in touch with notorious extortionist Jishu, who is now in jail. Even on that occasion, he was bailed out by the influential Trinamool leader. It is believed Moitra plays an active role in extortion cases in Behala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16330003", "title": "Suspended civic body staff yet to receive charge memo", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Four months after the state government suspended six corporation staff for their alleged involvement in a tussle with the UDF councillors, the suspended staff are yet to be issued a charge memo, which would enable them to defend themselves on the issue.All the six employees have been receiving only 65% of their normal allotted monthly salaries since the suspension. \"The regular remittances are met from this truncated salary and what we get in hand is too insufficient to meet the daily needs. We are being victimized in the name of political rivalry,\" said one of the suspended staff.The staff pointed out that the government was purposefully delaying the issuance of charge memo. As per the norms, the suspended staff ought to be given charge memo. Following that they will be allowed to give their explanation on the series of events that led to their suspension. The explanation of the suspended staff can be either accepted or denied by the government.\"However, unless we are issued the charge memo, we will continue to be under suspension. In spite of bringing up the matter several times before the government, we have not been issued a charge memo,\" another staff said. The charge memo has to be issued by the urban affairs directorate. \"The officials who are supposed to give us charge memo have not responded so far. This is not fair on the part of the government,\" he added.It was in June the urban affairs directorate issued an order suspending six corporation staff for allegedly manhandling some UDF councillors. The incident that led to the suspension happened during a dharna staged by UDF councillors demanding the resignation of mayor K Chandrika. The councillors engaged in a tiff with the staff after the former had reportedly blocked the staff from entering the office. Police had also registered cases against the staff following the complaint filed by UDF councillors.Deputy mayor Happy Kumar said that the corporation is helpless with regard to the issuance of charge memo. \"Neither the mayor nor the corporation secretary suspended the staff. The urban affairs directorate ought to have issued the memo months ago. Since the period of suspension is indefinite, any further delay in the issuance of charge memo could make things difficult for the suspended staff,\" added Happy Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332795", "title": "Distributors demand compensation from Akshay Kumar", "text": "Distributors cite the superstar Rajinikanth's example, demand compensation from Akki for Joker's failure at the BOHe may have distanced himself from Joker, sealing its fate at the box office, but Akshay Kumar is now being pulled up for what distributors are labelling as unprofessional behaviour. With Joker tanking at the box office, distributors across the country are demanding compensation from Akshay, who was a co-producer for the film, for their losses.Reportedly, the film cost around Rs 55cr, satellite rights were sold for about Rs 14 cr and the estimated losses amount to Rs 20cr. Trade analyst Suniel Wadhwa said, \"The film was discontinued after the first week due to non-performance. Most distributors have lost nearly 60 per cent of their money.''Distributor Sunny Khanna, told us, \"The brand lost only because of Akshay's unprofessional behaviour and I definitely want compensation from him. He should learn from Emraan Hashmi, who is ready to promote an old film like Rush. Had Akshay promoted Joker, the film's business would've gone up by 40 per cent.\"South India-based distributor cited the example of Rajinikanth and said Akshay should refund the money the way Rajini did when his films flopped at the BO. Readers may recall that Rajini had agreed to pay back theatres 33 per cent of the amount for which his film Kuselan was sold in the Tamil Nadu territory.He also repaid distributors the money after another film Baba flopped. Ramesh Vyas, who distributed Joker in the CI (Central India) Circuit was of the same opinion.Delhi-based distributor Sanjay Ghai however said, \"If anyone has to compensate for our losses, it has to be UTV. Besides, distributors knew the fate of the film. One expected the film to have a good opening with Akshay riding high on Rowdy Rathore, which unfortunately did not happen.\"Despite repeated attempts, Akshay remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16329716", "title": "Ulfa hardliners own up to grenade blast", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Paresh Baruah faction of Ulfa hardliners in an email statement on Sunday claimed the responsibility for the grenade blast in the city's Paltan Bazar area on Saturday, which killed one CRPF personnel and wounded 13 others.The injured included three CRPF personnel and 10 civilians. There were three women among the wounded. The injured are now out of danger.At 7.45 pm on Saturday, ultras hurled a grenade at CRPF personnel who were on their way to Dimapur for training. Bhabani Singh (35), a constable of 67 Bn of the CRPF, was killed in the blast. The place of the blast is 20 metre away from the rear entrance gate of the Guwahati railway station and Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC) bus stand. The Paltan Bazar police station lies adjacent to the blast place. There are also a cinema hall and a taxi stand nearby.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who visited the blast spot and the injured at Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Sunday morning, admitted that the state government needs to re-plan its security measures.\"Our intelligence had inputs of such an attack. But the incident is very unfortunate. We need to reframe our security tactics,\" said Gogoi. The chief minister also promised to compensate the victims.Echoing Gogoi, Assam Police DGP J N Choudhury also stressed on beefing up security to avert such attacks. \"Measures have already been discussed to enhance security and avert such attacks,\" Choudhury said.A Paltan Bazar police officer said initial investigation revealed that the attacker came alone and executed the blast. \"We have already picked up some persons for interrogation. Initial investigation hinted that it might be the work of an individual ultra,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, forensic experts said it was a Chinese hand grenade and had been lobbed from a very close range. \"We found the pin and lever of the grenade very close to the crater created by the explosion. A pin is removed from the grenade before it is lobbed. Since we found the pin close to the spot, it reveals that the grenade was lobbed from a close distance,\" said an explosives expert of the state Forensic Science Laboratory.Police have increased checking on city roads since Sunday. \"It's a common sight. Every time the police fail to avert a militant attack, they start checking. But after a few days, the checking stops. If they had inputs, why couldn't they prevent the blast?\" asked Aditya Lahkar, a bank employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330322", "title": "Living the green dream", "text": "MANGALORE: For several green campaigners, their job ends when they plant a sapling. However, for 48-year-old Madhava Ullal, it is just a beginning. What makes Ullal different from the ilk is, he believes that tending and nurturing saplings into trees is the real act of creating green wealth.This green crusader has in the past 19 years planted over 9,000 saplings and distributed more than 20,000 among students and NGOs. He piously takes care of these saplings for the first three years by watering them once in every 15 days. He takes the help of various organizations for water supply.A pygmy collector by profession, he spends about Rs 40,000 from his pocket to buy saplings from the nurseries of forest department and to transport them to various locations for planting. Interestingly, he plants only flowering and fruit-bearing trees like mango , hibiscus and cashew. He has dedicated four months from June every year for his green mission.According to Madhava, finding a place to plant a tree is the most time-consuming act as rapid urbanization of the coastal city has taken away every bit of land. The situation is so grave that he sometimes plants his saplings in graveyards.Even though, his education qualification is SSLC, he has acquired in-depth knowledge in botany and environmental issues from green experts.\"Since the day I can remember I was attracted to nature and fascinated by wildlife and environment. It was the burning issue of global warming , that made me realize the need to plant trees and protect them for the coming generations,\" said Madhava.Madhava is planning to open a nursery soon. \"I am not aiming at making money. I will plant the saplings grown here in different places. If someone helps me start a nursery, it would be very helpful, because I am finding it hard to raise the money all by myself,\" said Madhava, who believes that conducting seminars and workshops to create awareness about environmental issues is a waste of money and time.Madhava has received 158 awards from various organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328357", "title": "Finally, air pollution monitoring system ready", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon's pollution department has spent over a crore to acquire the new ambient air quality monitoring system, the installation of which has already missed several deadlines. The project was first announced in January 2011, and is yet to see the light of day. The most recent hitch occurred when the monitoring system, set up outside Vikas Sadan, got damaged in a storm, and had to be sent for repairs.\"A tree branch had fallen on the monitor outside. Although we have sorted the problem out and got it fixed now,\" said Rajesh Kumar Garhia, scientist at the department, who is overseeing the installation work. He said that the monitoring system, which arrived some time ago from France, has also been subjected to trial runs for around 22 days in the past month.\"The calibration of the whole system takes time. After the 22 days of trial runs, we were able to get precise results. Now, we are just waiting to put up the machine and set up a satellite link,\" he added.The results recorded by the monitoring system will also be uploaded on the department's website in real time. \"The system shows us accurate readings for wind direction, humidity, weather conditions, and the volume of harmful contents in the air. It is therefore crucial for a city like Gurgaon, where there are so many industries and where the number of cars are daily going up,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334894", "title": "Salman Yusuff beaten by cops!", "text": "Ace choreographer Salman Yusuff Khan, popularly known as Isha Sharvani and Yana Gupta's dancer partner on dance reality show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa was assaulted yesterday when he was returning from Filmistan Studios at 2.30 am after returning from his technical rehearsals!As Salman's car had gone for maintenance, the dancer and choreographer was traveling by an auto rickshaw with his assistant when suddenly the rickshaw driver started speeding. Somehow Salman and his assistant managed to jump of the speeding rickshaw. Within minutes, the cops in the nearby vicinity walked up to Salman who showed them the direction of the speeding rickshaw. The cops chased the rickshaw driver on their bike only to return to Salman. What followed was mayhem! The cops broke the windshield of the rickshaw with their lathi and when Salman tried to protest the bizarre behaviour, he was beaten.A shocked Salman reacts, \"I was horrified. This rickshaw driver was trying to zoom away and when I called the cops, he started beating me, hitting and slapping me and hit my hand hardly. We went to the Goregaon police station and they refused to lodge a complaint against the cop who beat me. What's worse, I knew he was intoxicated and I insisted on a breathalyzer, but they refused! I was finally taken to a government hospital where the doctor gave a clean chit to the cop without even conducting a test. When I protested, I was told I would have to go to Kalina. I had no choice but to call the media. I went to Mr. Himanshu Roy who has promised me justice! The height of the matter is that I have learnt that the cop who beat me has lodged an FIR against me! I'm heading for a meeting with the additional commissioner of police who handles the entire north region, to fight for my right. I will not keep quite or take things lying down\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329945", "title": "\u201840% drop in workers\u2019 migration\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Much to the delight of Nitish Kumar-led government, the large-scale migration of unskilled workers from the state has now been significantly arrested, substantially.\"At present, the fall in migration of unskilled workers from Bihar to other states is around 35 to 40%. It is a very big figure. In fact, the trend that had become visible a couple of years ago just carried on and now stands around 40% of the total migration of unskilled workers,\" labour resources department (LRD) minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal said.An earlier study on workers' migration from the state had put the decline to more than 30% taking 2005 as the base year. \"Two years ago, a study conducted by LRD found 30% fall in workers' migration from Bihar to other states. The ongoing development process initiated by CM Nitish, along with social security and other measures, like increase in minimum wage, initiated for the welfare of unskilled workers, has further brought migration down,\" said former LRD principal secretary Vyasji under whose tenure the study was conducted.According to Vyasji, the normal push factors (lack of economic opportunities, social or political conflictpersecution, uncertain work environment, among others) and pull factors (availability of job and work opportunities, social and political freedom, and relatively favourable work environment, among others) propelled migration of people, including of unskilled workers. \"However, in Bihar, there was also a distress factor - anxiety for food to live and survive - which caused migration from the state,\" he added.The distress factor was mostly noticeable in Saharsa, Supaul and Madhepura districts in Kosi division and Purnia, Katihar, Kishanganj and Araria districts in Purnia division. A few other districts that added to the core area included Madhubani and Sitamarhi districts. The entire area makes the flood ravaged zone in the state.Moreover, reports from the country's 'bicycle capital' Ludhiana in Punjab say that around 5,000 units manufacturing premium and other brand of bicycles and their spare parts have been facing around 50% shortage of workers who used to be people from Bihar. Despite incentives like free mobile phones and bicycles to them and motorcycles to labour contractors, along with rise in their wages from Rs 3,500 to around Rs 6,000, the Bihar workers started shying away from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329740", "title": "Eye camp in village near IIT-Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: An eye camp was organized at Vivekananda Vidyalaya, run by Jagriti Shiksha Samiti at Lodhar village near IIT-Kanpur, on Sunday. The camp was planned by students of IIT Kanpur in association with volunteers from Shiksha Sopan, an NGO working for education of underprivileged children and Ramakrishna Mission Hospital. Student volunteers from IIT-K, CSM University and faculty members of Vivekananda Vidyalaya participated in it.Ophthalmologist Anju Mishra and her team examined over 160 patients from the village. Free consultation and medicines were given to the patients. Around 90 patients were given spectacles at subsidized rate and six cases of cataract were identified. They would be operated at Ursula Hospital free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330275", "title": "How to gain from debt funds", "text": "Indians will go to any lenths to save tax. They buy low-yield traditional insurance policies or take additional medical cover as long as it cuts their tax. But this zeal to dodge the taxman is missing when they invest in debt instruments. Bank deposits and small savings schemes get a big chunk of the household savings pie, while tax-efficient debt funds make do with crumbs. Debt schemes account for barely 5% of total fund investments by retail investors. This minuscule allocation to debt funds is despite the huge tax advantage and other benefits that these schemes offer. While the interest earned on deposits and bonds is added to your income and taxed at the applicable rate, the income from debt funds held for more than one year is treated as long-term capital gain and taxed at a lower rate. This is a bonanza for anybody with a taxable annual income of over 10 lakh. Instead of paying 30% tax on interest from fixed deposits, he can pay only 10% tax on long-term capital gains from debt funds. The tax could be even lower if he opts for the indexation benefit, which adjusts for inflation during the holding period. Delhi-based Pankaj Gulati is salting away money in dynamic bond funds for his retirement and investing in short-term debt funds for his daughter's marriage in the next two years. \"Debt funds offer a tremendous tax advantage to the investors in the highest tax bracket,\" he says. It's not surprising then that deep-pocketed investors such as Gulati are the ones flocking to debt funds. Of the total 18,300 crore invested by individuals in debt schemes, small investors account for only about 2,850 crore. The rest comes from high net worth individuals (HNIs). \"HNIs are showing a lot of interest in debt funds. They clearly see the tax benefits of these schemes,\" says Harshendu Bindal, president, Franklin Templeton India.Tax haven for investorsThe lower tax rate on capital gains, for instance, is just one of the benefits of these schemes. A major draw is that you can indefinitely postpone your tax liability by investing in debt funds. The interest income is taxable on an annual basis, irrespective of the time that you actually get it. You need to pay tax on the interest accruing on a cumulative fixed deposit or a recurring deposit even though the instrument has to mature in 5-10 years. On the other hand, your investments in debt funds will not be taxed till you withdraw them. So these funds are the best way to invest in your child's name. When you put the money in your minor child's name, the income from the investment is treated as that of the parent who earns more. But if the funds are redeemed after the child turns 18, the gains will be treated as his income, not yours. Besides, you can set off losses from other assets against the gains from these schemes. If you had booked short-term losses on stocks and equity funds when the markets slumped in December 2011, you can adjust them against the gains from your debt fund investments till 2019-20 .High on liquidityApart from these tax advantages, debt funds also offer a higher liquidity and more flexibility than a bank deposit. If you redeem before 3 pm, the money is in your account the next day (see graphic). When you invest in a fixed deposit, you lock up money for a certain period. The deposit can be broken any time, but you end up sacrificing returns. There is usually a small penalty to be paid when you withdraw prematurely. Some debt funds also levy an exit load, but most liquid funds and ultra short-term funds do not have exit loads.Investment flexibilityThe other advantage is the flexibility and ease of investment. You can invest as much as your pocket allows. Unlike small savings schemes such as PPF and Senior Citizens' Savings Scheme, there is no limit to how much an individual can invest in debt funds. Besides the convenience of SIP investing and systematic transfers and withdrawals make things easier for the investor. Your choice of debt fund depends on how soon you will need the money. Keep in mind that you can also lose money in debt funds. \"If you enter a long-term gilt fund at the wrong time of the interest rate cycle, it will take a long time for you to recover your money,\" warns Rajesh Krishnamoorthy, managing director of Fundsupermart .com. Short-term debt funds are relatively safe bets and can give stable returns comparable to those from fixed deposits. \"Short-term funds that focus on accrual income are the best bet in the current volatility of interest rates,\" says Raghav Iyengar, head of retail &amp; institutional business , ICICI Prudential AMC. Income funds are a little volatile, while long-term funds can gyrate wildly. \"When investing in a debt fund, keep in mind the liquidity of your portfolio, the quality of holdings in the fund, its risk-adjusted performance and the track record of fund manager,\" says Nandkumar Surti, managing director and CEO of JP Morgan Asset Management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328530", "title": "It was a fun race: Michael Schumacher", "text": "NEW DELHI: Michael Schumacher signed off with a sixth place on possibly his final appearance at the Monza. Schumacher is slowly turned turning around his season with his fifth finish in his last six races.The sixth place was one of the best results of the season for the Mercedes GP driver while his teammate Nico Rosberg ended at seventh place at the Italian Grand Prix . The seven-time world champion was hoping that the Monza result would be the turn-around point of the season.\"It was a fun race today - although I must admit that, following our performance on Friday, I had secretly hoped we would be able to move up the field. But we had a tricky first stint. After that, everything went really well, we were on the pace and I think we showed a clear upwards trend today,\" Schumacher said at Monza on Sunday.\"I kind of ran out of laps this afternoon and, if the race had been a bit longer, I'd have been able to battle even further forward. Overall, though, we got everything out of it today. Now we need to keep this trend going - and everybody in the team is working hard on it,\" the 43-year-old driver said.His German teammate Rosberg felt the seventh place was an improvement in his form. \"Seventh place is an improvement on my recent finishes so I'm satisfied with that today, although there may have been potential for more. I had no grip on my option tyres in the first stint, which were the same set that gave me problems in Q3,\" Rosberg felt.\"After the first stop, I had very good pace and was able to set a few fastest race laps and move up the field with some nice overtakes. It's nice to have had a better finish to a race weekend and I'm looking forward to more of the same in Singapore in a couple of weeks,\" Rosberg, who set the fastest lap of the race in the final lap, added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16331397", "title": "Nothing official about it", "text": "Five months after the Supreme Court (SC) made it mandatory for all private schools in Delhi and the National Capital Region (NCR) to follow the Right to Education (RTE) Act 2009 from the new academic session starting from 2013, schools in the region still have little clarity on its implementation .Most schools in Noida , Gurgaon and Ghaziabad started the registration process in August, while admissions were due to begin in September. Only in April, the apex court notified that all the schools \u2014 private and aided, would have to hold admissions based on the RTE guidelines. As per the Act, all schools except unaided minority institutions, will have to reserve 25% seats for students belonging to the economically weaker sections in the neighbourhood. Unlike Delhi, in which the nursery admissions open only in January, schools in the NCR region have begun the admission process even as they have not received any formal notification from the authorities in the region.According to NN Nayyar, principal, Apeejay School, \"Registration of students is in process, while admissions will start in another 15 days. As of now, we have not received any circular regarding the nursery admission guidelines from the Uttar Pradesh government. It is difficult to say right now, what procedure we will be following for the admissions.\"However, a number of schools in Noida and Gurgaon are awaiting the official order before they proceed with their pre-school admissions. \"We are going to have a meeting with the principals of various schools in the region to discuss the guidelines. We will be advertising for admissions shortly,\" says Kamini Bhasin, principal, DPS Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16330177", "title": "Grave danger to Thackeray's tomb", "text": "DHARWAD: A country without a memory is a country of madmen, said philosopher and novelist George Santayana . The apathy of the civic body in Hubli-Dharwad towards the grave of late British officer Thackeray compels one to ponder over these famous lines once again. The systematic encroachment of the graveyard's site at Manikilla in Dharwad by a slaughterhouse has spelt veritable doom to the tomb, which has a lot of historical significance attached to it. However, the HDMC has turned a blind eye to the grave issue.British collector Thackeray was killed at the hands of Amatur Balappa, an aide of Rani Chennamma, the queen of the princely state of Kittur. Those were the early years of India's war cry against the British. The queen led an armed rebellion against the imperial rule in 1820's, much before the 1857 war of independence. Thackeray's death shook the British Raj, which, in retaliation, destroyed the whole kingdom of Kittur and also captured and saw an end queen Chennamma.Officer Thackeray was buried with full military honours in the Manakilla area, which was hitherto an exclusive European cemetery. His tomb instills a historical sense among the citizens and imparts a lesson in history to the students of the region. However, for the present-day rulers, all this seems to hold no meaning. Their lackadaisical attitude has almost erased the monument, which is now surrounded by bones and carcasses of animals thrown by mutton shops and the huge slaughter house in the area.The slaughterhouse at Manikilla has encroached upon the graveyard, utilizing it for dumping flesh, bones and other animal waste. The stink and filth is so abominable that one cannot even step inside the site and reach the exact site of the tomb. The slaughterhouse has also been a source of pollution in the entire area, where a number of schools, a temple, a mosque and APMC stalls selling food grains are located. Protests by school children and members of several voluntary organizations against the unhygienic environment prevailing in the area have not yielded any results so far.The drift and deterioration have not occurred overnight. But the entire issue came into focus nine years ago when the Dharwad-based Uttar Karnataka Rashtreeya Sanskrutika Sansthe (UKRSS) raised a hue and cry.The issue of neglect was also raised in the past only to be ignored by the powers-that-be. No action has been taken by the HDMC in protecting the graveyard area from encroachers and preventing it from being a dump yard.Interestingly, the site belongs to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). The UKRSS has taken up the issue of relocating the area with the British Embassy. Another misgiving over the grave of Thackeray is that the monument located at the Kittur Chennamma park on Belgaum road in Dharwad is the grave of the collector.The inscriptions on the gravestone were covered by zinc sheets when the people of Kittur objected to the inscriptions which reportedly hailed Thackeray and described him as a 'martyr for the British cause'.The UKRSS quoting historian V G Marihal says that the monument at the Kittur Chennamma park was built by British in 1826 in memory of Thackeray. The UKRSS is now demanding conversion of the graveyard site into a place that explains the glory and valour of Kittur Chennamma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16335861", "title": "Long lay-off hasn't taken a toll on my skills: Balaji", "text": "CHENNAI: Comeback man Lakshmipathy Balaji feels that his absence from international cricket for past three years hasn't made him rusty and he is putting in yards under bowling coach Joe Dawes as India prepare to take on New Zealand in the 2nd Twenty20 international on Tuesday.\"The long lay-off did not rust my skills in any way. It's been a competitive three years in IPL and Ranji Trophy as well as some other first-class matches,\" the soft-spoken Tamil Nadu skipper told mediapersons during a pre-match conference on Monday.Balaji stressed that he is working hard under bowling coach Dawes and would like to work on his \"strengths\" and stick to his natural game.\"He (Dawes) has been working on my strengths. I have to recreate what comes to me naturally,\" he added.Balaji didn't endorse the notion that India will be short of match practice ahead of the World Twenty20 starting in Sri Lanka from September 18.\"We have two warm-up matches in the run up to the World Twenty20 and we have been training very hard,\" Balaji said.Since he had come for the press conference, the inevitable question cropped up whether he will be in the playing XI and Balaji was non-committal.\"I have no idea about the composition of the playing XI for tomorrow's match.\"Although he had been away from the Indian dressing room for past three years, he said that atmosphere is still the same and everyone has been very \"warm in welcoming him.\"\"I had played under different captains before and now. Every player has always been nice and warm in the dressing room.\"The medium pacer said that for him the most important thing is giving his hundred percent.\"Every match is important. It's an honour to represent your country and I am looking forward to deliver 100 per cent on the day. For past three years, ever day I would get up and tell myself that I have to play for the country,\" Balaji said.Balaji also assured that there are no injuries in the side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330470", "title": "Youth killed in fight over TV channel", "text": "KOLKATA: A Trinamool Congress supporter was allegedly murdered by another party worker in Rajarhat on Saturday night following a heated argument over selection of television channels. led to a bloody fight between two Trinamool Congress worker in Rajarhat on Saturday night. One of them died on the spot.The accused has gone missing since Saturday night.Sources said a group of local youths were watching television at the local TMC party office near Langolpota's Mateghachha. After some time, most of the youths left the place, but Sabir Ali Molla (24) and Rezzak Molla kept watching the TV. Around midnight, the two started quarrelling over selection of the channels. A heated argument followed and they switched off the TV. led the two to switch off the television set.Sabir was about to leave for home and had just walked out of the office room, when Rezzak attacked him with a bamboo stick. Hearing Sabir's screams for help, locals rushed to the spot and found him lying in a pool of blood. Sensing trouble, Rezzak also fled. Locals found Sabir lying in a pool of blood with a battered head.Sabir was first rushed to the nearby Patharghata primary health centre from where he was referred to Barasat district hospital. He succumbed to his injuries within minutes of being admitted to the hospital. Locals said that before dying, Sabir told them that he was attacked by Rezzak.Sabir's family has lodged a complaint against Rezzak on Sunday. A team led by inspector-in-charge Sukumar Chatterejee went to the spot and spoke to the locals. Police are trying to trace Rezzak. Locals said that both of them are TMC workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329734", "title": "Two crushed by train near Vapi, three missing", "text": "SURAT: Two persons were crushed under Indore-Pune Express on Daman Ganga Railway Bridge near Vapi on Saturday. Three others had jumped into the river to save their lives. However, their whereabouts were still not known.Railway authorities were informed by the train driver about the accident. He said two persons were crushed under the train when it was crossing Daman Ganga Bridge and that three others had jumped into the river.One of the deceased has been identified as Madhav Sharan Dixit of Kimoli, Khirol, Barabanki in Uttar Pradesh. Identification of the other victim is yet to be done. Relatives of Dixit informed police that he might have come to Vapi in Avadh Express for a job. His relatives work in Surat, Vapi and Umargam.Railway authorities and police believe that five people might have got down from Avadh Express somewhere near Vapi. To reach the other end of the river, the victims chose a shortcut and started walking on the bridge which proved fatal for them. It is feared that those who had jumped into the river might have drowned in Daman Ganga river.Train operations were affected on Saturday morning because of this incident and nine trains were delayed.In February 2008, at least 16 people got crushed on railway track between Udhna and Surat railway station in the city. All the victims belonged to Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16329976", "title": "A visionary who fathered the Amul baby", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Syrian Christian who could not speak Gujarati found it difficult to find a paying guest accommodation when he first reached the city of his destiny, Anand. But soon, Verghese Kurien would turn the small Gujarat town into the heart of India's white revolution. In the process, Kurien would also stitch together a cooperative movement of millions of women and farmers into owning a brand which generations of Indians would be unable to forget \u2014 Amul.His model of cooperative dairy development today links over 10 million farmers at 200 dairies across India producing over 20 million litres of milk every day \u2014 a feat many other countries have copied but never at the same scale of success.Kurien had left a lucrative job to join a small-time dairy cooperative in Anand in 1949. At that time, the cooperative he joined managed just a few hundred litres of milk a day. By the time Kurien was ready to hand over the baton in 2006, the Amul brand was selling over 90 lakh litres a day. Awarded the Padma Vibhushan, Magsaysay Award besides numerous other accolades, Kurien gained respect and space to run the cooperative movement as he knew best. \"His greatest contribution was to give a position of pre-eminence to the farmer and his or her interests rather than those of middlemen,\" PM Manmohan Singh said.Kurien, born in Kozhikode in 1921, leaves behind a legacy that outstrips his image as India's milkman. This extraordinary agent of social transformation as chairman of the National Dairy Development Board began 'Operation Flood' that spanned 26 years and eventually ushered in the white revolution. He began it all by turning buffalo milk into milk powder: a feat that experts worldwide at that time thought was not possible.His model of cooperatives spun networks of farmers that first brought milk from Gujarat to Mumbai and then hooked up farmers across several states into the milk revolution. The business multiplied in areas beyond milk \u2014 bringing a sense of ownership and control to farmers. The success of 'Operation Flood' led to 'Operation Goldenflow' which replicated the Amul model in the edible oil business linking more than a million farmers yet again. Many developing countries replicated the success of Amul over time with experts pouring into Anand to learn how communities could be empowered through Kurien's mantras.Kurien also set up the Institute of Rural Management, Anand, which has produced some of the best brains working on rural development and remains a unique institution.It would be hard to find the right phrase to fit Kurien \u2014 an entrepreneur of world repute, a genius or as Nobel laureate Norman E Borlaug remembered him, \"one of world's great agricultural leaders of this century\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16329563", "title": "Saurashtra University's youth fest starts today", "text": "RAJKOT: Saurashtra University (SU) will host a three-day annual youth festival from Monday. Minister of state for women and child development Vasuben Trivedi and Rajkot district panchayat president Hansaben Pargi will be present on occasion.\"The festival has been named 'Swami Vivekanand Youth Festival'. Swami Sarvasthanad from Ramkrishna Ashram of Rajkot will be present,\" SU registrar R G Parmar said.Parmar said at least 3,719 students from 109 colleges in Rajkot, Surendranagar, Jamnagar, Junagadh, Porbandar and Amreli districts will take part in various competitions during the festival.\"At least 32 competitions in the categories of literature, art and culture will be held,'' said an SU official.The event used to be held in two different zones in Saurashtra earlier. However, from this year on, the event is being organized in Rajkot city only.\"During the youth festival, students will get a chance to showcase their talent by participating in different competitions. Youth festival provides students with the best platform,'' said vice-chancellor Dr Mahendra Padaliya.The festival will be divided into three categories. Literature will have five competitions in which 572 students will participate. Around 447 students will compete in nine events in the art category. The cultural category will see the most number of contests and participants at 18 and 2,700 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16330181", "title": "Isro's PSLV-C21 creates historic landmark", "text": "CHENNAI: India's space odyssey crossed a historic landmark when a Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C21) put two foreign satellites in orbit on Sunday in the Indian Space Research Organization's 100th mission.At the end of a 51-hour countdown that started on Friday, PSLV-C21 lifted off at 9.53am. After 17 minutes and 49 seconds, it injected the first satellite, France's SPOT-6, into orbit. Seconds later it put the Japan's Proiteres in orbit. The launch was scheduled at 9.51am but was delayed by two minutes after India's Inertial Navigation System, which guides rockets and helps them put satellites in orbits with pinpoint precision, relayed an alert of a possible collision with space debris.After a perfect launch, as the rocket roared into space, there was a minor scare. Scientists watched anxiously as the trajectory of the rocket on giant screens at the mission control room showed it deviate slightly mid-flight. But its course was soon corrected and it followed the flight plan flawlessly before inserting its payload into orbit.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who was present at the launch, congratulated the scientists immediately after mission director Kunhi Krishnan announced at 10.14am that the launch was a success. \"India is justly proud of its space scientists who have overcome many odds to develop our own technology for space missions,\" the PM said.Isro began its space programme in 1975 with the launch of its first satellite Aryabhata. With Sunday's launch, Isro completed its 100th successful mission. It has so far launched 62 Indian and 29 foreign satellites from Sriharikota and foreign launch pads.The organization already has its sights set on its next assignment, the Mars Orbiter Mission on August 3, 2012 for its proposed launch in 2013, after receiving approval from the Union cabinet.A jubilant Isro chief K Radhakrishnan said Vikram Sarabhai's space dreams had come true. \"These are moments of extreme pride and happiness,\" he said. \"India's space expeditions are for the betterment of society, not to compete with other countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16329850", "title": "Gun runner held in city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday arrested an arms dealer for allegedly smuggling in guns to Bhubaneswar from Jharkhand. The accused was identified as Sangram Kishore Nath (46) of Bhimtangi in Bhubaneswar's Old Town area.Police seized six country-made pistols and nine bullets from him. Sources said Nath had been involved in arms smuggling after jumping parole in 2010. \"We will interrogate him to elicit information on other gun smugglers in the city,\" said DCP Nitinjeet Singh.Nath was convicted in 2008 to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment for smuggling narcotics. \"He jumped parole in 2010 and absconded. He used to procure pistols from Jharkhand and supply them to criminals in Bhubaneswar and nearby areas,\" ACP (Zone-V) Bishnu Mishra said.Sources said Nath used to buy country-made pistols, revolvers and sophisticated 9mm pistols from his sources in Jharkhand. His business was going great guns as he used to charge Rs 5,000 per country-made gun and Rs 13,000 per revolver with six rounds.Firing incidents are rise in the city with pistols easily available in the black market. Eight shooting incidents rocked the state capital in the last eight months leaving the commissionerate police in a spot of bother. While a man was shot dead in Unit-VI area on August 22, miscreants resorted to blank firing in a bar in Laxmisagar area on July 21. Panic gripped Samantarapur area in Bhubaneswar after unidentified miscreants resorted to blank firing on August 27 evening. Sources said that the goons shot several rounds in air after some locals foiled their snatching bid in the locality. A Plus III student was shot at and injured near Keshari theatre on June 23. Earlier, a call centre girl was injured after being shot by miscreants in Mancheswar area on April 13. Outlaws fired at a smalltime trader in Airfield area on April 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16330104", "title": "Multi-drug resistant TB looms over Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The most feared form of drug-resistant tuberculosis has arrived in Chennai. Doctors at the National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis (NIRT) in Chennai report that they have since July treated a few TB patients who did not respond to any of the existing antibiotics for the disease. Some of the patients have died.Researchers say they cannot as yet provide specific number of cases or the percentage of TB patients with the deadly strain of the disease, advanced extensively drug resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB ). They say that they are still screening patients and analysing the results, but the institute confirmed instances of the strain.\"We have seen more than a dozen cases in Tamil Nadu since July. It makes TB treatment extremely difficult,\" said NIRT director Soumya Swaminathan. Cocktail of antibiotics can cure TBChennai: Tuberculosis, caused by the organism Mycobacterium tuberculosis, can be fatal but is curable with a cocktail of antibiotics. But new strains of the organism with multi-drug resistance, which have surfaced in many places across the globe, have left physicians dreading the possibility that a TB 'superbug' could prove completely resistant to all drugs currently available.When patients are resistant to the first line of treatment, they are labelled multidrug resistant (MDR-TB ). Such people are given the second line drugs that are more expensive and have greater side-effects . Patients who become resistant to second line of drugs fall into the extensively drug resistant (XDR-TB ) category.While India has data on MDR-TB and XDR-TB , there has been no agreement on the new drug resistant strain. A group of Mumbai doctors who first found the strain in January 2012 call it totally drug resistant (TDR) tuberculosis, but WHO prefers to identify it as an advanced stage of extreme drug resistance (XDR+).Scientists unanimously agree that the strain is as deadly as a superbug. Since July , NIRT has been screening patients in three districts of northern Tamil Nadu \u2014 Chennai, Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram \u2014 for the totally drug resistant strain. Patients who failed the first line of treatment , those who dropped out of the programme , HIV-infected people and those who had a relapse of the bacterial infection were tested for drug resistance. The results, they said, were as expected.The Centre will soon begin a nationwide survey to determine the incidence of the most complicated strain of tuberculosis, advanced extensively drug resistant tuberculosis(XDR-TB). The National Institute of Tuberculosis in Bangalore is drawing up a protocol for the survey which will be conducted by three government-run institutes in the country. When the first instances of the strain, which is resistant to all known antibiotics, being detected in India were reported in Mumbai in January, the government went into denial mode. After doctors across the country said they had treated TB patients who did not respond to drugs, the government confirmed that the drug-resistant strain had arrived in India.\"We cannot say it is totally drug resistant,\" said Dr Ashok Kumar who heads the revised national TB control programme in India. \"We only have piecemeal information now. We need comprehensive data. That's why we are planning a nationwide survey.\"The survey will be carried out by National Institute of Tuberculosis , Bangalore, National Institute for Tuberculosis Research , Chennai, and LRS Institute of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases, Delhi. Tuberculosis is a bacterial disease caused by the organism, Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Advanced extensively drug resistant TB (usually abbreviated to XXDR TB or XDR TB) is also referred to as totally drug resistant TB. This strain is resistant to all first and second line TB drugs.In 2007, Italy reported two cases of XXDR TB in 2003. Earlier this year, infectious diseases expert Dr Zarir Udwadia of Hinduja Hospital, Mumbai, found a dozen cases that were totally resistant to known drugs. \"We have little to offer these patients except for drastic surgery and medication for relief ,\" he said.St John's National Academy of Health Sciences, Bangalore, has reported three such cases and All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, has had two. Experts said many of these patients had received erratic, unsupervised second line drugs in incorrect doses from multiple practitioners.NIRT director Soumya Swaminathan said that though many doctors had clinically confirmed such cases, the strain's \"total drug resistance\" is difficult to confirm in a lab. \"Adequate tests have not been done to draw conclusion that the strain is drug resistant,\" she said. \"This is a reason why WHO does not call it totally resistant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332290", "title": "Prithviraj defends being called \u2018kaalu\u2019", "text": "When Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan , who played a south Indian, mixed yoghurt (or curd) in noodles and had it for dinner in Ra.One many south Indians cringed. B-Town seems to have numerous stereotypes about south Indians, one of them being them binging on curd and curd rice. This created a frenzy of discussion online. The latest stereotype, as shown in the Prithviraj-Rani Mukherjee flick Aiyaa, has created a buzz, albeit negative, on social networking sites.The trailer of Aiyaa shows Rani talking about wanting a 'kaalu' or dark guy and right in walks Malayalam star Prithviraj, who is nowhere near dark. Ask Prithviraj about this Bollywood sterotype of portraying south Indians as dark and he says, \"I think when you see Aiyyaa , you will know that it is anything but stereotypical. As far as I have seen, this film portrays south Indianism in Bollywood in a totally different light. It shows that south Indianism as is very attractive. In the movie, Rani Mukherjee plays a girl who finds everything about south Indianism \u2014 the smells, the colours, the looks, the complexion \u2014 very cool and sexy. It sort of puts all south Indian characteristics in a way that Bollywood has not looked at it before.\"But many people on social networking sites have lashed out at this portrayal of south Indians as dark. On the offence that few people have taken in social networking sites after his character was referred as \"Kaalu\" in the trailer, Prithviraj says, \"If you look at it that way, the cliche for an ideal man is tall, dark and handsome. The dark is always there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329767", "title": "Bandit Balkhadiya\u2019s father-in-law arrested", "text": "KANPUR: Recent inputs that dacoits in the Bundelkhand region are trying to revive the network, have increase the worries of the cops. The Chitrakoot police have announced cash prizes for information about Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya and his gang responsible for eight murders, including Dodamafi massacre, where five members of a family were gunned down on the night of August 8.The cops have started distributing pamphlets, seeking information on outlaws in dacoit-infested villages of the district on Sunday. The police have sought information about Balkhadiya gang or any individual involved in the murders reported from the region. \"Any person giving information about dacoits would get a cash prize and his name will be kept secret,\" circle officer Suresh Chandra Rawat said.Those having information can contact SP Chitrakoot (9454400263) and ASP (9454401039) or circle officer (city) (9454401356) to give information to police. Station officer Markundi (9454403214), SO Manikpur (9454403206) and SO Bahilpurwa (9454403203) can be contacted to give information about dacoits.The police have stepped up search and combing operations for dacoits. Rawat said that Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya's father-in-law Devsharan and brother-in-law Ram Chandra were arrested from Udki forest near Surajbali Ka Dera on Saturday. The two were going to give ration to Balkhadiya and his gang members. The STF sleuths have arrived in the dacoit-infested villages to investigate and assist the police.\"We have pasted pamphlets on walls near Patel Chauraha, Mission Chauraha and Traffic Chauraha, besides private taxis, personal vehicles and UPSRTC buses heading towards dacoit-infested Manikpur and Dadri pockets on the instruction of DIG PK Srivastava. Dodamafi massacre, where the dacoits had not even spared children, is unfortunate,\" Rawat said.The police claimed that details of Juggi Patel alias Narwad alias Lambu of Barampur village in Karvi and Bubbly Kol of Kolan Majra in Dodamafi have been mentioned in the pamphlets. Intelligence information of their presence in Raipura, Manikpur, Bahilpurwa and Rajapur on Saturday has led to the arrests of Balkahdiya's father-in-law and brother-in-law on Saturday.\"On Saturday, when we were conducting the combing operation in the district to nab Balkhadiya, we came across his father-in-law Devsharan and brother-in-law Ram Chandra in Udki forest near Suraj Bali Ka Dera,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16329155", "title": "PTA backs school management decision on teacher", "text": "PONDA: Setting aside the speculations of being not informed about the alleged molestation case, the Parent-Teachers' Association (PTA) of the Shiroda school, has officially extended its support to the school management on Sunday.The PTA after its special executive meeting issued a press note appreciating the action taken by the school management in the alleged molestation case. The press note has also refused the claim of the teacher's supporters that the PTA was with them.The 51-years-old teacher of the school, had been arrested on Thursday on charges of molesting a 14-year-schoolgirl. Stating that he was indulging in such activities for a long time, the school management had also suspended him.The Ponda police said that they have a written complaint of the schoolgirl against the teacher. However, the student in another written complaint to the women's commission has alleged that the school headmistress and president of the school committee had forcefully compelled her to write the complaint by illegally confining her in the school building after school hours.Her parents have also written to the Ponda police that the complaint was false but the supporters of her parents have alleged that there was no action regarding their letters (TOI has copies of both letters).\"The headmistress has stated that the 25 other girl students of the school have given a written complaint against the teacher that he was misbehaving with them often and strict action should be taken against him,\" the PTA chairman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335384", "title": "Now, oral antiseptic spray to combat colds and flu", "text": "University Hospitals Case Medical Center clinical researchers have developed a new oral antiseptic spray, a first-of-its kind germ-fighting spray, which can prevent colds and flu .The Halo Oral Antiseptic, which is currently on store shelves, has been found to be effective in killing 99.9 per cent of infectious airborne germs.\"Respiratory tract disease is a major cause of morbidity and mortality throughout the world,\" said Frank Esper, MD, infectious disease expert at UH Rainbow Babies and Children's Hospital.\"Yet there has been limited progress in the prevention of respiratory virus infections. Halo is unique in that it offers protection from airborne germs such as influenza and rhinovirus,\" noted Dr. Esper, who is the lead author of one of the two studies that led to the development of the spray.Dr. Esper and a team of researchers used glycerine and xanthan gum as a microbial barrier combined with cetylpyridinium chloride (CPC) as a broad-spectrum anti-infective agent to fight respiratory illnesses.To test this, clinical strains of 2009 pandemic H1N1 were used as a prototype virus to demonstrate Halo's anti-infective activity in cell culture assays.\"The glycerine and xanthan gum prevent the germs from entering a person's system and the CPC kills the germs once they're trapped there,\" explained Dr. Esper, who is also Associate Professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine.According to Dr. Esper, Halo will have clear benefit to aid against infection and reduce disease from epidemic, sporadic or pandemic respiratory viral infections, particularly helping people at risk for severe respiratory illness including immune-compromised individuals with chronic lung disease, and military personnel.Another study by Mahmoud Ghannoum, PhD, of UH Case Medical Center, showed Halo's effectiveness against disease-causing pathogenic germs.The study asserts that respiratory and/or systemic infections through airborne and manually transmitted pathogenic microbes often enter the system through the mouth, making Halo, an oral spray that targets these pathogens, an effective way to prevent infections.Preliminary data from the researchers also found that Halo completely kills all 11 clinical strains of whooping cough (Bordetella pertussis) against which the spray was tested.The results showed that when a person used three sprays of Halo, it destroyed airborne germs breathed in for up to six hours, even when people were eating and drinking.\"Exposure to airborne germs is inevitable - especially in crowded environments and when traveling,\" said Dr. Ghannoum, who is also the Director of the Center for Medical Mycology at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine.\"Unlike other products that support the immune system or protect from germs on surfaces or hands, Halo is the first and only product of its kind to offer protection from airborne germs,\" he added.The researchers presented their findings in San Francisco at the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy (ICAAC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "istanbul ( turkey )", "code": "16330548", "title": "Abhijeet wins silver, bronze for Tania", "text": "ISTANBUL ( Turkey ): Grandmaster Abhijeet Gupta won a fourth-board silver medal by pocketing seven points out of nine games while Tania Sachdev turned out to be the best woman performer for India with a bronze medal on the third board in the chess Olympiad on Sunday.The women's team dished out best-ever fourth-place finish by any Indian team at the sport's biennial event after defeating France 2.5-1.5 in the 11th and last Swiss League round.The performance is more creditable considering top player K Humpy's pullout from the team due to unspecified reasons.India's best Olympiad performance had come in the Open section in 2004 (Calvia, Spain) when the men finished sixth when V Anand came back to the fold for the first time since 1992 (Manila ). The Indian women's previous best performance was ninth in 2004 and 1982 (Lucerne).D Harika and Soumya Swaminathan won on the first and fourth boards on Sunday while Tania played out a draw on the second to ensure and Indian victory by a minimal margin even as Mary Ann Gomes suffered a reversal.It was a dismal show by the Indian men who finished 35th starting as the 13th seed. Tania (Elo 2379) bagged nine points out of 11 (rating performance 2522) and got edged out to bronze only on tiebreak method. The individual gold for this board was won by Nadezhda Kosintseva of Russia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335100", "title": "I want Angie to be proud of her man: Brad Pitt", "text": "Brad Pitt has admitted that he needs his wife-to-be Angelina Jolie's approval before doing any work.He also described Jolie as a force who cares for him deeply.When asked whether he cares what Jolie thinks of his work, Pitt said \"Yes. One of the best things I've done is ensure my kids have a good mother. Of course I want her approval. Angie is a force, she cares deeply. I want her to be proud of her man.\"About his role as a father, the actor said he is trying his best to spend as much time as possible with their six kids.\"I spend a lot of time thinking about how I'm raising them - what do I want to impart to them, the opportunities I need to give them - that takes up a lot of my day,\" the Daily Mail quoted Pit as saying.\"I think living in different places is the best education we've been able to give the kids. There are certain confinements that come with our lives but that side is the positive and it certainly makes up for it,\" he added.Though the couple are very busy with their movies and other works they make sure that they have their breakfast together with their kids.\"Right now, Mama (Jolie s working but the day always starts with breakfast, all of us together. It's chaos and a joy. When they are young like this, it's special, and I'm very aware they'll be grown up before we know it. I see it already and I'm clinging on with my nails,\" he said.The actor says he enjoy it when the family sit down and share a film together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16331165", "title": "Youth stages robbery drama, held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A youth was arrested for concocting robbery of Rs 54,000 near Sector 39 on Saturday night. The accused Raj Kumar, 24, works with a commission agent, Mahesh Gupta in Grain Market, Sector 26, and he had taken a loan from him. The youth tried to befool police and his employer by claiming that he has been robbed. But when police reached the spot, cops found the story to be untrue. The police summoned Gupta, who told police that Raj Kumar had taken Rs 65,000 on the pretext of his mothera??s illness on September 8. A case has been registered against Raj Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328583", "title": "Draft policy recommends relocation or regularization of illegally constructed religious shrines", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that may bring relief to the city's illegally constructed religious shrines, the Delhi government's draft policy has suggested either their re-location within the locality or regularization. Demolition has been suggested only if the first two options are not feasible. However, if the lieutenant governor finds the demolition to be causing law and order problems, the land owning agency of the shrine would have to either relocate or regularize it.The draft policy, prepared on the Supreme Court's direction, has recommended strict action against any extra structure, including rooms for pundits, imams etc, built along with the religious shrine. \"The proposed policy, if cleared by the cabinet, will only regularize or relocate the restricted shrine area where the prayers are being held. Any additional room, shop or office will be demolished,\" said a senior government officer.The policy, which has already been cleared by the law and finance departments, is likely to be placed before the Delhi cabinet soon.In February 2010, the Supreme Court had directed all states and Union territories to formulate a policy on the illegally constructed religious shrines within eight weeks. The court had also asked them to identify all unauthorized structures and spell out within what period it would demolish/relocate/regularize them. Union urban development minister Kamal Nath also announced recently that all shrines existing before 2007 would be regularized.As the first step, all land owing agencies like PWD, NDMC and the three corporations will be asked to conduct a survey to determine the exact number of illegal religious structures built on their land, sources say. The survey will have details of encroachment, survey number, size and nature of encroachment and public hindrance, and personal information about the encroacher.Once the survey is done, the agencies will be asked to prepare an action plan for each shrine. The agencies will then decide on the option to be adopted for each shrine and submit its action plan to the home department's committee for religious structures for a review. This committee will submit a report before the lieutenant governor, who will take the final decision on the basis of the review report.If the land owning agency seeks an approval for regularization, it will charge a fixed cost either from the shrine trust or local people, depending upon the circumstances. \"The exact amount and the process for the same will be finalized only after the policy is approved by the cabinet,\" the officer said.In case of relocation, the agency will have to suggest another site.A shrine might be demolished only if the agency finds that the project affected due to the illegally constructed shrine is extremely important for public interest. But the same decision can be implemented only with the LG's approval. \"If he finds demolition to be a serious law and order issue, the agency will have to go back to the first two options,\" the officer added.The Delhi government had twice discussed this sensitive issue but sent it back to the departments concerned for re-consideration, despite running into contempt by not formulating the policy in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16335973", "title": "Reading FC to develop football in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: In an exciting news for football lovers in Arunachal Pradesh, UK-based Reading FC has shown interest in exploring the football potential and groom the promising players of the state.A four-member delegation of the club met chief minister Nabam Tuki on Sunday at his New Delhi office and discussed proposals for developing football in the state.\"Football is the favourite game in every corner of our state. Talent and passion are immeasurable. We need proper guidance, training and exposure and I can assure you of world class players,\" Tuki, a football player himself, told the delegation.The club members also expressed their desire to do a talent search in the state and take sub-junior level players under their umbrella.Selected players would be then groomed and trained at the club's football academy in UK, officials said.According to Reading FC CEO Nogel Howe, the club would send two coaches to Arunachal Pradesh for preliminary assessment immediately.Howe, while explaining future plans for Arunachal, said if things work out, the club will take on the responsibility of propagating and developing the game by placing its coaches permanently in the state.Meanwhile, the delegation also invited the chief minister to watch one of its matches in the ongoing Barclays Premier League in England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16329458", "title": "Batla House encounter anniversary: IG to check alertness in Azamgarh", "text": "VARANASI: Senior police officers are also keeping a sharp vigil in Azamgarh.IG GL Meena would visit Azamgarh in a day or two to review the preparedness of police on the occasion of anniversary day of Batla House encounter. He would also review the crime scene and functioning of police.Some areas like Sanjarpur in Azamgarh had earned notoriety when investigation agencies like antiterrorist squad of different states found that a number of IM ultras, who remained involved in terrorist blasts in different parts of the country belonged to this area.The strong base of IM in Azamgarh district was exposed when the Delhi police eliminated two IM ultras during Batla House encounter in September 2008, while some others were arrested. Seven other ultras named as Dr Shahnawaz, Bada Sajid, Salman and Khalid are from Sanjarpur while Arif Junaid, Dr Asad Ullah Akhtar and Mirza Shadab Beg, who are in the reward list of Delhi police, could not be arrested.Sources state some of these ultras had also come on radar of the agencies like ATS, during their presence in Azamgarh district in past months but they could not be arrested. Some pressure groups had also emerged, terming the Batla House encounter as fake. These groups had also staged demonstrations in Azamgarh, Lucknow and Delhi on the anniversary of the incident in past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16332129", "title": "Infosys to acquire Lodestone, a Switzerland-based management consultancy firm, for $349 million", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys today announced a definitive agreement to acquire Lodestone Holding AG, a leading global management consultancy firm for an aggregate enterprise value of CHF 330 million ($349 million or Rs 1,930 crore) in cash. Headquartered in Zurich , Lodestone advises international companies on strategy and process optimization, and provides business transformation solutions enabled by SAP. The combination of the breadth of capabilities delivered by Infosys and Lodestone's deep experience of driving transformational change, is expected to provide clients across the two companies, a world-class team to accelerate transformation and innovation led growth.Upon completion, the acquisition of Lodestone will strengthen Infosys Consulting and Systems Integration (C&SI;) capabilities, by bringing more than 850 employees, including 750 experienced SAP consultants to the company. Lodestone will add more than 200 clients across industries including manufacturing, automotive and life sciences, to the Infosys pool of over 700 clients. Post-acquisition, the combined consulting practice focusing on SAP programmes will deliver revenues of more than $1 billion, firmly establishing Infosys amongst the global leaders in SAP consulting.Infosys Consulting &amp; Systems Integration business today has more than 30,000 consultants across 10 industry verticals and accounts for 31% of the company's revenue. The Lodestone acquisition will significantly enhance its global presence, particularly in continental Europe and emerging markets like Latin America and Asia Pacific. Further, Lodestone's clients will get ready access to the scale and global reach of Infosys, in addition to a broad spectrum of capabilities across consulting, systems integration and outsourcing.Infosys has said that consulting would be a major focus for the company. Consulting together with systems integration now contributes close to a third of its revenues.Commenting on the transaction S D Shibulal , CEO and MD of Infosys said, \"A key plank of our Infosys 3.0 strategy is to expand our consulting &amp; systems integration business. This acquisition fits perfectly into that strategy. Lodestone and Infosys share a culture of unwavering focus on nurturing and maintaining client trust. I look forward to welcoming Ronald, his experienced leadership team and Lodestone's team of top-notch consultants to Infosys.\"Ronald Hafner, chairman &amp; CEO of Lodestone, added, \"Our clients entrust us with their most important business and technology transformation initiatives. We are eager to leverage the widely acknowledged global reach of Infosys and its leadership in the consulting and technology arena to deliver greater value to our clients. This will enhance the momentum that Lodestone is already witnessing in the marketplace. A common passion for delivering client value will strengthen this partnership even further.\"The transaction is currently expected to close by the end of October 2012, subject to customary closing conditions. Linklaters LLP is acting as legal advisor to Infosys. UBS AG is acting as financial advisor and Baker &amp; McKenzie is acting as legal advisor to Lodestone.Infosys has close to $4 billion in cash reserves, and many analysts have been advising the company to use the reserves to acquire. The acquisition should also once again bring Infosys's revenue to a point that is higher than Cognizant's. Last quarter, Cognizant's revenues had crossed Infosys's.A few years ago, Infosys and HCL battled to acquire SAP consulting firm Axon, but HCL finally won that battle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328643", "title": "Probe into multi-crore Andheri housing scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has directed the economic offences wing (EOW) of the Mumbai police to probe allegations of misappropriation of funds and illegal sale of developable space (floor space index) made against four members of the managing committee of an Andheri housing society.The scam runs into several hundred crores, said sources.The high court passed this order on a criminal complaint filed by some of the residents after the local D N Nagar police station allegedly refused to initiate investigation.The four members of the D N Nagar housing society to be probed for alleged forgery, cheating and breach of trust are chairman Dudhaji Shinde, secretary Bhushan Sarang, joint secretary Bavaskar and treasurer Haresh Kuvadia.The case dates back to 2009 when a dispute arose between members of the housing society over the redevelopment of 10 buildings spread across 20,000 sq m in Andheri. The society has 480 families, each of which occupies a flat of over 300 sq ft.According to one of the complainants, S J Ankle, the managing committee amalgamated all the 10 buildings under a union in 2005 after telling residents that the move was necessary in order to get a larger area from the developer chosen for redevelopment. Post amalgamation, Vaidehi Akash Housing was selected to redevelop the society. A registered agreement was signed between Vaidehi and the residents on December 31, 2005.Vaidehi promised to rehabilitate each of the existing families in 640 sq ft flats in eight buildings and pay rent to relocate the occupants for the 15 months it would take to construct the eight buildings. In 2006, the 10 buildings were demolished.\"The project did not take off for want of coastal regulation zone (CRZ) approvals. When the CRZ issue was resolved, Vaidehi sold the rights to redevelop our property measuring approximately 2.75 lakh sq ft (including incentive FSI purchased from the state housing board) to a developer without our consent,\" said Shyam Wadhwa, another complainant.\"This is cheating. The deal will allow developers will construct luxury apartments on a huge chunk of our land and sell them in the open market while the area promised to us will be reduced from 640 sq ft to 540 sq ft,'' alleged Ankle.Sarang told TOI, \"It's a conspiracy by Ankle and others who are trying to mislead the police and the court. We have recorded our statement before the EOW. Let the EOW come out with the truth.''The residents had filed a complaint with the 10th Andheri metropolitan magistrate's court, which directed the D N Nagar police to register an FIR. The police told the court that the issue was beyond their expertise and requested that the probe be assigned to an independent agency. The society then filed a writ petition in the high court which directed the EOW to probe the matter.Additional commissioner of police (EOW) Rajwardhan Sinha said, \"We have just started the probe on the directions of the high court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16328533", "title": "Learning with fun and competition", "text": "BHOPAL: The city finals of WIZ National Spell Bee competition were held at Campion School on Sunday. According to a release, this spelling competition combined learning with fun and competition. The objective was to enhance the spelling and literary skills of children by encouraging them to explore the English language, expand their vocabulary, and improve their communication and comprehension skills.More than 150 students participated in the grand event on Sunday. The competition comprised both oral and written tests .The various rounds of the competition involved spelling, jumbled letters, crossword puzzles, idioms, grammar, word application, identifying words based on phonetic symbols and their meanings. Antonyms and synonyms and use of phrasal verbs measured the English language skills of the participants.Students were divided into six categories and cash prizes totalling Rs 17,000 were awarded to the winners in each category. Besides, certificates of rank and medals were also given.Among the schools that participated were Delhi Public School, Carmel Convent BHEL , St Thomas Convent School, Campion School, Maharshi Vidya Mandir to name a few.Winners will be participating in the \"mega finals\" at Indore in November this year. WIZ National Spell Bee is being organized in various cities of 18 states in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335697", "title": "Amrapali Gupta in Fear Files", "text": "Amrapali Gupta, who entertained masses as Sonali in 'Tujh Sang Preet Lagayi Sajna', is all set to explore her 'scary side' in Contiloe Telefilm's Fear Files on Zee TV.The actress will play the role of a Karna Pishachini Yakshini (Karna Pishachini Yakshini is said to be the feminine being who can foresee future). The story will be based in North India and will revolve around a man who uses the Karana Pishachini to get all the luxurious in life.When contacted, Amrapali confirmed the news and said, \"It's a very interesting role. As an actor I like challenging myself and that is the reason that after playing a positive role in Tujh Sang.. I opted for out an out negative character here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328387", "title": "Sarpanch booked in suicide case", "text": "GURGAON: A former sarpanch of Sadhrana village and five others have been booked in connection with an abetment to suicide case. Thirty two-year-old Dinesh Kumar's body was found hanging from a tree in the village on Saturday.The former sarpanch and some other persons had accused Kumar of theft. Police had recovered a suicide note from the deceased which said that he was not a thief. Kumar's family members allege that he took his life because the sarpanch and few others had accused him of being a thief.\"On the complaint of victim's brother, Rajpal, we have lodged an FIR against former sarpanch Ramchandra Vashistha, Santram, Jogendra, Somveer, Karamchand and Savitri. All of them are absconding and efforts are on to nab them,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335454", "title": "Ragging music launched", "text": "The music launch of Bengali film 'Ragging' took place recently at Music World in Kolkata. The film stars newcomers Vik, Olivia, Subhomoy Choudhury, Rana Mukherjee, Koushik Dutta, Pradipto Nandy, Santona Bose and others. The film has been directed by Anup Shankar Saha and Bikash Banerjee and has been produced by Shree Shree Shankar Kamrup Chitramandir.The entire cast and crew was present at the music launch and all seemed to be enjoying themselves at the event. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16332661", "title": "Farmers' body to protest in Meerut, demands payment of cane dues", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another cane agitation brewing in Uttar Pradesh, sugarcane farmers under the aegis of the Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan (RKMS) have decided to boycott the cane reservation meetings being held in Lucknow for 2012-13 season saying no useful purpose can be served if decisions are only taken to meeting benefit sugar mills. The organisation of farmers also said they will hold a mahapanchayat at Kila-parikshat garh in Meerut on September 16, to discuss the future course of action to get their demands implemented.Farmer leader and former UP MLA from Pilibhit, VM Singh, on behalf of the agitating farmers, on Sunday wrote to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav saying that cane reservation meetings have been held at divisional headquarters for the past 40 years. However, now, these meetings, aimed at enabling cane-growers to voice their grievances for better operations, are only being held in Lucknow. Alleging that mill owners usually bring their employees in buses and project them as farmers in their endeavor to get more cane area reserved for them, RKMS has requested that meetings should be held in divisional headquarters from the season 2012-13 to allow all farmers to participate and voice their concerns.However, though the cane commissioner assured farmers that meetings will be held at divisional headquarters, meetings have only been held in Lucknow.Singh has also said that the State has failed to honour its word to pay cane dues to farmers. In addition, the state has also failed to honour the high court order for payment of difference of up to Rs 75 per quintal for the year 2009-10 to farmers. The court had also said the government should pay interest on delayed payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332345", "title": "The USP of Salman is Salman: Prabhu Dheva", "text": "In three years in B-Town, the choreographer-turned-director has had a string of superhits and has just bagged his second Salman Khan flick. Chatting with Chennai Times, Prabhu Dheva says his Bollywood journey has been going great guns and talks about Salman, Vijay and his personal life...How do you feel bagging a second film with Salman? Is it a south remake? Super! I have known Salman for the last 15 years and used to speak to him whenever I met him. He's a gem of a person! Even on sets, he doesn't bond with me like a hero and director. He takes good care of everyone on sets. He doesn't express himself that openly. But recently he invited me to watch Ek Tha Tiger and another movie. He's very fond of me and I am very fond of him. As of now, nothing has been decided about the story.He's known to be generous, where you also a recipient? He's given me another film, what more do I need? (laughs) There's no difference between how he was when I first met him and how he is today. He's the same!Were you nervous when you first directed him? To be honest, during the making of a film I am not apprehensive or nervous. But at the time of release, I become extremely nervous and tense.Any difference between working in Mumbai and south films... People here are extremely professional. The kind of money involved is huge so everything works like clockwork. When they announce a film, they also announce the release date! In the last three years, I have seen it all go according to how it's planned.Vijay's gesture for Rowdy Rathore... Vijay is such a big star and it was so sweet of him to do the dance in Rowdy Rathore . He travelled one hour to get to the shooting spot. Akshay kept asking, \"Will Vijay come?\" considering his stature. I had spoken to Vijay and he immediately said, \"OK anna.\" Akshay told me, \"Vijay is a fantastic dancer. So don't give me steps that are too difficult.\" (laughs) When Akshay met Vijay he asked me if he was about 21 years old and that he was so young and energetic! It was exciting for him too. Vijay did it for free \u2014 out of love and friendship. He did his famous 'moment' on-screen and it was really nice.How do you manage with Hindi? I understand Hindi well and I am comfortable. Before I start work on a film, I know the dialogues and what each and every word in Hindi means. Once you start working, it comes to you naturally. It's a process. I contribute to dialogues also \u2014 how it should be, etc. I need help with lyrics for songs sometimes.What is the best compliment you have received so far? Recently, I went for a movie and there was a young girl of about eight or nine years. She saw me and starting mouthing dialogues from Rowdy Rathore. It was so surprising that even a child knew that I directed the film!Now that you're into full-fledged direction, do you miss choreography? I try and do it when I can. I did some choreography recently for a few events.So, you have moved bag and baggage to Mumbai... I need to be present here for everything from story discussions to the end product. As a director, I am responsible for everything and I also need to be 100 per cent available considering I am doing a film here. And contrary to rumours, I have not bought a house here, I have just rented out a place.There are rumours you seeing someone now... I don't even have time to think about a personal life! There's so much work going on and I am focusing on that. I do spend time with my kids when they have holidays and get free time.Will you get married again? As of now, I have not thought about marriage or made any such plans. Where do I have the time to think about this? I am working round-the-clock.Take 3: USP of Salman - Salman! Wishlist - I have one. Religion - Very religious. Go to temples whenever I can.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16329970", "title": "Transporters thrash driver", "text": "NAGPUR: The owners of a private transport company have been booked by Jaripatka police on Saturday for thrashing a driver, who was demanding his salary. Driver Manoj Shukla (37) sustained fractures on left hand and other injuries after his employers, Pamma Singh Chouhan and another identified as Babu Sonu, assaulted him with a hockey stick.Shukla was working with the private transport company for the last four years. Shukla said his employers suspected he was stealing fuel and had a heated argument with them over payment of his salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333622", "title": "Amit sheds a few extra pounds", "text": "Actor Amit Verma was on a mission to lose weight it seems. Amit, who marked his debut in Bollywood with Kismat Konnection, which had Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra in the lead, has lost 10 kilos recently.\"I have been approached to do a telefilm by Hemal Thakkar. The role required me to have a normal physique and look lean. He, in no way, should have looked like a model,\" informs Amit.Prod him further about his \"leaner image,\" and the actor adds, \"I have been working very hard on my fitness. I always wanted a lean body and nothing could have been a better opportunity than this. I run a lot and do weights. I also practice a Brazilian form of martial art called Capoeira. It keeps me fit and flexible.\"Amit has tried stunts like walking on hands, performing flips and cartwheels as well. And he believes it is Capoeira which has increased his fitness level. \"The best part is that this form of martial art is not an aggressive form,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328814", "title": "Amanishah residents take to streets", "text": "JAIPUR: Affected house owners of the Amanishah Nullah on Sunday blocked the road near Gujjar Ki Thadi for more than half an hour protesting against the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) decision on the centre line of the drain. The protesters said the centre line decided by the JDA is wrong and several houses will be now be razed because of the decision.Around two hundred residents of Mohan Nagar, Jagannath Puri and Kiran Vihar take to the streets and alleged that the JDA is partial and determining the centre line of the nullah, which plays a crucial part in determining the encroachment status of hundreds of houses. The residents also protested near Ridhi Sidhi and blocked the road for 15 minutes.Rajiv Sadhu, one of the protesters, alleged, \"Many changes in the alignment were done by the JDA as the Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) has allotted land in the catchment area. In a letter of the RHB to the UDH department, it was mentioned that as allotments for a school and a hospital in the catchment area have been made by the board, it is necessary to change the alignment of the nullah. Due to this, many innocent people who purchased houses from the housing societies have to suffer.\"The roads were cleared only after local police intervened and placated the protesters. Recently, the centre point is become a debatable issue among the residents and the state government . A senior official said, \"To avoid any issues, the government appointed a panel of professors from MNIT and asked them to prepare a detailed report. The team came to the conclusion of the nullah having dimensions of 210 feet by 105 feet from either side.\"So far, three official surveys have been conducted to decide on the centre point but each time it was challenged. Even now, when the JDA is planning to demolish the encroachments, demand for further review of the centre point has been raised from various quarters.The first survey was conducted in 1986 with the 1981 floods as the backdrop. The aim of that survey was to assess the feasibility of the drains flowing into the nullah. No centre line was demarcated in that report which was submitted by the Consultancy Engineering Services (CES).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335674", "title": "I'm not interested in making formula films: Amole Gupte", "text": "Dressed in a casual jeans, checkered shirt, long hair and beard - Amole Gupte gives you an impression of the filmmaker to be deeply interested in painting and music. And he admits that he is passionate about painting and music.As you sit down to chat with the filmmaker, you realize his understanding of situations, honest cinema, relationships and most importantly children. From somebody who penned the script for Taare Zameen Par and directed Stanley Ka Dabba , Amole expresses his deep desire to make films for children.He tells us how earlier a producer had wanted the 'ending' of his film Stanley Ka Dabba to be changed and let it be a 'happy ending' with Rosy teacher adopting Stanley. But Gupte felt that he wanted it be 'realistic' as real life is not like that, and audience connects with real characters. And the movie made on a small budget also worked well with the masses and got the coveted national award for the child actor Partho Gupte.Amole is working on two films - 1 Idiot (will release in colleges) and Sapno ko Ginte Ginte . The passion for doing children's films comes from the fact that he regular conducts workshops for children every weekend showing international children's films to children. The children learn the different nuances of filmmaking and also understand good cinema. The regular interaction with children makes him want to do more in this genre.The filmmaker dismisses the fact that Bollywood is only about formula films. He likes Rohit Shetty's Golmaal 3 but denies that he will ever be part of 100 crore club of films. He says, \"Formula films are about item numbers and the usual cliche things. I want to make films that will raise questions in the minds of the audience. A good script is a good film if it is executed well.Amole admits that it is difficult to find financiers for his films and therefore he enjoys financing his own films. On a parting note he says, \"I am not aspiring to buy a Mercedez car so am happy making meaningful and enjoyable films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16329720", "title": "Mising body demands Mising Autonomous Council (MAC) polls immediately", "text": "GUWAHATI: The United Mising Forum (UMF), an apex coordination committee of Mising people asked the state government to hold the Mising Autonomous Council (MAC) election without further delay. The UMF demand came immediately after the Gauhati high court on Friday asked the state government to conduct the MAC polls within the next six months.UMF alleged that chief minister Tarun Gogoi and state welfare of plain tribes and backward classes minister Rajiv Lochan Pegu had deprived the Mising community from living a democratic life.\"We are the second largest tribe in the state, but our council is being run undemocratically for over a decade. Even the high court expressed shock that the MAC polls were not held since 1995. The state government dissolved the MAC interim council in 2009. The entire community has been deprived of their political rights,\" alleged Johan Doley, convener of UMF and president of Takam Mising Porin Kebang (TMPK).The MAC was formed with a total of 1,239 villages in the core area and 392 villages in the satellite area.\"More than 30,000 Mising youths suffered in the recent exodus from the southern cities. It proves that the entire generation is suffering from financial insecurity, which led them to work in other parts of India as labourers. Without political rights, economic development in MAC is a distant dream,\" Doley added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328763", "title": "For pedestrians only: Skywalk proposed at Secunderabad railway station", "text": "HYDERABAD: Plans for a skywalk between the Rathifile bus station and the Secunderabad railway station were finalized by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). The pedestrian movement between these two places was clocked at 6,041 per hour and the skywalk will make life easier for many.The skywalk would not only decongest the area to some extent, but also ensure safety of the pedestrians moving on this stretch. The proposed skywalk is being designed on the lines of the one connecting Bandra station and Bandra Kurla complex in Mumbai.The proposed skywalk, which would come up on the central median with cantilever support on both sides of the road, will be 450 metres with four entry/exit points at Rathifile bus stand and Secunderabad railway station. The width of the skywalk will be four metres, while the entry/exit points will be 2.5 metres wide with staircase and escalators.GHMC officials said pedestrian movement was high between Rathifile bus station and Secunderabad railway station up to the Gurudwara and Rathifile bus station and Keyes High School. The stretch between Secunderabad and Rathifile bus stand records more footfall as commuters head to the bus stand for changeover to other routes. With limited space available for road widening, there is no other alternative than to create a pedestrian walkway to ease congestion on these stretches.As the bus terminals in Secunderabad like Rathifile, Chilakalguda, Uppal bus stop, Alpha Hotel (opposite the railway station) and bus stand opposite Gurudwara provide connectivity to various parts of the city this part of the city records a high number of pedestrians. With hawkers and vendors occupying footpaths the pedestrians spill on to the road leading to traffic chaos in the area.Due to these problems, the municipal corporation engaged a consultant and did a pedestrian movement survey, which showed that as many as 6,041 pedestrians move on the stretch per hour. The pedestrian flow from Keyes High School towards the Secunderabad station was found to be 187 pedestrians per hour, 241 to Alpha Hotel and 103 towards the Secunderabad railway station. Similarly, from Chilkalguda bus stop to the Secunderabd railway station, the pedestrian flow was 255 persons per hour, 373 to Alpha Hotel and 54 to Gurudwara bus stop. As per the study, the pedestrian movement between Rathifile bus stand and the Secunderbad station was 629 per hour, 1,041 towards Alpha hotel and 138 to Gurudwara bus stand. In the reverse direction, the movement from Secunderbad railway station to Rathifile bus stand was 776 pedestrians per hour, from Alpha hotel to Rathifile 835 and Keyes high school 359 persons.The GHMC standing committee had cleared the skywalk proposal 10 days ago.GHMC sources said the cost of the skywalk has been pegged at about Rs 7.2 crore and 50% of the cost will be born by the Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR). \"The skywalk will solve traffic congestion to a great extent in Secunderabad area as there will be smooth vehicular movement apart from pedestrian safety,\" GHMC superintending engineer R Sridhar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16335155", "title": "Sharad Yadav: Janata Dal (United) would contest Gujarat polls alone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Carrying further its reservations over Narendra Modi , the Janata Dal (United), which runs a coalition with BJP in BIhar, has decided to contest assembly elections in Gujarat on its own.Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, whose antipathy to Modi is well-known, will also campaign for the JD(U) candidates in Gujarat, where elections are due this year end.Giving indications of the party's plans, JD(U) president Sharad Yadav told reporters \"BJP is the larger party in the NDA. We will go for alliance with BJP wherever it wants us, but barring in Gujarat\".He was replying to a question whether JD(U) contesting elections separately in a state ruled by BJP will not give impression of a rift in the NDA.Both party chief Sharad Yadav as well as Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar will campaign in Gujrat aggravating further the strains between Kumar and Modi that have come to the fore on more than one occasion.Yadav, however, sought to downplay the development by maintaining that the JD(U) never had an alliance with the BJP in Gujarat.He refrained from answering repeated queries on why the JD(U) is making an exception of Gujarat when it is ready to contest with BJP in alliance in all other states.Yadav also refused to specify how many seats his party wants to contest in Gujarat saying it is for the state unit to decide.There is speculation that the JD(U) state unit plans to contest 100 out of the 182 assembly seats in Gujarat in the coming assembly elections.Yadav, however, said,\"we have been fighting separately from BJP in Gujarat for a long time. We are as a part of the NDA alliance in many states, while in many others like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Delhi, we fight separately. There was never an alliance in Gujarat.\" To a specific query whether the Bihar chief minister will go to campaign for JD(U) candidates in Gujarat this time, Yadav said that Kumar and he himself as well as a large number ministers of Bihar government had gone to campaign for the party candidates in last Gujarat assembly elections as well.\"Both of us (Sharad Yadav and Nitish Kumar) have campaigned there earlier also. We will do it this time as well,\" he said.JD(U), which is the ruling party in Bihar in alliance with BJP for around eight years, has been contesting elections in alliance with that party in Jharkhand and Rajasthan as well. The alliance between the parties in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu has been off and on many occasions, Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330694", "title": "Field Study", "text": "A batch of students from the faculty of architecture and ekistics of Jamia Millia Islamia, are all set for a trip to Ladakh. The excursion is not a vacation, but a field study project as part of their academics. These students in the third semester of their Master's programme in urban regeneration , will be visiting Ladakh to conduct an investigative field study in the region after the flash floods devastated parts of the place in 2010.The intent of the field study would be to investigate the causes behind such disasters and to see what role do changes in the urban and ecological patterns play in such cases. SM Akhtar, dean, faculty of architecture and ekistics, says, the study conducted in the region will aim at formulating a sustainable strategy for the urban regeneration of the place.Currently working on the pre-visit study, the batch of students is required to collect geographical data, demographic and ecological details of the place.\"As part of our pre-visit study, we are gathering all the requisites like preparing maps of the area, demographical data, and other secondary information,\" says, Iqtedar Alam, one of the students.According to Nisar Khan, assistant professor of the faculty and mentor of the batch, they will be studying in detail the synergy between ecology, culture and human habitation within Leh as also the matrix of rural settlements around it.After the field study, students will analyse the collected information to arrive at conclusions, which will involve sessions of deliberations and reviews by the faculty members.\"Studying different regions like Ladakh, which have not had structural facilities, the way urban cities have, makes for a wider-knowledge base,\" adds, Simi Malhotra, faculty and media coordinator, Jamia Millia Islamia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16330179", "title": "Santoor concert by Shivakumar Sharma", "text": "DHARWAD: Noted Santoor exponent Pandit Shivakumar Sharma will present a music concert at the Dr Veerendra Heggade Kalakshetra at Sattur near Dharwad on September 16 at 6.30pm.The programme will be organized by Sparsh Ayurveda. Dr Satyajit Kadkol of Sparsha said the music concert titled 'Lamhe', journey of 100 strings would be a thre- hour programme..The Santoor maestro would share his magical moments of his musical journey. This will be a blend of classical and film music.As part of its decennial celebrations, Sparsh is also launching plan to set up a charitable centre to help the poor and needy patients.Speaking about the concert, Pune-based Infinity Event chief Yatin Mokashi stated that Lamhe is a musical chronicle of the life of Pandit Shivkumar Sharma and is a blend of Indian Classical and nostalgic film music. These two forms represent Panditji's journey of music through the decades. The show begins with an hour-long Indian Classical music performance by Shivji. The latter half involves a live hear-to-heart with Shivji himself in form of an interview chat.The interview is supported by an audi-visual documentary on the life of Shivji, with the stories of his musical journey narrated by the likes of Ustad Zakir Hussain , Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia, Yash Chopra and others.Passes are available at Sparsh Ayurveda Centre located at Tikare road in Dharwad and at Akshay Complex in Hubli. For further details call 95907 72774.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16330480", "title": "India keen to court Egypt as China steals a march", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Egypt transiting into a democracy and trying to reclaim its old position as the heart of the Arab world, India is looking at reconnecting with Cairo to make up for the years of neglected ties. This week, India will host the Egyptian election commission's secretary-general Hatem Bagato, whose first visit to India will focus on Cairo's interest in New Delhi's electronic voting machines and how they have transformed the election system . India, sources said, was even open to continued collaboration on transferring technology or joint production of such machines for Egypt's elections. But India is yet to aggressively pursue ties with the new Egypt, whose Mohammed Morsi missed meeting PM Manmohan Singh at the recent NAM summit in Tehran. But India is holding out for a properly crafted bilateral visit by Morsi. China has ramped up its engagement with Egypt, which has been a close US ally for decades. Diplomatic sources said the Morsi government believes that China as the next superpower would merit as much attention as the US. So Morsi wants to engage the new boys on the block. Having sat out for over two years in the post-revolution period, Egypt is keen on getting its economy back on track. In fact, Morsi is at pains to explain that Egypt is a civil, not military or theocratic state, to assuage fears of radical ideologies taking a grip of ancient states, in the post-revolution era. For that, Egypt's economy has to be revived fairly quickly. That could be India's opportunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328380", "title": "Licence depts plagued by graft: Theatre body", "text": "MUMBAI: Tired of appeasing government officials and politicians by doling out free passes for seeking licences required to stage a drama in some parts of the state, representatives of the Marathi theatre sought help from deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.To \"weed out corruption\", the members sought a unified licence clearance system for staging dramas.\"We informed Pawar that a producer wishing to stage a performance in the state has to get permissions from several local and state bodies after getting a censor certification and this is taxing,\" said Ashok Hande, a prominent producer. The producers reportedly complained to Pawar that some officials from the licence-granting departments demanded free passes and often threatened harassment.At present, a producer has to get performance and ticket-selling licences (issued by the local police). In some cases, entertainment taxes are to be paid and additional temporary approvals are required. If staging shows at playgrounds, police, fire brigade, local civic bodies and MSEB nods are needed.On condition of anonymity, theatre industry players confirmed that harassment was rampant. \"When we refuse to accede to their demands, we are made to run under the pretext of inadequate paperwork,\" said a prominent producer.Another producer alleged that civic bodies in Mumbai and Ratnagiri reserved certain number of seats in their theatres.Another producer from central Mumbai said that nearly 50-60 premium seats have to be given away free. We face hurdles like power supply getting disconnected between the shows if we don't relent, he said. Not only officials, but even the extended entourage accompanying some politicians have to be accommodated or else we face the wrath, rued a producer.However, producers Dilip Jadhav, who was present at the meeting, and Dinu Pednekar dismissed that such practices were prevalent in Mumbai. Sources said Pawar assured them of taking up the issue on their behalf. Marathi drama fest in Dec?Members of the Marathi Natya Parishad said the 93rd Marathi Natya Sammelan will be held in Baramati this year. Veteran actress Vandana Gupte of the Parishad said the three-day festival has been tentatively slotted from December 14 to December 16. Other details will be finalized soon, informed actor Vinay Apte, core member of the Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16330391", "title": "Rushdie recalls life on the run after fatwa", "text": "LONDON: Controversial Mumbai-born writer Salman Rushdie's life on the run when he was under death threats for his novel 'The Satanic Verses' , is the subject of his new book scheduled to be released later this month. The book, published by Jonathan Cape, will be released on 18 September, and a BBC documentary on his ordeal at the time will be telecast the next day, according to The Sunday Times. In the book, New Yorkbased Rushdie, 65, reportedly reveals how he stayed in 20 different 'safe houses' in Britain, and paid secret visits to friends such as writers Ian McEwan and Hanif Kureishi . The book is titled 'Joseph Anton' , the name Rushdie selected to conceal his identity. He conjured his alias from two of his literary heroes, Joseph Conrad and Anton Chekhov, the report says. In the forthcoming BBC documentary, Rushdie talks of \"being 41 and thinking it pretty unlikely I would see my 42nd birthday. The police told me to lie low for a few days and let the politicians sort it out\" . He lived in several places in Wales, including a bed and breakfast hotel run by a former policeman, rented cottages in Somerset, Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire, and then settled in the Bishops Avenue in north London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328928", "title": "Title for Achanta Sharath Kamal", "text": "BANGALORE: The Garden City proved to be second time lucky for Achanta Sharath Kamal as the ace paddler roared back into limelight with a 4-2 (11-8, 7-11, 10-12, 11-3, 11-5, 11-7) win over PSPB clubmate Zubin Kumar in the men's final of the Indian Oil South Zone National Table Tennis Championship at the Sree Kanteerava Indoor Stadium on Sunday.Defending champion and India No. 2, K Shamini survived a midway stutter to beat Olympian Ankita Das 4-2 (11-7, 17-15, 5-11, 4-11, 11-7, 11-4) in the women's final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16329637", "title": "BSF, BBG mark vulnerable spots along border", "text": "AGARTALA: With the growing incidents of cross-border criminal movements, Border Security Force (BSF) and Bangladesh Border Guard (BBG) have jointly identified 115 stretches along the Tripura-Bangladesh border vulnerable.While BBG marked 120 spots as sensitive and threat-prone along the border with Tripura, BSF classified 127 locations along the border as vulnerable. They also analyzed intelligence inputs and movement of criminals and smugglers from across the border.BSF officials said vulnerability mapping of border stretches had been done by the border guards of both the countries considering previous records of criminal activities, smuggling, clashes between security forces and civilians, illegal migration and border firing in the particular locations.According to report, BSF plans to build 198 border outposts along 4,096.70 km of the Indo-Bangla border. They marked 112 of its 987 border outposts spread across five states as vulnerable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330258", "title": "Human trafficking bid a wake-up call", "text": "MANGALORE: The attempt of human trafficking from Karnataka shores, foiled by an alert Mangalore City Police on Saturday, has awakened the top brass on the need for better coordination among various agencies concerned to avoid recurrence of such incidents.The incident also indicates the measures put in place post 26/11Mumbai terror attack in shoring up coastal security are yielding results gradually.\"It is mainly the result of various measures put in place by Karnataka State Police post 26/11 attacks that enabled us to thwart the attempt,\" said Pratap Reddy, inspector-general of police (Western Range) without getting into the specifics.Yet there is a need for an overall strategy (to prevent such incident) involving the department of ports, fisheries, coastal security police, and local police, he said.Issues pertaining to registration of boats, their movement, sale and purchase of boats to external elements need to be better monitored, Pratap Reddy said, adding that he would sound his seniors in the internal security division of the state police on these issues. \"The fact that we thwarted the first such attempt from our shores after they tried it unsuccessfully twice in the recent past from Kerala is an indicator that we are on the right track,\" he pointed out.Another facet that investigations have revealed is that 13 agents were planning to use the trawler for the high seas journey to Australia.\"The refugees would have travelled in sub-human conditions and most of them would not have made it to Christmas Island near Australia alive,\" he surmised, noting that agents could also possibly be preying on the need of these refugees to get out of similar conditions they faced in refugee camps in Tamil Nadu for a 'better life' in Australia.'We preferred death to dishonour in refugee camps'Subash Karan, 23, one among the 56 Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees set to make a potentially life threatening journey in Sri Raksha, a trawler to Australia, had stayed put in the boat since he arrived in the city with his cousin Siva and friends Kokilan and Murthy.He paid Rs 1 lakh to Dinesh, an agent, for the trip as per a deal struck in the first ever instance of human trafficking effort from the state.A distraught Subash, before boarding a bus back to Chennai here on Sunday, told TOI that he and the remaining Sri Lankan refugees were fully aware of the perils that this trip entailed for them. \"But we preferred death to conditions that we face in the refugee camps back home in Tamil Nadu,\" he said. The boat was loaded with rice and vegetables that were meant to sustain the refugees in their trip that supposed to last around 15 days had they made it.Incidentally, 20 other Sri Lankan refugees were already on the boat when the city police authorities came calling. \"The city police have been very nice to us and sympathise with our predicament,\" he said, shuddering at the treatment meted out to them by police in Tamil Nadu and what he expects once they get back to the camps. \"We are used to Tamil Nadu police bad mouthing us and penalizing us for minor offences,\" he said.It was the details given by Siva that actually goaded Subash to prepare himself mentally for this trip. Subash said as per information given by the agents, the Indian Tamilians among the 13 agents nabbed would have stayed back and the remaining nine Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees among them would have accompanied them on the trip. This included Thavarassa, 46, a former LTTE soldier and weapons expert and his 13-year-old daughter.Tragedy of the refugees is the fact that they have abandoned their homeland in Sri Lanka and the Indian government is dilly-dallying on conferring them with Indian citizenship. Political parties in Tamil Nadu make it an issue as and when it suits them, he alleged. This has denied them the right to even apply for a driver's licence and their status (as refugees) negates any chance of gainful employment, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328798", "title": "Only 38% deficit in Gujrat now", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the six-day spell of continuous rains, the rainfall deficiency in state has gone down to only 38 per cent, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said on Sunday. The department forecast pleasant weather for the next few days with no heavy rain warning.The low pressure area over southwest Rajasthan and adjoining north Saurashtra, Kutch and neighbourhood now lies over Kutch and adjoining south Pakistan. Associated cyclonic circulation extends up to mid-tropospheric levels. The southwest monsoon has been vigorous over Saurashtra, Kutch and active over Orissa, Jammu and Kashmir and Konkan, Goa. The condition has been subdued over Arunachal Pradesh , Haryana and Marathwada, according to IMD officials.The axis of the monsoon trough at mean sea level now passes through centre of low pressure area (close to Bhuj), Alirajpur, Betul, Raipur , Angul, Chandbali, and then extends towards south-eastwards to east-central Bay of Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16328546", "title": "It is obese and it's a dog", "text": "BHOPAL:If you think obesity and arthritis are some of the ailments that only humans could suffer with, then here are a few revelations for you.Your pet can also be diagnosed with such diseases.Modern urban lifestyle is turning out to be a little too much for these pets. Obesity related ailments are on the rise, say Vets warning it can reduce there lifespan. Exercise and a correct diet, is advised not just for men, but for man's best friend too.\"A dog owner complaining that his pet is becoming lazy is quite common. They should know that there pet is suffering from obesity. People need to know that dogs should eat according to their diet .It is also important that they are exposed to a habit and an environment wherein they perform some physical activity,\" says veterinarian Dr Shailendra Soni claiming that as much as 50% of domestic dogs in the city are obese.Its been three months since the Tiwari family's dog was diagnosed died with serious kidney infection. A Labrador which should ideally weigh between 30-35 kg was about 20 kg over weight, said Dr Soni.A pet life is inseparable from the family it lives with. Vets say that problem also occurs when most dogs end up as loners, locked in home for hours.\"Dogs are now being diagnosed with arthritis, a result of low of physical activity,\" says veterinarian Dr Neena Tripathi.For many pet owners the idea of owning a dog is to be able to take a walk with them resulting in there own exercise. However, once their inclination to exercise vanishes, it is the dog that ends up with a lower metabolic rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328527", "title": "Petlaburj hospital building needs checkup", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 'Modern' Government Maternity Hospital, Petlaburj may have got its new building just three years ago but the structure is already plagued with several problems, the most critical being the many leakages that have water dripping on the doctors and patients. Incidentally, the ground plus two storey structure was supposed to be a sophisticated facility and was touted to go a long way in improving the medical conditions of the Old City residents.Sources said over the last few months, leakages have been noticed from nearly 15 points of which three are major concerns. \"The leakage near the admission room is one of the worst. When we are walking around, water keeps dripping on us. We do not know whether it is from the air conditioner or the toilet but it is very annoying,\" said a doctor. Then there are leakages in the waiting room, scanning room as well as in-patient wards. The doctor added that if this is the condition of the building just three years after the construction, it would surely be in a precarious state few years from now.The maternity hospital was hurriedly shifted from its old premises at Nayapul to Petlaburj and its land allocated to the high court three years ago. However, of the three blocks planned, only the in-patient block was constructed. Now, all the patients are being cramped in the facility. The hospital is choc-a-bloc with as many as 700 to 800 patients attending outpatient services and another 150 to 200 patients being admitted in the inpatient wards on a daily basis. \"For the large number of outpatients, there is only one washroom which is most of the times not cleaned and remains locked as well,\" said another doctor.Several women and even doctors expressed their displeasure over the change of premises. They said that the Nayapul premises had a large area with lush greenery. The hospital was located on the ground floor itself. But here, it's a two-storey building and things get difficult when we have to climb floors if the lift is not working, they said.Residents from the Old City said this is the only maternity hospital in the area and a chunk of the patients are from BPL families. \"The non-availability of diagnostic facilities is taking a toll on us both physically and financially,\" said a patient whose daughter was admitted at the hospital for delivery.The hospital was constructed at a cost of Rs 20 crores, according to Dr M Suvarna, superintendent. She said that the administration has written to AP Health and Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC) to look into the leakage issue. \"Engineers came and inspected the building few days ago. They said that they would do the needful,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334354", "title": "Taliban reacts to Prince Harry's arrival in Afghanistan", "text": "The Taliban have said that Prince Harry's deployment to Afghanistan is nothing but a propaganda stunt that could allow him to atone for the shame of appearing naked in pictures.The militant group claimed his deployment was an attempt to boost the flagging morale of war-weary soldiers.A Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid claimed that the Prince's arrival was purely symbolic and predicted that he would never leave his base in Camp Bastion, the Telegraph reports.\"The British Army is under pressure, just like the other forces in Afghanistan, and Britain wants to encourage its soldiers with such actions,\" Mujahid said.\"And also the Prince was seen in naked pictures in England. To cover this shame, maybe he can atone by showing that he is fighting beside their soldiers in Afghanistan,\" he added.Prince Harry will soon start missions against Taliban fighters after arriving in Afghanistan last week for a four month tour of duty as an Apache attack helicopter pilot.According to the paper, he has completed training in first aid and roadside bomb awareness and will now begin preparations for his first missions with 622 Sqn, 3 Regiment Army Air Corps.The Prince will also be eligible for the 200 pounds a week operational bonus paid to troops in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16329047", "title": "82 mines' licences may be suspended", "text": "PANAJI: All 82 working mines that have been hauled up for different violations by the Shah commission may have their licences suspended. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that after studying the commission's report he will take action.Stating that the mines department was studying the report, Parrikar said, \"We will do it (suspension of mining activities) as soon as we come to some conclusion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328862", "title": "Chinese drugged, robbed in train", "text": "JAIPUR: A 24-year-old Chinese was drugged and then robbed of 1,000 US dollars, his passport and other items by an unidentified man who befriended him on a train. The Chinese man was spotted by government railway police personnel on Sunday morning and rushed to SMS hospital where he regained consciousness in the evening. Police said the Delhi police have also been informed about the incident.According to SHO, GRP Suresh Kumar , Zhao Quain, a resident of China, was on board the Haridwar-Ajmer Express.\"A man who had got on the train at old Delhi railway station befriended the Chinese, Zhao. Both did not have a reservation so they were sitting in the sleeper coach. At a station, the man ordered for two juice packets and offered one to Zhao,\" said the SHO.Initially, Zhao refused, however, after repeated requests he drank half of it.\"After having the drink, Zhao fell asleep. Some GRP constables spotted him in unconscious state at the Jaipur railway station. They tried to wake him up. Realizing that he had been robbed, he was taken to SMS Hospital,\" said the officer.The officer added a sketch of the robber has been prepared on the basis Zhao's description. \"The FIR will be registered with Delhi police, so we have sent them the relevant documents,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16328565", "title": "\"Dog\" war intensifies; Ajay denies praising Modi", "text": "BHOPAL: Elections are due in Gujarat but for the past two days the ruling BJP and opposition Congress in Madhya Pradesh are engaged in a \"dog\" fight over chief minister Narendra Modi. Constantly egged by Congress workers and the media with questions on Narendra Modi and his public contact techniques, an angry AICC general secretary and Madhya Pradesh party in-charge B K Hariprasad on Saturday snapped back with a dog'' metaphor which instantly made the state BJP see red.Speaking to Congress workers at a meeting of the party's block-level presidents here, Hariprasad said: Leave alone Congress party, our 'chaprasis' (office boys) and dogs will never follow Narendra Modi.''By Sunday morning, BJP ministers in Madhya Pradesh were out with a vengeance jeering and condemning Hariprasad for his statement against the Gujarat chief minister. Amongst them were state minister for industries and commerce Kailash Vijayavargiya, health minister Narottam Mishra and minister for culture Laxmikant Sharma.Vijayavargiya said, \"One should appreciate chief minister Narendra Modi for his honest and sincere work that went towards developing Gujarat. I wish I did not have to reply in B K Hariprasad's language. But the way in which Narendra Modi has developed Gujarat, everyone other than dogs will follow him.\"Narottam Mishra and Laxmikant Sharma bellowed, \"There is no leader left in the Congress party. It would be commendable if they started following Narendra Modi.\"Finally, it was the turn of state party president Prabhat Jha . Speaking to reporters, Jha said, \"B K Hariprasad has insulted Congress party workers by this remark. Who are these Congress dogs that he is talking about? Are they the Congress party workers? Does the Congress keep dogs as workers or workers as dogs? This is the basic difference between the Congress and the BJP. In the BJP, we call them 'dev durlabh kariyakarta' (workers more sought after than the gods) while in the Congress they are compared to dogs. The attack is not on Narendra Modi but on the grassroots activists of the Congress party.'' Jha said Hariprasad should apologise to his party workers.Narendra Modi, meanwhile, was nowhere close to Madhya Pradesh or its present political drama. It all started during a three-day state Congress office-bearers congregation called to chalk-out strategy for next year's assembly polls. Outside the Congress office, party posters said: Let us get ready to give Madhya Pradesh a better government.'' Inside it was war over Narendra Modi.On Friday, the during the second day of the meeting, Congress' leader of opposition Ajay Singh made a comment praising Narendra Modi and his public connect policy. Modi impressed me in one way. He and his ministers visit different districts every month carrying their tiffin boxes. They blend with the common man and provide immediate solution to their problems from the ground,'' Ajay son of late Congress leader Arjun Singh said.The Congress leader praising Modi set the party office burning with inquisitive queries from both the workers and the media. Hariprasad's enraged comment added more flame to the fire. On Sunday evening, Ajay Singh denied he praised Modi. There was simply no question of my praising or even asking anyone to emulate Modi,'' he clarified. I come from a family which has opposed fascism and I cannot say anything that would help Modi,'' he defended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16329998", "title": "Vilappilsala: Relay fast from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The people of Vilappil panchayat will begin a relay fast satyagraha from Monday seeking the release of S Burhan and six others, who were arrested in connection with the protest staged by Vilappilsala residents to block the transport of machinery required for the completion of leachate treatment plant.Meanwhile, the members of Janakiya Samara Samithi will stage a dharna in front of the secretariat on Monday demanding the release of Burhan.Police have said that Burhan was arrested under Juvenile Justice Act and Prevention of Damage to Public Properties Act.The satyagraha at Vilappilsala will be inaugurated by Sreedharan Nair, who had first raised concerns over the health hazards caused by the functioning of the garbage factory there 12 years ago. From Monday, each villager, including the members of panchayat, members of various residents associations, merchants and religious and political representatives will fast at the newly erected marquee close to the factory till the arrested villagers are released.Panchayat president Sobhana Kumari said that the panchayat will continue to stand by the villagers in the struggle against garbage factory. \"We will soon get the arrested youths released. The ward-level committees that have been formed in 20 wards have become fully functional and they will be ready to organize themselves in case of an emergency,\" said Sobhana Kumari.The seven villagers, including Burhan, were arrested on charges of violating section 144, deliberately organizing blockades to prevent the implementation of high court order, vandalising police vehicles, pilfering objects from parked vehicles and assaulting police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335146", "title": "Acting was a distant dream for Siddharth Malhotra", "text": "It has been a roller-coaster ride so far for newbie 27-year-old Siddharth Malhotra, who says he assisted film directors and was into part-time modelling before landing himself in Karan Johar's 'Student of the Year'.For Siddharth, who is making his debut in the yet-to-be-released film, modelling and acting both happened by chance. \"Modelling happened by chance as someone told me will you do modeling and get paid. I felt it was a easy way to earn good money. It was just a part time thing that I was doing,\" Siddharth told in an exclusive interview.Later, he came to Mumbai to act in a film that never took off, only to discover that he will have to first take up a job of being an assistant director. \"I had never thought of getting into the film industry. When I came to Mumbai four-five years back, I was modelling in Delhi with an agency. Then I was to audition for a film that was for Anubhav Sinha and produced by Adlabs. They selected me as an actor,\" Siddharth said.\"I was on a high but the film never worked out. It was a big downer. Then I thought since I am trying to get into this industry I must learn the nitty gritty of films. Hence I took up assisting to understand the technicalities of filmmaking,\" he said.\"My modeling agency used to ask us to give auditions for ad films and full-fledged feature films. When I came to Mumbai it was then when the Bollywood bug bite me. And I felt I can get a chance and do something in this industry. From there onwards it all started,\" Siddharth said.The aspiring actor wanted to be part of the film industry but was clueless of how it functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16329059", "title": "Draft mining policy now redundant", "text": "PANAJI: The Shah commission report recommending capping of mining activity and also restriction on removal of dumps has rendered the state government's draft mining policy redundant and it should rework one aimed at scientific mining and restoration, say greens.The NGOs had only last week rejected the draft policy as a \"dump mining policy\" as it was loaded in favour of removal of mining rejection. \"With the Shah commission report being tabled in Parliament, the draft mining policy becomes an useless piece of paper,\" Claude Alvares of Goa Foundation said.The commission has stated in its report that procedures of obtaining environment clearance and Indian bureau of mines clearance have to be followed to handle dumps.\"As one-third of the mining policy deals with mining from dumps, the draft policy has become redundant,\" Alvares said. Agreed Ramesh Gauns, Bicholim-based social activist, \"Out of a total of 90 points discussed in the policy, 32 of them are about the dumps. If these are deleted, this means the rest of the document becomes meaningless,\" he said.Though the state government is looking at revenue generation for its schemes by allowing the handling of dumps, there is a legal aspect to it. \"The state government can get involved only in transportation and storage aspects of mining, and not dump handling,\" Alvares said.Gauns added that the state will have to adhere to the Shah commission recommendations. It has recommended capping of mining activity and reducing production to 12.5 million tonnes. The Goa draft mining policy also speaks about sustainable and scientific mining. \"Hence, this point should be well taken, or the draft mining policy becomes punctured and worthless,\" Gauns said. But the loss on possible dump handling can be more than made up by initiating a process of recovery of the Rs 3,500 crores lost due to the illegal mining activity. \"Around Rs 1,500 crore was expected to be raised from dumps, but the government has to take stringent action to recover Rs 35,000 crores,\" Gauns said.The government should not allow the lease holders involved in illegalities to work the leases any further.\"The government should consider a drastic change in the policy to lay down whether big companies indicted by the commission should be allowed afresh to work the leases,\" Gauns said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16330581", "title": "Thackeray for Sushma as NDA\u2019s PM candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bal Thackeray , chief of BJP's oldest ally Shiv Sena, has endorsed Sushma Swaraj as the NDA's prime ministerial candidate, reigniting the divisive leadership issue within the main opposition party.The pitch comes at a time when the party is in an aggressive mood and needs to project a united face to take on the ruling Congress over irregularities in coal block allocations.Thackeray, in an interview to Sena mouthpiece Saamna on Sunday, said Swaraj was the only \"deserving\" BJP leader for the prime minister's post.\"At present there is only one person who is intelligent, brilliant \u2014 Sushma Swaraj. I have said this many times... She would be a great choice for PM's post,\" he said when asked who in the BJP could become the prime ministerial candidate.Many leaders fit for PM's job: BJPShiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's pitch for Sushma Swaraj as the prime ministerial candidate evoked a weak response, as expected, from the BJP with all top leaders remaining silent.Spokesman Balbir Punj said the BJP had \"a number of capable leaders\" who could become prime minister. Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi added, \"BJP has many leaders who are competent to become prime minister and are acceptable in the country... a decision on this will be taken by BJP and its NDA partners at the time of the elections.\"Predictably, BJP's other important ally, JD(U), said the NDA would take a call on the prime ministerial candidate when the time comes.The endorsement for Swaraj comes soon after she met the Sena supremo in Mumbai last week, and also coincides with a vicious campaign against a senior party leader, making vile allegations against him which is being viewed as linked to the power struggle within the BJP.With the party scheduled to hold its national executive and national council meeting later this month the leadership debate is surely going to hold precedence.The Congress took a swipe at the NDA, with Manish Tewari saying, \"The larger NDA suffers from a unique malady of anointing prime ministers without awaiting for people's verdict... The NDA/BJP should not count their chickens before they hatch.While in 2007, there was one prime minister-in-waiting (in NDA), by 2012, the numbers are multiplying at a rate that defies the logic of calculation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330985", "title": "Licence revoked", "text": "With London Metropolitan University's licence being revoked by UKBA recently, a taskforce has been set up to support genuine students to find another education provider. Education Times reports.The London Metropolitan University's (LMU) licence was revoked on August 29 by the UK Border Agency (UKBA) due to 'serious and systemic failures,' thus affecting 359 Indian students at the university. The decision affects up to 2,600 continuing international students who will have until December 1 to find an alternative sponsor or face deportation. In a development following the announcement , as updated on the university website, LMU has instructed its lawyers to commence urgent legal action to challenge the revocation of its 'Highly Trusted' status for sponsoring international students, so that its students can return to study as a matter of urgency.Malcolm Gillies, vice-chancellor of LMU said: \"London Met will fight this revocation, which is based on a highly flawed report by the UKBA. The university will continue to give top priority to the interests of our international students who have been so distressed by this action.\"However, a British High Commission spokesperson said, the priority is to help legitimate students affected by this decision to revoke the Tier 4 sponsor licence from LMU to help them to find a new course of equivalent value and to carry over to their new courses the credits they have built up. A taskforce has, therefore, been set up in the UK, according to the spokesperson, to assist genuine students affected by this decision to revoke London Met's sponsor licence. The taskforce comprises the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE), Universities UK (UUK), the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS), the UK Border Agency (UKBA) and the National Union of Students (NUS). It is working with London Met to support genuine students to find another education provider with whom to continue their studies.Genuine students currently studying at LMU do not need to take any immediate action. UKBA will write to them after October 1. They will then have 60 days to make a new student application to study at another education institution , or to arrange to leave the UK. The 60 days will start from the date the UKBA contacts the student.Eric Thomas , president of Universities UK, said that the first priority is to support the students affected by this action to ensure that, wherever possible, they can stay in the UK and continue their studies. UUK and the UK HE International Unit will be working with a taskforce that has been set up to mitigate the impact of this decision on students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "16331276", "title": "Cooks protest move to privatize school midday meal scheme", "text": "SANGRUR: Denouncing the Punjab government proposal to hand over the midday meal scheme to contractors in schools coming under the purview of eight municipal corporations, the midday meal cooks plan to take to streets in protest. Terming the proposal as a step towards privatization of meals at schools, the cooks wanted the proposal to be shelved immediately.There are about 40,000 cooks, who prepare meals for about 15 lakh students across Punjab in more than 15,000 schools. As a first step, the government is planning to allot meal scheme to contractors in eight MCs in the state. On Sunday, hundreds of cooks assembled at Sangrur DC office to protest the state government proposal.The Democratic Midday Meal Cook Front, Punjab general secretary, Mandeep Kaur, said, \"By privatizing the meal scheme, Punjab government is finding ways to snatch employment from 40,000 cooks, employed in it. The move will not be tolerated at any cost. If the state government went ahead with the proposal, the cooks will intensify their struggle across the state\".The women cooks also demanded that the midday meal scheme be covered under Minimum Wages Act as presently they were being paid only Rs 1,200 a month and no dearness allowance, insurance scheme or labour rates are being provided. Terming their job as a high risk one, front leaders Jasbir Kaur of Lehragaga, Shehnaz of Moonak, Mukesh Rani of Amargarh and Madhu Bala said that as they have to work in front of fire under adverse circumstances, they should be covered with insurance of Rs 2 lakh and that salaries should be put in their accounts directly. The cooks also handed over a memorandum, addressed to Punjab chief minister, seeking an early meeting with CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kandahar/london", "code": "16335115", "title": "Taliban issue 'kill notice' for Prince Harry", "text": "KANDAHAR/LONDON: Taliban on Monday threatened to kill Britain's Prince Harry, who is serving a fresh deployment in Afghanistan as an Apache attack helicopter pilot, four years after his previous battle stint in the war-torn country was cut short over similar threats.Describing 27-year-old Prince Harry as a \"high-value target\", a militia spokesman said they will \"make their best efforts to arrest or kill\" him, the Sky news reported.The army captain, the third in line to the British throne, arrived in Afghanistan for his second tour of duty last week. He is deployed in southern province of Helmand, one of the bloodiest war zones in the 10-year-old conflict.The London-based TV channel quoted Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid as saying: \"Whoever is fighting in our country alongside the US is our enemy and we will attack him.\"\"Prince Harry came to Afghanistan and he is a high value target for us. We will try to arrest him. Because he is an Apache helicopter pilot, he will target us more. If we are not able to arrest him we will target him,\" he said.The new kill notice on Harry by Taliban comes just two days after the militant group had dismissed his deployment as a propaganda stunt, saying it was apparently to divert attention from his escapades in US.The royal Apache pilot hit the headlines last month after he was photographed naked at a party in Las Vegas, US. He will spent four months based at the heavily fortified Camp Bastion at Helmand.The Prince is to complete training courses this week in first aid, shooting and improvised explosive device awareness, before starting his Apache-specific preparation. During this phase of training, which starts today, he will climb into the cockpit and begin to familiarise himself with the way the deadly aircraft is configured for the country.Harry is not expected to be sent out to take on Taliban for at least another seven days, the TV channel reported quoting unnamed sources.In 2008, Harry was hastily withdrawn from Afghanistan when a news blackout surrounding his deployment, on the ground directing aircraft in attacks on Taliban positions, was broken by foreign media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328285", "title": "SC/STs well represented in state government jobs", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka has done well in representation for SC/STs in government jobs. The passage of the constitutional amendment Bill to provide reservations in promotion to SC/STs in government jobs may further boost their chances to be in top posts.While the constitutionally prescribed norm is 15% representation to SCs and 3% to STs, Karnataka has nearly 17% SCs and over 4% STs in government service.According to the report on the representation of Scheduled Castes (SC) and Scheduled Tribes (ST) in state civil services as on March 31,2011, published by the directorate of economics and statistics from information collected through 85 departments, 92,998 SCs and 24,877 STs are employed by the state government. Of these, 71 departments have more than 15% representation.While total sanctioned posts in the state is 6,81,115, thefilled-up posts are 5,50,155. This means SCs represent nearly 1.9% (10,475) and STs 1.52% (8,372) of the total work force. Sandeep Shastry, pro-chancellor, Jain University, says the promotion quota bill is justified as there aren't many officers in top ranks.Government jobs are still most preferred by SC/STs. The increase in awareness and competitiveness among oppressed classes has made SC/STs choose these jobs. Besides coaching classes for civil services examination, there are instances of SC/ST candidates getting jobs in the general category without citing their caste while applying for exams.Constitutional expert Ravi Varma Kumar said the trend is due to successive state governments providing good incentives. \"Reservations in Karnataka were provided for the first time in 1874 and has been continuing since then,\" he added. Kumar felt the cap of 15% and 3% for SCs and STs should be revised as their total population, according to 2011 census, is 17% and 8%.The maximum representation of SCs is in education department with 39,428 (16.33%), followed by police with 14,336 (18.35%). Least representation is in population centre with 2 and national highways with 51 employees. STs are more in police 3,577 (4.58%) and education department 10,623 (4.40%).\"The opportunity and ability to use it has been a success story of Karnataka. It's beyond doubt that the competitiveness of SCs are in-depth. A significant percentage of SCs have competed in general/merit quota and succeeded.\"Sandeep Shastry | pro-vice chancellor, Jain UniversityWho's where in govt jobsTotal sanctioned posts/SCs/STsGroup A 18,866 2,692(16.93%) 662(4.16%)Group B 51,192 5,737(14.88%) 1,319(3.42%)Group C 5,25,268 71,508(16.27%) 19,086(4.34%)Group D 85,789 13,061(23.20%) 3,810(6.77%)Source: Directorate of economics and statistics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330512", "title": "Inter-school science competition in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: An inter-school science project competition for the students of classes XI and XII will be held to provide them with a hands on and fun-filled learning experience. Times NIE is organizing the event, to be held for the first time in the city in association with the University of Engineering and Management, Jaipur and Institute of Engineering and Management, Kolkata.The competition will be held on September 30 at the South City International School Auditorium from 10am onwards. The exhibition of projects and judging will be done on the same day. The teams coming first, second and third will be awarded exciting prizes, while 15 more teams will be given special awards. Around 100 city schools will participate in the competition and explore their talents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329545", "title": "'Proper hygiene can check spread of diarrhoea, pneumonia'", "text": "RANCHI: About 50,000 children of less than five years old in Jharkhand die every year. Of them, about 18,000 children die of diarrhoea and pneumonia, state head of the Unicef Job Zachariah said while adding that death of about 8,000 children could be prevented every year by adopting hygiene practices.The Unicef jointly with the state government launched a campaign to promote hygiene on international literacy day on Saturday. During the two-and-a-half month long campaign, efforts will be made to inculcate hygiene practices among 60 lakh students in 40,000 schools and 23 lakh children in 38,000 anganwadi centres in the state. About 20 lakh pregnant and lactating women will be counselled on hygiene practices during the campaign. Explaining the need of maintaining hygiene, Zachariah said, \"Washing hands with soap is the cheapest vaccine or medicine against diseases. About 50% cases of diarrhoea and 25% cases of pneumonia can be prevented by washing hand with soap before eating food and after defecation. This simple practice can also prevent typhoid, jaundice and water born diseases.\"Additional chief secretary of the drinking water and sanitation department Sudhir Prasad said, \"The schools should ensure that discussions on health and hygiene take places in schools. We should use local festivals as a platform to disseminate messages on health, hygiene and sanitation.\"He appealed to mukhiyas and jal sahhiyas to promote construction of toilets under the new programme of Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan.Schoolchildren will undertake processions spreading hygiene messages. Bal Sansad (school cabinet) in all institutions will monitor hygiene practices of children in the morning assembly and teachers will tell stories and conduct activities on hygiene and sanitation. School management committees will make efforts to make toilets functional in schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329528", "title": "Land stir: Nagri residents protest outside CM's house", "text": "RANCHI: Over 200 people on Saturday laid siege to the official residence of chief minister Arjun Munda demanding return of their acquired land at Nagri village, a day after they did a similar demonstration at deputy chief minister Hemant Soren's house.A large number of security personnel were deployed at the CM's house to keep the agitators at bay. But the protesters refused to listen to the men in khaki and insisted on meeting the chief minister. Finally, police had to set up barricades near Ram Mandir to disperse the agitators.Dayamani Barla, the leader of the movement, along with over 100 women and children staged a dharna near Ram Mandir at Main Road to press for their demands. The children carried placards in their hands which read \"Nagri raiyoto ki jamin wapas karo\". Many of the agitators carried black flags as a mark of protest.The Nagri issue will come up for hearing at the high court on Tuesday. \"We want to garner more and more attention on the issue. It is our genuine demand and it should never be ignored,\" said Barla. The agitators also shouted slogans in their support.Arun Pradhan, another activist, said the state was separated from Bihar just to ensure that the tribal have their claims on their lands. \"The basic purpose of the separation of Jharkhand has been defeated. It was created to preserve the rights of the tribal on jal (water), jungle (forest) and jamin (land). But the government is hell bent upon snatching the lands away from tribal,\" said Pradhan.As Munda was busy with some review meetings, deputy secretary at the CM's secretariat Maghu Baraik gave an audience to the agitators. \"I have received a memorandum from the agitators. They have demanded release of the acquired land and withdrawal of cases against all Nagri villagers,\" said Baraik. A large number of Nagri villagers were booked after they had clashed with police only July 4 when the villagers were demolishing the boundary walls of the educational hub and police tried to stop them.A total of 227 acres of land has been acquired by the government to construct IIM Ranchi, central law university and IIITs at Nagri, about 20 km from Ranchi. The villagers claim that the land is agricultural and the government should not make it an educational hub. Several bandhs have been called on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329572", "title": "Mining industry must focus on human development: CM", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda asked the mining industry in Jharkhand to be concerned about human development.Munda, who could not make it to the Confederation of Indian Industries' daylong conference on 'Sustainable Mining -- The Road Ahead' on Saturday, said in a message that, \"Human development matters most to the government.\"The conference had leaders from mining industry who explored possibilities of human development in areas of mining. Although mining is plagued by problems ranging from ecological, environmental, human development to deforestation, still it can flourish, feel experts.\"Leaders from the mining industry should be philanthropic in nature. Companies engaging in humanitarian acts will bail the industry out of such problems and help in progress,\" chairman and managing director of the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) Gopal Singh said adding, \"CCL will open medical units in areas where it operates. The hospitals will cater for ones living within 15 km radius of the mining area and affected by our projects.\"He also announced the upcoming diploma institute in Rajrappa by the company for people affected by its mining projects.Industry experts laid emphasis on restoration of mined areas. \"If mined areas are restored, locals would also appreciate the efforts. Since mining and well-maintained environment don't go hand in hand, restoration is the only way ahead to ensure human development,\" the chief executive officer (mining business), Monnet Ispat and Energy Limited said.Another expert stressed on the positive aspect of mining and how it could help improve the irrigation system of the state. \"Mine pits can be used for rainwater harvesting. It has the potential to recharge the depleting water tables,\" he said.Environmental and social challenges thrown up by mining are opportunities in disguise.\"The problems provide the companies scope to use innovation,\" additional chief secretary of Jharkhand A K Sarkar said, adding, \"To avoid pollution and ecological problems, which would in turn hamper the development of the country, the mining industry should come up with eco-friendly technology and introduce human development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16328948", "title": "Kochi to host inaugural match of next year\u2019s Celebrity Cricket League", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi will host the inaugural match of Celebrity Cricket League (CCL) next year. Kerala Strikers will take on Mumbai Heroes at Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium on February 9, 2013. Sharjah hosted the previous edition.Addressing a press conference in Kochi on Sunday, Kerala Strikers captain Mohanlal said, a colourful inaugural ceremony will be held during the match interval and celebrities from across India will attend it. Film stars will get an opportunity to reinforce their relationship with actors from other states, he said.Kerala Strikers joined CCL last year and with the Punjabi and Marathi film industry teams joining the bandwagon, the number of teams will now be eight. While 20% of the revenue generated through the matches played by the team would go to Association of Malayalam Movie Artistes, 5% would be given to the CM's relief fund. The revenue will be used to help artistes, who require financial aid. The match dates will be given to actors in advance to ensure that their shooting schedules do not clash with the event. Mohanlal and Indrajith will continue as the captain and vice-captain. .A selection exercise was held in Kochi on Saturday at St Paul's college ground in Kalamassery. Around 39 actors came to earn a place in the team. By January, the number of team members will be 20 and only 16 will be included in the final team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328246", "title": "Kevin Pietersen asks ECB to probe against Swann and Anderson", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even out in the cold and denied a central contract, Kevin Pietersen seems in no mood to relent. According to a website, Pietersen has named ex-England teammates Graeme Swann and James Anderson as the principal figures behind the controversial parody twitter account called 'KP Genius', which played a major role in fomenting trouble in the England dressing room and led to KP's eventual ouster from the team.Pietersen is now insisting that the England and Wales Cricket board ( ECB) carry out an investigation into Swann and Anderson's roles in \"feeding information\" to the parody account. The move follows a failed meeting with England coach Andy Flower a week ago and comes days ahead of the squad selection for the tour to India.Pietersen feels the contents of private conversations between him, Anderson and Swann were referenced in various tweets from the fake account, the website reported. After it was closed down, a so-called cricket fan called Richard Bailey, who is close to England's T20 captain Stuart Broad , had claimed ownership of the 'KP Genius' account. Broad has been quick to deny any involvement in the tweets from that account, which mocked Pietersen's love for money, IPL and India and his apparently egocentric behaviour around teammates.\"Pietersen remains convinced that other England players were involved and he has made his feelings clear,\" the website reported. \"If he is to reach what he views as a fair compromise with his reputation intact and with an admission of faults on both sides then it seems that he is not prepared to let this matter rest.\"The report added: \"Pietersen feels he has been the victim of double standards from the board after being disciplined for sending private messages to members of the South Africa team that contained derogatory comments about recently retired Test captain Andrew Strauss .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16330326", "title": "Siddu wants CBI to book BSY in Belekeri ore case", "text": "MYSORE: With the Supreme Court ordering a CBI probe into export of illegally mined ore from Belekeri port, opposition leader Siddaramaiah targeted former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, asking the central investigating agency to book the BJP leader.The portfolios of mines and geology, forest and finance were with Yeddyurappa during the period in which the apex court has asked for the CBI probe. \"It makes him culpable,\" he told reporters, arguing for the CBI to name Yeddyurappa in its FIR. Referring to the SC's Friday direction to probe the export of 50.79 lakh tonne of illegally mined ore through Belikeri in Uttara Kannada, Siddaramaiah said: \"Without Yeddyurappa's directive, it was not possible.\" According to him, the illegal export has led to the loss of Rs 2,500 crore to the exchequer.The departments of mines and geology and forest should have stopped illegal mining while the finance department should have been after collecting taxes at the port. \"Yeddyurappa is responsible for the lapse,\" he contended.Siddaramaiah met Suttur Mutt seer Shivaratri Deshikendra Swami and held talks with him for an hour, but played it down saying it was a courtesy call. \"There is no political significance to the meeting. I couldn't stay back for lunch during the 97th birth anniversary celebrations of Shivaratri Rajendra Swami and came to meet him in the mutt,\" he stated.Male Mahadeshwara and folkfareThe two-day Male Mahadeshwara Jayanti concluded on Sunday with a call to focus on the folklore associated with Male Mahadeshwara.Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said the folklore associated with Male Mahadeshwara speaks about his contribution for the welfare of the downtrodden. Referring to CM Jagadish Shettar's promise that an authority will be set up to promote the pilgrimage site and a centre will be created to study his works, the former dyCM said it is a good move. \"Let the government set up the chair at the folklore university,\" he suggested.Siddaramaiah said he likes to dance to the tunes of folk arts of kamsale, which is associated with Male Mahadeshwara tradition. \"Every time I listen to the rhythm of kamsale, I feel like dancing. I dance for some time during Siddarameshwara jatra at my home town Siddaramanahundi,\" he said, adding that he also feels like dancing when 'veeragase' is performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335519", "title": "I'm yet to play a role better than 'Ghajini': Asin", "text": "South import Asin, who has appeared in a number of Bollywood films after making her debut with \" Ghajini \", says she is yet to come across a role which allows her to perform even better than her first Hindi film.The 26-year-old actress played the love interest of Aamir Khan in the 2008 thriller and grabbed the Best Female Debut Filmfare award that year.\"I do hope that something like that comes my way. As an artist even you need some creative satisfaction. You too crave for a platform where you can get a chance to perform by digging your teeth into a fleshy character.\"I am too looking forward to a film which is in a commercial format and allows me to perform to an even better characterisation than 'Ghajini'. That would be terrific,\" Asin told .Having started her career primarily with Tamil and Telugu films, Asin did some light-hearted movies in Bollywood, such as \"Ready\", \"Housefull 2\" and \"Bol Bachchan\" after starring in an intense film like \"Ghajini\".She said that she is happy with her choice of films, which fetch audience in multiplexes.\"Other than the fact that your film definitely needs to be good enough to fetch audience, another major factor that comes into play is luck. Without that you can't really score a success. Secondly, the number of audience which is watching Hindi films has also increased tremendously,\" she said.Asin also scored a hat trick of 100-crore hits with \"Bol Bachchan\", \"Housefull 2\" and \"Ready\", which has led to her being compared with actress Kareena Kapoor, who has four 100 crore earners ( \"Ra.One\", \"Bodyguard\", \"Golmaal 3\", \"3 Idiots\" ) in her kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16331257", "title": "Raving about ravines", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: An indigenous technology developed by Central Soil and Water Conservation Research and Training Institute (CSWCRTI) is changing the landscape on the banks of Mahi river on the outskirts of Vadodara.The Vasad centre of Dehradunbased CSWCRTI working under the aegis of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) has developed a bamboo and anjan grass-based agricultural technology for enhancing productivity of ravines.This technology puts the degraded ravine land to productive use to obtain economic returns while protecting the environment. In Gujarat, ravines occupy an area of 0.4 million hectares. \"Organizations including Anandbased Foundation for Ecological Security (FES), Gujarat State Watershed Management Agency (GSWMA), Gujarat State Land Development Corporation (GSLDC), forest and agricultural departments and other agencies have taken up this technology for stabilizing the degraded ravine lands and improving livelihood of primary stake holders through reclamation and productive utilization of the ravine lands,\" says CSWCRTI head R S Kurothe.Through the technology, ravine lands under unproductive use are successfully reclaimed by planting bamboo on the gully beds and anjan grass on the side slopes and the interspaces of gully bed for economic utilization of gullied land.Apart from giving high returns, this technology also checks water erosion, thereby preventing soil loss from ravines. Also, reclamation of ravine lands not only provides livelihood support but also helps natural resource conservation and carbon sequestration in the long run. \"All the agencies put together, have utilized this technology for reclamation of nearly 1,000 hectares of community and wasteland on Mahi stretch,\" says Kurothe, adding that while the bamboo production starts from seventh year onwards with benefits worth Rs 50,000 per hectare per year, the grass production starts from second year itself. The technology is also targeted at meeting the growing demand for fodder in Gujarat. \"With the increasing human and cattle population, pressure on cultivable land is increasing. Dairy farming is one of the major enterprises in Gujarat and demand for fodder is increasing with each passing day. This has put pressure on marginal lands and warrants putting these waste lands into productive use for sustained and regular supply of fodder,\" says Kurothe, adding that around 3.67 million hectare constituting 1.12% of total geographical area in the country is under ravine lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328773", "title": "Bickerings force Azad to cancel Congress panel meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Internal bickerings within the state Congress forced AICC general secretary in charge of AP affairs Ghulam Nabi Azad to cancel the co-ordination committee meeting that he initially had planned to conduct here on Monday, highly-placed sources in the party said here on Sunday.Sources said chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy camp prevailed upon Azad to drop the idea as the CM was not too comfortable with facing questions on his leadership.PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi are the members of the co-ordination committee along with the CM and senior leaders, including former minister Mohd Shabbir Ali. Azad arrived here on Sunday to attend the wedding of Shabbir Ali's daughter in the evening.\"There would be fireworks at the co-ordination committee meeting over the leadership issue. The CM's supporters got wind of it and succeeded in stalling the meeting by prevailing upon Azad,\" said a senior Congress leader.Azar earlier in the day met senior leaders D Srinivas, V Hanumantha Rao and KVP Ramachandra Rao and others as some of them were understood to have urged him to call the co-ordination committee to discuss the change of guard issue. Azad, as chairman of the committee, was also keen to hold the meeting. Botsa and Chiranjeevi, who kicked up a furore over lack of co-ordination among party leaders, also wanted the meeting to happen.The last meeting of the committee ended abruptly when it was conducted just before the June bypolls. Meanwhile, Azad is expected to meet senior party leaders at Gandhi Bhavan on Monday after his scheduled programme at Vinoba Mandir in Pochampalli in Nalgonda district.Later in the evening, PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and chief minister Kiran Kumar had separate meeting with Azad at the Lake View Guesthouse.Medical education minister Kondru Murali and labour minister Danam Nagender, also met the Congress leader. Dharmana Prasada Rao, minister for roads and buildings, who has resigned after he was named in the CBI chargesheet in the Jagan assets case, called on Azad. The latter is understood to have discussed the resignation issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329248", "title": "Furious residents give up on authorities, lay their own roads", "text": "CHENNAI: Citizens from a handful of areas in the city have set an example by taking matters into their own hands, by laying their own road. Hundreds of complaints are being filed by residents about bad roads in both the earlier limits of the corporation and in the extended areas, with little being done to rectify this issue. The residents of Nolambur, who moved into the fast developing locality in 2006, ran from pillar to post trying to get authorities to lay the Sri Ram Nagar main road, which is the only route connecting the apartment complexes to Bharathi Salai, a main road in West Mogappair.\"None of the office we approached including the Panchayat Head and collector could not take any action because the road was caught in a legal wrangle,\" said G Suresh, Federation of Nolambur Residents Associations ( FONRA) president. In October 2011, the residents decided to lay the road themselves, by hiring a few road workers and pooling in the funds themselves.\"Seven associations contributed close to Rs 67,000 totally,\" he said. This action helped in sending out a strong message to the government. However, this is not the first such incident. Many years ago, the Jai Nagar residents association who are based just off Koyambedu, also made a similar attempt to lay a road connecting Jai Nagar to the arterial Inner Ring road.\"Knowing that it takes time, we hired a person, to lay a motorable passage,\" says Chandramohan, the president of the association.A road becomes a 'private road' when the developers do not surrender the road to the corporation. T C A Vijay Ananth, a resident of Kanakasri Nagar said, \"Once we know it is a private road, it is understood that the maintenance is our responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16330072", "title": "Fresh tension in coastal villages over nod for loading of fuel", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A large number of villagers took out a march to Kudankulam on Sunday, in an attempt to besiege the nuclear plant there. The villagers were protesting the decision to load enriched uranium fuel in the first reactor of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) in Tirunelveli district, sparking fresh bout of tension in the coastal villages.As police personnel prevented the villagers from getting closer to the multi-crore Indo-Russian nuclear plant, the villagers sat on the seashore at Vairavikinaru hamlet, about half-a-km away from the plant site. The protesters led by People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) coordinator S P Udhayakumar said that they would not move from the spot and continue the protest. \"We want the decision to load uranium fuel be dropped. We will not move from this place until we get an assurance from chief minister J Jayalalithaa,\" Udhayakumar said.Talks held by Tirunelveli collector R Selvaraj and SP Vijayendra Bidari with the protesters failed. \"We explained that the protest was illegal as the Madras high court has dismissed the petition of the protesters. Besides, violation of Section 144 was also against law. But the protesters refused to listen and are staging the protest,\" said Bidari.About 4,000-strong police force drawn from Tirunelveli and adjoining districts as well as Rapid Action Force had been deployed in Kudankulam, Idinthakarai and sensitive coastal spots. South zone IG, Rajesh Das, Tirunelveli Range DIG V Varadharaju and SPs from adjoining districts are camping in Kudankulam.PMANE had called upon the villagers for the march to the Kudankulam nuclear plant in a bid to lay siege to the plant as the KKNPP officials were preparing to load enriched uranium fuel in the first reactor. Anticipating mass mobilisation of the villagers, a large posse of police personnel were deployed in and around Kudankulam. The police also sealed entry points to Kudankulam. However, the villagers, who assembled at Idinthakarai village, the epicentre of the anti-nuclear protests, began the march around 10am along the seashore to the nuclear plant site. The police intercepted them at Vairavikinaru and stopped them from progressing. Moments later, collector Selvaraj and Bidari visited the spot and held talks with the villagers.The protesters, including a large number of women along with their children have decided to stay indefinitely there. All the shops and trade outlets in and around Kudankulam remained shut.Meanwhile in Tuticorin, fishermen observed a day's fast expressing solidarity with the anti-Kudankulam protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16332936", "title": "'Dolphin' man crusades to save national aquatic animal", "text": "PATNA:Popularly known as 'Dolphin man', Patna University zoologist Prof R K Sinha has been waging a battle over the past three decades to save the dolphin - the country's national marine mammal.\"There are only about 2500 dolphins in the Ganga river basin according to a 2006 survey out of which 60% are found exclusively in Bihar,\" Sinha told PTI.The dolphins, particularly of the Gangetic variety, were found at the confluence of the Ganga and Saryu rivers at Doriganj in Saran district, the confluence of the Ganga and Gandak confluence at Sonepur in the same district and the confluence of Ganga and Koshi at Kursela in Katihar district.The decreasing number of dolphins because of water pollution led the Centre to declare it as national aquatic animal in May 2010 and take steps for its protection and conservation, Sinha said.The central government also recognized dolphins as a highly endangered species under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, Sinha said.The zoologist, who has been working on a campaign to save the dolphin since his students days in 1970s, said that decrease in depth of rivers due to increasing siltation and rise in effluents have led to reduction in habitat of the mammal and decline in its population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "a few friends of mine came together to start a new venture. they set aside a corpus to provide for their families before chasing their dream. they did quite well in the first two years. however, they closed down abruptly a few days ago just as they were poised to take off. the reason", "code": "16330256", "title": "How to deal with inflation", "text": "A few friends of mine came together to start a new venture. They set aside a corpus to provide for their families before chasing their dream. They did quite well in the first two years. However, they closed down abruptly a few days ago just as they were poised to take off. The reason: inflation . Their families simply could not cope with the rising prices and uncertainty of income to allow them their entrepreneurial indulgence.Inflation has manifested in the middle-class households in areas other than the bare necessities. The cost of education from pre-primary to college level has soared. The cost of buying a house across major cities is beyond the reach of most. They either pay a very high rent, or have taken loans to buy a house, mostly in the suburbs. The EMI is the biggest draw on a family's income. The next big drain is in the form of transportation expenses to commute to school, work and social outings. Several maintain multiple vehicles, from cars to a bike per adult family member.The rate of inflation that applies to just these three major costs of Indian households is not the rate that the government publishes. It is far higher, and in many cases, higher than the rate of growth in household income. The proportionate share of these expenses in the household budget is increasing with inflation, leaving less for other expenses and, importantly, for saving and investment . Worse, households end up spending tomorrow's income today, taking loans to fund these expenses.The underlying cause for the uncontrolled inflation in the key consumables of the household is the failure of the government to do its job. Private players offer services at usurious costs to meet the demands of a growing middle class, which aspires to move up the ladder and secure a higher level of income. If policy action is needed to help households manage inflation, it is in building the infrastructure that the growing middle class needs to manage its monthly budgets efficiently.There is an alternate argument. It says that the RBI and, subsequently, the banking system should reduce interest rates. This is expected to make money available for businesses to invest in producing what the households demand, while also enabling them to borrow for their homes, education and vehicles at a lower cost. This is expected to increase the production of goods and services in the system and bring down the prices eventually . There are risks in trying to do this when infrastructure is not in place. It may be difficult for low-cost funds alone to build useful infrastructure if bottlenecks exist. The mushrooming of lowquality and high-cost engineering and management colleges across the country is an example of what lack of policy initiatives can do. Players with no background in education have set up institutions with the singular aim of making profits. The cost of education has moved up, while employability of the graduates who pass out has been dropping. Educational loans have soared, but have become a high-risk venture for banks as repayment by graduates who are unable to find employment is becoming tough.Low interest rates also fuel speculative booms in real estate, which add to the woes of a household. Classic finan cial planning advises households to re sist from taking loans, and to save and invest to meet financial goals. In a sce nario of high inflation in essential goods and services that a typical household consumes, not only does saving become tough, but borrowing also moves up. How can one fight this inflation without wait ing for the government to fill up the ob vious gaps?First, the key assets in a household are people. The spouses of all my friends who entered the entrepreneurship venture were not gainfully employed. So 50% of the human resources of their households did not bring the much needed revenue. The choices that women make about home and career are personal. Let us not delve into an argu ment about how women at home play critical role and cannot be undermined Several women generate revenue work ing out of home on a range of enter prises. Inflationary situations call for augmentation of resources. Households should address this question in their personal context.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328809", "title": "Setback to JDA anti-eviction drive", "text": "JAIPUR: The JDA enforcement team on Sunday returned empty handed during its drive against encroachment in the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah due to lack of planning.When the team reached Sonkhiya farm in zone - 5 to remove to illegal constructions, it could not carry out the drive as no prior notice under Section 32 of the JDA Act were issued to the affected owners. After receiving directions from higher authorities, it was decided that notices should be issued to the owners before removing the encroachment. Officials said the team could not carry out the drive due to lack of planning.\"On Sunday, we have issued notice to the farm owner under Section 32, asking to remove the illegal constructions. Three days' time has been given to reply to the notice. After that, the JDA will demolish the illegal construction,\" JDA enforcement officer Poonam Bishnoi told TOI.According to the officials, the enforcement team will also remove a temporary work site of a contracted company working for Jaipur Metro. \"The company has assured that the temporary construction will be removed on its own. But if it didn't, we will demolish the structure,\" an official said.The official informed that huge constructions are made by farm owners in the catchment area. A concrete road, approximately 400 feet long and 20 feet wide is in the catchment area. Similarly, a swimming pool, two rooms, a wall, a cemented hut and temporary construction are seen in the catchment area.Meanwhile, the team conducted a survey and demarcated the nullah and continued demolition of the portion of Neerja Modi School constructed in the catchment area. An official said the team will also remove the encroachment by the Grass Field Club on Monday.The JDA started demarcation of the nullah from Maharni Farm to Shipra Path end since last Sunday. To make the nullah 205 feet wide, the enforcement team has issued 53 notices to owners of houses in the catchment area. An official said JDA has issued 20 notices in Jagannathpuri, 15 in Kiran Vihar, six in Shiv Shankar Vistar, four in Shiv Vihar, five in Ganpati Nagar and two notices in Ganesh Vistar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330205", "title": "SP fulfills promise to the unemployed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amid much mirth caused by confusion over the quantum of unemployment allowance, the Samajwadi Party government on Sunday launched its flagship scheme at a function in Lucknow. The government's promise to pay out different doles to a cross-section of people over the coming months appears to have confused Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, who got caught in a web of numbers and forgot how much the beneficiaries of the unemployment dole would receive each month.Taking the stage to make his congratulatory speech, Mulayam said, \"Unemployment doles will only be paid once. Next year, a new set of beneficiaries will be identified. Also, Rs 30,000 every month as unemployment dole is a handsome amount.'' After the first reference, the crowds dismissed the amount as a mistake.A repeated reference, however, had chief minister Akhilesh Yadav intervening quickly to clarify the situation. After some quick mental math, the SP chief realised the error and turned to the public once again, adding: \"Well, we could have given Rs 30,000 too. But we want the people to get employed. Right now, though, beneficiaries will be paid Rs 1000 each month.\"On Sunday, nearly 10,500 persons found eligible for the unemployment benefits were issued account payee cheques of Rs 2,000 each as unemployment allowance for the months of July and August.In the first release, unemployment allowance was given out to beneficiaries from Sitapur, Hardoi, Lakhimpur-Kheri, Rae Bareli, Unnao, Kanpur city and Lucknow.In future, the doles will be given on a quarterly basis through electronic transfer into the bank accounts of beneficiaries who will be informed of the same through SMS on their respective mobiles.Among one of key poll promises made by the Samajwadi Party during the assembly elections this year, the scheme covers people between the age of 25 and 40 years and whose monthly family income is less than Rs 36,000. Mulayam said the slogan of \"Either give employment or give an unemployment allowance'' was first voiced by Dr Ram Manohar Lohia in 1971, and added, \"The Samajwadi Party had worked long and hard to realise this dream. Unlike all other political parties, whose manifestos are never read or rubbished, SP's 24-page list of promises, you will see, will be realised well within five years.'' Addressing the masses before distributing the unemployment dole cheques to beneficiaries, Akhilesh said that this was only the beginning for the party's rule in UP.\"Six months have passed by quickly. We are working hard to make visible changes to people's lives in the area of power as well as other sectors. The unemployment allowance will be given every year. We have noticed that the numbers of applications are increasing. If necessary, we will also increase the budget allocation.''Akhilesh also said the previous SP government had made serious attempts to created a conducive atmosphere for industry in UP. As a result, 26 sugar mills had come up in the state. However, industrial development came to a grinding halt in the BSP regime. Highlighting special incentive schemes for women and minority communities, the chief minister also said that apart from the unemployment allowance, he would ensure that basic requirements for a living were given to the unemployed in the state, and added that the state government would also launch the Kanya Vidyadhan Yojana under which Rs 30,000 would be given to girls passing out from class XII. Similar financial aid would also be given to girl students from the minority community who pass class X, he said.Also speaking at the distribution ceremony, chief secretary Jawed Usmani said a sum of Rs 73,000 crore had been provided for implementing the SP government's development agenda through tax/non-tax heads in 2012-13.Various policies, pertaining to infrastructure, industrial and agriculture, he added, have also been formulated to develop the state as an investment destination. Usmani said 16 major policies and schemes have been included in UP's development agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16329480", "title": "BHU\u2019s Genetic Centre working for diagnose of genetic diseases", "text": "VARANASI: The Centre for Genetic Disorders of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) works with a vision to make a healthy and health-conscious society with reduced genetic burden and better management of disease.The focus of centre is to estimate the burden of genetic disease on the community, unravel their underlying molecular mechanism and develop strategies to diagnose, treat and manage them. To achieve this, the centre has research programmes on genetic and complex disorders, a diagnostic unit for chromosomal and genetic disorders and a teaching programme to produce technically skilled resource personnel for research, diagnostic and management.According to the annual report of BHU (2010-11), the centre provided diagnostic service for chromosomal/genetic disorders in nearly 400 cases including those of families for DMD (Duchenne muscular dystrophy) and Thalassemia last year. It also undertook population screening for Thalassemia of over 1600 from Bihar , Chhattishgarh, Jharkhand and Eastern UP. Along with the basic and clinical research in human molecular genetics, the centre also provides patient care services through Cytogenetic and Molecular Genetic tests. This is the only one of a kind facility at Varanasi and adjoining areas in UP.The facilities are being used for patient care and various research programmes both basic and clinical of the centre. Annually the centre provides Cytogenetic and Molecular diagnostic services for nearly 500 referred cases from whole eastern UP and western Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330469", "title": "Three more dengue deaths take toll to 22", "text": "KOLKATA: The dengue toll in the city rose to 22 with three more deaths reported on Sunday, including that of footballer Ranjit Halder, who died in a private city hospital.While Asim Biswas, a resident of mayor Sovon Chatterjee's ward, died in a private nursing home on Sunday, Budge Budge's Noor Mohammed Molla, 68, died in M R Bangoor hospital on Saturday afternoon, a day after he was shifted to the hospital. A resident of Santoshpur village in Budge Budge, Molla had tested positive for dengue at the Vidyasagar Hospital in Behala and was moved to Bangoor on Friday.Ranjit, in his early 20s, was a resident of Sodepur and has played for BNR Recreating Club. He had tested positive five days ago and was on rest for sometime due to an injury he had suffered during a match. \"Ranjit had played for our club in 2007 and 2008. We have got the news of his death,\" said P K Basu, secretary, BNR Recreation Club. Biswas was admitted to the Jodhpur Park nursing home two days back. His NS-1 test was positive.Meanwhile, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) councillor Dipu Das, who tested positive for dengue last week, was refused admission to the Calcutta National Medical College Hospital (CNMCH) on Saturday. She had been offered a bed at the surgical ward of the hospital as there was no vacancy at the medicine ward. She had been advised hospitalization even though there was no vacancy at the hospital. Das' family, later, moved her to a private hospital.According to CNMCH sources, CPM councillor Das had to be shifted after patients at the surgical ward objected to her admission. CNMCH superintendent Partha Pratim Pradhan, however, refused to confirm if Das had dengue. \"She had been brought to the hospital with fever. But dengue had probably not been confirmed,\" he said. Jiban Saha, another councillor, has tested positive for dengue too.Scores of critical dengue patients were admitted to hospitals across the city. There has been an outbreak at Budge Budge, claimed panchayat karmadhakshya Molla Mohammed Iqbal . Noor Mohammed Molla, who died at MR Bangoor on Saturday, was Iqbal's uncle. \"Several from our village are now in various hospitals and nursing homes in the city. The outbreak is getting severe and we are having to rush patients to Kolkata almost everyday,\" said Iqbal. Shobha Singha, 32, a resident of Budge Budge has been admitted to a Thakurpukur nursing home with dengue. Iqbal alleged that facilities in several nursing homes were not up to the mark. \"Dengue patients are being asked to shift which is often turning out to be fatal,\" he said. Molla had been shifted from the Vidyasagar Hospital after five days of treatment, apparently because the hospital didn't have adequate facilities to handle a dengue patient.Minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya reiterated on Sunday that adequate steps have been taken to counter dengue. \"We are using enough rapid test and Mac Elisa kits to detect the disease quickly. Mosquito repellents are being sprinkled regularly across the city and the awareness campaign is on. It is unfortunate that some are deliberately trying to spread a panic about dengue which is unwarranted,\" she said.Two more died of dengue in the city on Sunday. Footballer Ranjit Haldar died in a private hospital in Kolkata while Asim Biswas of ward number 131 died in a Jodhpur Park nursing home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330659", "title": "No uniforms yet for civic school pupils", "text": "NASHIK: Every year, uniforms are given to the students of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) schools in the months of June-July, at the start of the new academic year. But this year students attending civic schools are still waiting for their school attire. The civic body has said that due to polls and the delayed budget presentation, it would take another two months for uniforms to reach schools.The proposal for school uniforms is yet to be presented before the civic general body. According to statistics provided by the NMC, 44,000 students in 129 civic schools are to be provided with the uniforms. By the time uniforms are made available, one term will have concluded.\"Every year, we give the uniforms in June-July, but this year due to the delayed election of the standing committee and the delayed budget presentation, the uniforms have also been delayed. A budget of Rs 3 crore has been proposed for school uniforms which will be presented to the general body shortly and following approval will be presented in the standing committee,\" said NMC standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse. He said that within two months all the necessary procedures would be completed and the uniforms would be made available to the stuOn the likelihood of uniforms being made available in the next term, he said, \"We are trying that the students get uniforms before that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330738", "title": "Duo from Mumbai wins 12th edition of rally", "text": "NASHIK: In its 12th year, the Western India Sporting Association expanded its base for the annual navigation rally for locals only also as more than 10 entrants were from outside Nashik.Patel Renish and Jayesh Sachade from Mumbai went on to clinch carving his name on the four-wheeler the the four-wheeler champion's title with a 6.5-minute lead over the rest. The second position was claimed by the duo of Sanket Pathak and Nitin Kelkar. The two-wheeler title was bagged by Babuddin Ansari and Neelesh Suryavanshiastride by over a minute's 1.18 minute's difference over the 14 other rallyists. Shreyas Thergaonkar and Sagar Pathak bagged the second spot.One of the most popular rallies in Nashik, the WISA navigation rally this year attracted an overwhelming number of entriesthis time around. There were 46 competitors in the four-wheeler section, and 15 for the two-wheeler section. The motorsports lovers in Nashik make it a point to participate as the rally finishes in less than four hours and does not require modified vehicle.A undisclosed route of around 80km crisscrossing through the city was earmarked for the event. According to the rules, of the navigation rally the competitors were handed over the road-book just a minute before they started their vehicles, making it a very challenging task to navigate through the exact route. and it was challenging job for the navigator in particular to find out the exact rout by reading the symbols in the road-book. \" But happily most of the participants completed the rally without making too many errors.\" Said Ashwin Pandit, the chief of the WISA. As expected most of the seasoned competitors like Paristosh Kohok, Jateen Thakkar, Ganesh lokahnde, Shameem Khan and Kaustubh Matse missed a few TCs to earn penalties and thus losing the claim on the titles.The best married couple title went to the Tatar couple in four wheeler category (Yogesh and Sonali) who looked so happy that they vowed to come back again in the next year's edition. The rain did make life difficult for two wheeler participants in particular but overall it was an enjoying experience said Rikin Merchant, one of the participants. The tricky road section at Indira Nagar added more fun as most of the competitors missed a TC or two there.The Exide backed the event for the sixth year in a row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16329619", "title": "Fire authorities gear up for Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With over 50,000 tents, offices of government departments, various camps, and akharas to be set up on the banks of the Ganga during Mahakumbh that begins on January 14, 2013, officials of the fire department have decided to divide the Sangam area into six sectors to facilitate adequate fire-fighting preparedness.In correspondence with the plan, the department has decided to set up 32 fire stations in and around the Sangam area and sought 45 FMI, 10 JTV, 10 potable pumps and 10 ambulances during the mega event. The department personnel will also be geared up with 16,0000 litre-capacity water tankers, 70 quick response vehicles, 200 ABC type extinguishers and 20,000 foam compounds to contain any fire incidents.The department officials said trained and experienced firemen would be deputed at fire stations on the campus. Over 4,000 personnel are expected to be assigned different duties during the Mahakumbh.DIG, Allahabad range, N Ravindra told TOI, \"Adequate fire-fighting arrangements would be made during the mega event and the department has chalked out a detailed strategy to ensure that the latest fire-fighting equipment is installed on the venue.He further said personnel of the civil police and fire department would be imparted special training in the proper usage of the equipment so that they are able to douse any flames at the earliest and restrict damage to the minimum. The policemen would also be given training regarding rescue operations, he said.During the Mahakumbh, the police personnel would also be spreading awareness on fire safety among the pilgrims, akharas and official camps, and ask them to take all preventive measures against a fire breakout. A senior policeman said, \"We would set up water storage units at strategic locations so that there is no crisis in case of an eventuality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16329172", "title": "Start apolitical stir: Volunteers to Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rift among former Team Anna members spread to the ranks on Sunday with several India Against Corruption (IAC) members and volunteers publicly disassociating themselves from the Arvind Kejriwal-led initiative to form a political party.The volunteers plan to appeal to activist Anna Hazare to lead the 'apolitical' anti-corruption movement. This came a day after Hazare appeared to retrace his decision about forming a political alternative and instead asked his colleagues to seek public opinion on the contentious issue.Incidentally, Hazare's announcement of creating a political alternative was taken after a quickfire overnight survey that was \"overwhelmingly'' in favour of the decision. The move is likely to lend a body blow to those nursing political ambitions within the group even as it strengthens the hands of former IPS officer Kiran Bedi who has been vocal in her opposition to forming a political party.When asked why Hazare had \"backtracked'' and asked IAC to conduct a survey, Bedi said, \"Anna may not have been personally convinced about the feasibility... maybe that is what prompted the rethink.'''Cong conspiring to frame me': Yoga guru Baba Ramdev attacked a \"Congress leader\" for hatching a conspiracy to link him to the death of a Bharat Swabhiman Manch activist and disappearance of his guru Shankar Dev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329092", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation panel, admin spar over transfer issue", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and the standing committee is at loggerheads over the issue of transferring 202 civic employees to the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited.The employees, who were originally recruited by the erstwhile Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Transport (PCMT), which was subsequently merged with the Pune Municipal Transport to form PMPML four years ago, were transferred to the municipal corporation 12 years ago as the PCMT had excess staff. They continued to get their salaries from the municipal corporation.Last month, the PMPML sent a letter to the PCMC stating that the employees be sent back to the transport body as it needs more manpower with an increase in services and bus operations.A senior civic official said municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi has directed the heads of all civic departments to immediately relieve the employees so that they can join their services with the PMPML.The standing committee, however, has opposed the civic administration's decision. Committee chairman Jagdish Shetty said the committee at its meeting on Tuesday approved a short notice resolution demanding the civic body must not relieve the employees who are working on deputation basis in the civic departments.According to the resolution, these employees have been working with the civic body for 12 years. \"The burden of work will increase if the PMPML employees are sent back. So the employees must be retained in the civic departments,'' the resolution states. With the civic administration and the standing committee taking divergent stands, it remains to be seen what action is finally taken regarding the issue.Meanwhile, the committee has decided that to open a post graduate institute at the PCMC-run Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital, in association with the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences(MUHS). A memorandum of understanding will be signed between PCMC and MUHS after the approval of the general body. Doctors who do post graduate courses at the institute will work as resident doctors at YCM hospital. The institute will have around 25 seats. The university will appoint the people needed to run the institute, while the PCMC will pay their salaries.The PCMC will have to spend Rs 10 crore to create the infrastructure for the institute and on salaries of the staff, a civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330188", "title": "Offline JEE (main) on April 7, online later", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has announced the dates for the new Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) 2013. The JEE (main) exam, which in its earlier version was known as AIEEE, will be conducted in both online and offline mode. The offline exam will be held on April 7, 2013, while dates of the online version have not been announced yet.The AIEEE was a two paper system in which AIEEE-1 was for admissions to BE/BTech courses while AIEEE-2 was for BArch/BPlanning. As with the older exam format, both these papers will continue to be held on the same day. However, BArch/BPlanning exam is available only in the offline version.The JEE (main) 2013 will have one objective type question paper. This paper will consist of physics, chemistry and mathematics, to be complete over three hours.The paper II for admissions to BArch/BPlanning courses at NITs, IIITs, DTU, Delhi and other CFTIs will have one question paper consisting of mathematics, aptitude test and drawing test, as per past practice of AIEEE. This paper will also be of three hours.Under the new system of JEE, merit list for admission to NITs, IIITs, DTU, Delhi and other CFTIs will be prepared by giving 40% weightage (suitably normalized) to Std XII and 60% to the performance in JEE (Main). Candidates who wish to secure admissions in the prestigious IITs will have to appear for the JEE (Advanced) paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328324", "title": "Upcoming artists to dominate Gurgaon art festival", "text": "GURGAON: It is the fall season when art and culture are once again brought into the popular focus, and the so-called 'scene' springs back to life after being away from the limelight for months. Appropriately, Gurgaon will host a slew of art exhibitions and theater productions this month. And from within this cultural mix comes the five-day art fest, Gurgaon Art Festival.Beginning September 12, the festival will showcase the works of over 50 artists and sculptors from across the country, with names like Prithvi Soni, J M S Mani and Suhas Roy among the highlights. According to Maandavi S Sharma, art curator and organizer of the festival, events like these also play a crucial part to help cultivate the young and emerging talent in the field of art.\"Not many organizers of art exhibitions and festivals are fine with the idea of providing a platform to new artists. An art buyer is looking for big names. And if you decide to exhibit artists who aren't well known, it remains a risky enterprise,\" said Sharma. Around 40 such new artists will be a part of the Gurgaon Art Festival this year, and fresh requests for participation are still being sent in.Apart from the main exhibition, which will be held at Gurgaon's Epicentre, arrangements have also been made for side-activities for the casual visitors. Guests, for instance, will be allowed to flaunt their own brushwork and create their own canvases, while the in-house artists at the festival provide finishing touches to them. \"I have also invited a specialist in clay modeling from West Bengal for those interested in learning this art form. We will also have art workshops for underprivileged children,\" she said.This will be the second edition of the festival, and Sharma says that last year's 'phenomenal response' is expected to be repeated this year. \"Gurgaon is very different from other cities when it comes to the art market. People here are not that concerned with an artist's reputation. They are ready to buy art that is good, regardless of the names involved.\" Canvases costing between Rs 15,000 to Rs 6 lakh will be up for grabs at the festival this week for those willing to shell out that kind of money. And organizers would be hoping that in a city like Gurgaon - where art lovers come with pockets deep enough - there should be no dearth of serious buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16329149", "title": "Maharashtra girl rescued from Sangolda, 1 held", "text": "PANAJI: The Calangute police on Sunday rescued a 28-year-old woman from Maharashtra who was forced into prostitution and and arrested accused Narendra Sharma, 28, a resident of Siolim and a native of Assam under the Immoral Trafficking Act.Upon receiving information, the Calangute police lead by PI Nolasco Raposa led a trap to rescue the woman. \"The Calangute police intercepted a scooter near a tourist home at Sangolda and during the raid, the victim was rescued,\" said police sources.Sources said that the lady was procured by Sharma and brought to Sangolda to be \"supplied\" to a customer.\"After the arrest, the accused was produced before the JMFC, Mapusa, and was remanded to a five-day police custody,\" said police sources.The victim was produced before the sub-divisional magistrate and sent to the state protective home, Merces. The case was booked under Sections 4, 5 &amp; 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16329574", "title": "Pakistan prisoner dies of kidney ailment in Gujrat", "text": "RAJKOT: A Pakistani national, serving life imprisonment, died in a hospital in Ahmedabad following kidney ailment, Rajkot district jail authorities said.Nawab Ali Mohammad Ali (45) was arrested in 1999 along with six other Pakistanis who had sneaked into India with a huge stock of arms and ammunition, police said.All the seven were produced before a local court in Kutch, which awarded death penalty to Ali.He had sought mercy from then President Pratibha Patil , who commuted his death penalty to life imprisonment, police said.\"He had been kept in Ahmedabad jail and was transferred here some five months back,\" Rajkot district jail superintendent A K Vyas said.\"Nawab Ali was suffering from kidney disease and was first admitted to civil hospital here from where he was referred to Ahmedabad for further medical treatment where he died last night,\" Vyas said.He said procedure was on to send the body to Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16329222", "title": "Body found at Kundaim, cops trying to ID victim", "text": "Ponda: The Ponda police on Sunday recovered the body of a male, who they suspect is between the age group of 25 and 30 years, at Kundaim.The police found the body lying in a pool of blood and recovered a knife lying next to it. They suspect the knife was used to kill the victim. Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said that the police were trying to ascertain the identity of the victim till late evening. They suspect the deceased could be an industrial worker and are examining a list of workers who have gone missing since Sunday afternoon.Govekar said that they recovered the body after the Ponda police received an anonymous phone call late Sunday afternoon informing them about a body lying behind Tapobhoomi on the Kundaim IDC to Marcaim IDC bypass. A Ponda police team led by PI Jivba Dalvi then rushed to the site. The police suspect that the victim could have been murdered only hours before the body was found.\"The police retrieved the body by conducting a spot panchanama and the inquest will be held on Monday. The body has been preserved at the morgue of the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim,\" Govekar said.The police have registered a case of murder against unknown persons under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16330172", "title": "Seven years on, KG basin gas story runs out of steam", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2005, while addressing students at IIM-Ahmedabad, Reliance Industries (RIL) chairman Mukesh Ambani compared India's east coast to the Gulf of Mexico. Gas discoveries by RIL, ONGC and GSPC in mid-2000 had placed India among top 20 gas producing countries in the world. But little did Ambani know then that the potential of these discoveries was a bubble that will burst within a couple of years of production, much like the Seven Heads, Neptune and Holstein finds in the Gulf of Mexico.Reliance had pegged its possible gas reserves in the KG basin at 14 trillion cubic feet (tcf), the biggest in the world in 2002. In 2005, GSPC announced discoveries with a resource potential of 20 tcf and valued at $50 billion, followed by ONGC's 10 tcf finds. In 2009, RIL's partner Hardy Oil announced discoveries of another 20 tcf in blocks D4 and D9, taking the total discovered possible gas reserves in the KG basin to over 64 tcf.Seven years later, apart from RIL, none of the others explorers has started production and they are either looking for technical partners or funding or a combination of both. According to a noted energy analyst, \"Indian operators lack deepwater technology. RIL tried to do things on its own and failed; so it roped in BP. ONGC and GSPC, too, are not able to get strategic technical partners to start production.\"It's not the KG basin alone where production has fallen. There are another half-a-dozen global examples of unexpected fall in output (see table). At the time of announcement, stock prices of all listed players were on a high. RIL had touched its all-time high of Rs 3,298 on January 15, 2008, a day after it announced the discovery in shallow waters of the KG basin. RIL shares are now trading at less than a fourth of 2008 prices. ONGC too has fallen similarly.The euphoria over KG basin reserves began fading in 2011 when production at RIL's well started falling without even reaching its peak level of 80 mmscmd. RIL saw gas output slipping to a third with production costs swelling fourfold to $10 billion.In June, Niko Resources slashed RIL's proven and probable resource base in KG basin by 80% to 1.93 tcf. Production from the well is expected to stop completely by 2015 if RIL does not invest further in the block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16331172", "title": "Man held for axing 56 trees", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Man held for axing 56 trees, police have arrested a Sector-56 resident Charanjeet Singh for allegedly stealing 56 trees after chopping these from a gurdwara in Palsroa village in Sector 56, on Sunday. Singh was produced in the district courts, Sector 17 and sent in judicial custody. Police said the complaint was lodged by the horticulture wing of Chandigarh administration against Charanjeet. In the complaint, horticulture officials stated that Charanjeet had chopped the tress without prior permission of the department. A case was registered at Sector-39 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330809", "title": "'Treat H1N1 suspect cases immediately'", "text": "NASHIK: The chairman of the NMC's standing committee, Uddhav Nimse, conducted an urgent meeting with doctors of NMC hospitals. Nimse met NMC's medical superintendent Dr D B Patil and health officer Dr S G Hiray on Friday afternoon to review take a review of the H1N1 situation as well as other diseases against the backdrop of the monsoon.Dr Patil said that if during the primary check-up, doctors find something suspicious, they should be able to treat it. \"We have all the necessary drugs, mobile vans, isolated wards and cots in these, etc to deal with H1N1. In case a patient is suspected of having H1N1, immediate treatment must be given. give immediate treatment.It is essential to create awareness,\" he said.Dr Patil said that since April this year, 606 patients have been given Tamiflu out of the 973 screened; 11 have been found positive of swine flu and four patients have died. \"Bharat Thakur of Kathe Galli, Narayan Deore (who died of swine flu after shifting to Nashik from Malegaon), Manda Chatola and Ravindra Patil from Cidco are the patients who died due to swine flu,\" said Dr Patil.Dr S S Gavit of Bytco Hospital said that in the past few years, people have become aware of swine flu and that if a patient does not get cured of cough and fever in a few days by a general practitioner or private doctor's prescription, they come to the civil or other municipal hospitals. \"If the medicines for H1N1 are not available, people bring the prescriptions to the civil hospital. My advice to doctors is that in case of suspicion, don't wait for swab testing, prescribe Tamiflu,\" said Dr Gavit.Dr D B Patil said that during this season, instances of jaundice, malaria and gastro are more and that in such cases, it needs to be ascertained where the patient gets drinking water from. He said that dengue is almost gone.Dr Hiray said that chances of airborne diseases like swine flu are more in slum areas due to the cleanliness factor here. He said that to control malaria, pest control is being done on a regular basis.Some doctors said that there have been instances when private doctors have not sent patients suspected of swine flu suspicious patients to the civil hospital, while in other instances, they have prescribed Tamiflu even when it was not needed. Most of the doctors emphasized upon awareness about swine flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16328600", "title": "Auto-rickshaw gang busted", "text": "BHOPAL: After managing to throw the police off its scent for long, the gang of thieves that moved in auto-rickshaw and tricked woman passengers out of gold chains and mangalsutras landed in the police net on Sunday.At a press conference, Superintendent of Police (North) Arvind Saxena said gang members were arrested on a tip-off. In all eight persons, including four women have been arrested. One more woman, believed to be the kingpin of the gang is yet to be arrested.The police have seized 7 mangalsutras, 4 gold chains and two auto-rickshaws used in the crime, he added.The accused have been identified as Ahmed 25, Sameer 20, Mushtaq 42, Anil 30, Kanta 40, Rajoda 25, Kamla, 45 and Bali, 32. All are residents of Gandhi Nagar area and knew each other.Ahmed's mother, Manju Bai is the kingpin of the gang. She is admitted to a hospital and would be arrested after she is discharged from the hospital, the SP claimed.Saxena said Manju trained Kanta in removing gold chain swiftly from woman's neck and she in turned trained other woman members of the gang. They employed the same modus operandi with every target.Explaining the modus operandi to reporters, he said the auto would first stop near a woman walking on the road and when she would be ready to hire the auto, one of two women passengers sitting in the auto-rickshaw would begin to act as unwell.In the commotion and confusion that would follow one of the thieves would pretend to vomit and the gold chain quietly removed from the victim's neck. Later, the auto-rickshaw driver would ask the victim to get down on the pretext of taking the ill woman to hospital, he explained.They would operate in two separate auto-rickshaws. One group would target women with mangalsutras while other looked for gold chains, he claimed.During the initial interrogation, they allegedly confessed to committing close to two dozen incidents in past few months, but FIRs have been registered in only 11 cases. The police believed that some incidents must have gone unreported as the victims would have not been sure where they lost the valuables.The complainants, whose gold chains and mangalsutras were recovered, are Shanta Prajapati, Rameshwari, Pushpa Mishra, Mamta Kapse, Malti Mathil, Kamlesh Sen, Munni Jain, Lajvanti Pathak, Saroj Pastoor, Shobhana Kanhey and Jyoti Soni.On how could he gang managed to operate for so many months, the SP clarified that since the accused did not have any past criminal record it took time to locate them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16330849", "title": "Metro rail will chug beneath my kitchen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: His friends had always been jealous of his wise decision of investing his life savings to buy a one-kanal house in the posh Sector 34D, a stone's throw from the happening commercial complex. But news of private land being acquired for the Metro Rail project last week made him a bit apprehensive that it might take away his only prized possession.A retired conservator of forest, Haryana, N N Sharma rushed to the UT secretariat to get copies of the map prepared by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) from the urban planning department. His big fear came true as it clearly showed that the proposed station in sector 34 will be located under his house.\"Even if they take a portion of my backyard for making one of the four entry points to the underground station, it will make our lives hell. There will be crowds of hundreds of people walking in front of our house,\" he rued. \"Besides, underground tube systems have their own set of disadvantages in excessive vibrations and noise pollution. The authorities might say that these are not harmful, but I'm sure that it will rob us of our peace of mind,\" he added.Sharma is already contemplating selling off his house and is in touch with property dealers. \"But it's not easy for a retired person like me to find an equally big house elsewhere,\" he said.Another resident of the area, Col (retd) Mohinder Singh, said the affected families had already given a representation to the UT administrator, demanding shifting of the proposed station. \"Nowhere in the world does the Metro run under roads and have stations under houses. If there was such a need, the station should have been planned under the showrooms where there is ample space available,\" he suggested.Sharma underlined that he was not against the Metro system, which would give a boost to the city's economy. \"Even my own family could be travelling in it tomorrow. But the authorities should sympathetically consider our case and leave out this residential area from the plan,\" said Sharma.According to the plan, there will be staircases going 45 feet down to the Metro station from the surface on all four sides of the proposed station. Sharma wants that if DMRC could do without this one entry from near his house, that is located close to the All India Radio Station, it would come as a big relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16330807", "title": "Schoolkids organize grand celebration to honour elders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A thank you to teachers Government Model High School, Sector 36 D, Chandigarh, organized a special assembly on the occasion of Teachers' Day. The celebration began with a speech on Dr Radha Krishnan. This was followed by dances, skits and poetry presented by students. The three literary clubs of the school also organized a story telling, speech and poetry recitation session. Headmaster Rakesh Sood urged his fellow teachers to follow the ages old \"Guru-Shishya'' tradition which is the need of the hour. He also emphasized on value education.Roses, chocolate for teachersCelebrating Teachers' Day, the students of British School, Chandigarh, gifted their teachers flowers and chocolate to thank them for their invaluable lessons in life and education.Macfair international winners hailedSt Xaviera's School, Sector 20, Panchkula, welcomed the team of five students from Class X, accompanied by team leader Surti Srivastav, who returned back victorious from Macfair International hosted by CMS, Lucknow. The school team competed with 52 teams from India and abroad in 5 events. Aval Singhal and Mohit Goyal, as a team, won third position in the Maths Quiz. Divya Oberoi and Aval Singhal presented their science model of a Bio-climatic Village which was adjudged the third best.Little gestures to make teachers feel specialTo mark the importance of this day, Teachera's Day was celebrated with full zeal and enthusiasm at Firstep Montessori School, Panchkula. \"Receiving hand-made cards and flowers from my little students made my day. These gestures made me realize that in this big world, I have earned a very special place of my own by being their first mentor,\" said a teacher Mitalee Chowdhary.Science exhibitionUnder the scheme of popularization of science funded by department of science and technology (DST) UT, Chandigarh, a science exhibition was held in DAV Model School, Sector 15, Chandigarh for the students of classes VI to X. The exhibits were from various themes from the fields of physics, chemistry, and Biology. Arshdeep Hanjra of Class X got the first prize in physics model of household circuits, showing series and parallel connections, Sachi bagged the first prize in biology model of haemolysis also of Class X.Laurels in sportsStudents of Saupina's School, Sector 70, Mohali, brought laurels to the school by winning medals and trophies at the Zonal Inter-School Tournament. The students bagged first prize in three categories of Table Tennis under-14 boys category, under-14 girls category and under-17 boys category. In badminton , Navsift Kaur, Mandeep Kaur, Seerat, Manroop Kaur and Kanika Gujral won second position in under-14 category. The girls representing under 17 category also bagged second position. In chess, Arjun, Nitish , Karan, Simranjeet Singh and Mansimran grabbed second position. The girls won second position in under-14 category represented by Jashanjot Kaur, Gurnaz Kaur, Sukriti Sharma, Harleen Kaur and Kalash Singla.Quiz competitionThe team of Utkarsh, Shelly, Akash and Vishwajeet of Chaman Lal DAV Senior Public School, Sector 11, Panchkula, clinched first position in quiz competition held at Sarthak Senior Secondary School, Panchkula. Seven teams of Panchkula district schools participated in this prestigious contest organized by science and technology department of Haryana.Badges to motivateThe motivated badges for the month of September were given to the chosen candidates during the motivational assembly at AKSIPS, Sector 65, Mohali. The chosen categories for the month were most compatible, well done, best class control and most creative. Jasmine Kalra, director principal motivated and inspired the other staff members to continue with the same competitive spirit. Most Compatible badge went to Supriya, Well Done to Varinder and Sunena, Best Class Control to Rajminder and Most Creative to Soni.Emerging trends in educationSmart Wonders School, Sector 71, organized a workshop on a??Emerging Trends in Educationa??. The resource person Meenakshi Mahindra former principal of Bhavan Vidyalaya, address the concerns of education in modern times.Tear and paste activityAs part of their activity based curriculum, children of the pre primary section at Kundan International School, Sector 46 B, Chandigarh conducted tear and paste activity for the little ones. The activity comprised of paper tearing and pasting of tit bits in different compositions drawn by the children themselves. Prizes and gifts were given to encourage and appreciate their hardwork. Yashvi, Mannat, Bhavin, Enakshi, Ishita, Rahman, Devansh among others, came out with flying colours.Workshop on e-contentA workshop on e-content for preparation/ distribution of e-content work of English, Hindi , EVS and Maths was organized with the guidance of principal Amita Sharma by Neeru Sangotra, teacher at Kendriya Vidyalaya, Sector 47, Chandigarh. S K Bhatia, principal of KV, Sector 31, Chandigarh, addressed the participants.The skating prodigyShubham of Class VIII of D C Montessori School, Manimajra, brought back laurels once again for his school and the city when he skated away into the national level at the recently concluded State Level Inline Skating Inter-school competition held at Sector 10 skating rink.Blood donation campKB DAV Senior Secondary Public School, Sector 7 B, Chandigarh, organized a blood donation camp in association with Inner Wheel Rotary Club and department of transfusion medicine, PGI. State-of-art mobile van from PGI was arranged for the camp and 130 units of blood were collected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16330000", "title": "Poojapura prisoner dies of asthma", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A prisoner at the Poojapura central prison, who was suffering from asthma, died here on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Sasidharan (52), hailing from Mynagapally in Kollam district. Sasidharan was jailed after being accused in a liquor case.He had undergone treatment at the Medical College hospital on Saturday. On Sunday morning he complained of discomfort and was immediately rushed to the hospital.Sasidharan later died in the hospital. The body will be handed over to relatives after postmortem.DGP visits police control roomDGP K S Balasubramanian visited the city police control room on Sunday and reviewed the facilities, including the newly installed surveillance cameras.The DGP also suggested various measures to improve the functioning of the control room, including giving SMS alerts to senior officers in case of any major problems.Deputy commissioner of police (law and order) Putta Vimaladitya and other senior police officers were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pakur (jharkhand)", "code": "16335748", "title": "Courier delivery man arrested while delivering consignment of explosives in Jharkhand", "text": "PAKUR (JHARKHAND): A delivery man of a courier company was arrested when he on his way to deliver a consignment of 600 pieces of detonators and 240 pieces of gelatine sticks at Pakur in Jharkhand on Monday.Acting on a tip-off, the district police searched the man and him found the explosives, district police superintendent Mayur Patel said adding he was then arrested.The consignment was to be delivered to two persons, he said adding on interrogation it was known that the company used to deliver two to three such consignments per month.The detonators were manufactured at Dholpur-based Rajasthan Explosives and Chemical Limited, while the gelatine was produced by Nagpur-based company Solar Industries Limited, Patel said.It was being suspected that smugglers, who used to procure explosives from adjoining West Bengal to supply in the quarries in the district, were now procuring it from western and northern states in view of raids by police, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16330458", "title": "Sex guide comes under gay fire in China", "text": "BEIJING: Gay rights activists in China have protested against a state publication which describes homosexuality as a kind of \"sexual deviance\" which needs to be checked. Families of homosexual children are livid at the publication titled, 'Parents , please walk your children through puberty' published by two government controlled agencies, Hangzhou Institute for Educational Research and Northeast Normal University Press. The book, designed to assist parents of adolescent children, advises them to prevent homosexual tendencies among them. \"Because homosexuals are not accepted by prevailing social customs and moral standards, they tend to be anti-social and eccentric,\" says an excerpt. A group of 18 mothers have written to the government education bureau in Hangzhou, demanding that the book be recalled immediately. Over 50,000 copies have been distributed since last year. Teaching material distributed in China routinely contain misinformation about homosexuals, media quoted Hu Zhijun, a staff at a gay rights group, as saying. Media quoted the book's chief editor, Han Siping, acknowledging responsibility. \"During the editing process, we did not research homosexuality enough. As the chief editor, it was my failure to maintain a strict standard in editing,\" she said, adding that controversial content should be deleted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16329287", "title": "NBA star Robert Horry predicts bright future for India", "text": "BANGALORE: He may have almost run out of fingers for his championship rings, but Robert Horry's tryst with basketball is far from over.The seven-time NBA champion is the only player after John Salley to win with three different teams - twice each with Houston Rockets and San Antonio Spurs and thrice with Los Angeles Lakers .Horry never became an NBA All-Star during his career, but his illustrious legacy saw him overshadow legends such as Michael Jordan , Shaquille O' Neal, Magic Johnson and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar among others. Simply put, he was in the right team at the right time.'Big Shot Rob', as Horry is widely known for his infamous clutch shots, began a whirlwind tour of India after arriving in Bangalore on Sunday to witness the Mahindra NBA Challenge finals and conduct a basketball clinic. He will then head to Delhi to host an NBA Cares event with NGO Love in Action and inaugurate the NBA 3X tournament.In a chat with TOI, the charming ESPN commentator with a vivacious smile spoke about his passion for basketball, India's bright future in the sport and his uncanny resemblance to actor Will Smith . Excerpts:Being in India: India is always one of the places that I wanted to visit. The people are wonderful and the whole experience so far has been exciting. I've a bunch of Indian friends in Houston where I live and they have given me a list of places I should see and food I should try. Not spicy of course!Talent for the future: India has a lot of potential as far as basketball is concerned. The only thing required is a strong foundation. In the States, kids get hooked to basketball when they are two. Here, by the time kids get to love basketball, its time for them to quit. So, there should be a similar system -- catch the kids when they are young and make them fall in love with basketball.Indian presence in NBA: Definitely, I do see a great future for Indian players in the NBA. I have seen some really talented players here and look forward to meeting more in New Delhi. I'm really impressed by their speed, ability, skill and on-court thinking. There is definitely potential in the long run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334630", "title": "Audeince sees movies on small towns, says Vinay Pathak", "text": "\"Audience wants to see small town life in cinema today,\" claims the noted actor Vinay Pathak on his recent trip to the sangam city where he had come to participate in a private function, adding, \"The time has changed and so has the requirement. People want to see things they can relate to. Had that not been the case 'Beja Fry' which was made with the small budget of over 50 lacs only would not have gone ahead to earn 22 crores.\"Vinay Pathak shot to fame playing important characters in movies like Khosla Ka Ghosla, Bheja Fry and its sequel Bheja Fry 2, Johnny Gaddaar and Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi . During his visit the actor who has done graduation from the University of Allahabad also recalled the some old moments iterating how it was so much fun to attend university here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330717", "title": "Jains celebrate their bundle of joy Aadit", "text": "LUDHIANA: Jains celebrated the birth and \"namkaran\" of their youngest member Aadit on Sunday. Young Aadit, who was happily perched in the lap of his parents, Gagan and Saurabh, was blessed and wished by family and friends.Jains organized the special function at a community centre in Sunder Nagar. Resident of Sundar Nagar, Gagan said, \"\"This was indeed an occasion worth a grand celebration for me and my family. Therefore, we decided to celebrate it in a grand way with family and friends. After having said prayers and announcing the name Aadita\"\", we all enjoyed the party.\"Aadita's grandfather Ashok Jain and grandmother Savita, also joined the celebrations to bless the new member. Ashok said, a??I thank God for blessing us with a grandson. My daughters, Puja and Simple, also came to the party with their family and welcomed the new family member with love and gifts. My grandchildren, Lavanya and Ridhima, were also very excited to play with the new member of the family.Gagan's friend Aditya Kalia, who also joined the celebration along with his son Arav, congratulated the couple and blessed the young one, a??It was an excellent party. I really liked the food, which was cooked in true Jain style. My son too enjoyed the food and party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16328571", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee calls on Lord Balaji", "text": "TIRUMALA: President Pranab Mukherjee visited the famous hill shrine on Sunday, the first time after assuming the highest office in the country, to offer prayers at the Lord Venkateswara temple.The President had darshan of the Lord in the early hours after being given a traditional welcome by temple authorities and priests who ushered him into the sanctum sanctorum to the chanting of Vedic hymns. He spent about half-an-hour on the temple premises. And, following tradition, he also paid obeisance at the temple of Adi Varahaswamy before offering prayers to Lord Venkateswara.Later, temple authorities presented the President with the sacred silk cloth, holy water and laddu prasadam while priests conferred their blessings on him at Sri Ranganayaka Mandapam. Chief priest AV Ramana Dikshitulu explained the significance of the Lord and the jewels adorning the presiding deity to the President.While at the hill shrine, the President, who was accompanied by family members including his daughter-in-law and grandson, inaugurated the Rs 36-crore Nandakam Guest House for pilgrims. He also spent some time with the students of the 130-year-old Sri Venkateswara Veda Pathashala at Dharmagiri. He joined students in the chanting of the 'Veda parayanam' and thereafter, distributed medals and certificates to meritorious students of the Vedic school.Before winding up his pilgrimage and leaving for New Delhi, Pranab Mukherjee offered prayers to goddess Padmavathi at Tiruchanur near Tirupati. Governor ESL Narasimhan, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju were among the dignitaries accompanying the President.The President, who had arrived in Tirumala on Saturday evening, spent the night at Sri Padmavathi Guest House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16330026", "title": "Woman burnt to death by husband", "text": "TRICHY: In a shocking incident, a woman government officer was burnt to death by her husband over a family dispute in Khajamalai in Trichy late on Saturday night. However, the police arrested him on Sunday morning.Arulmozhi (47) was working as an officer in the government treasury in Thiruverumbur. According to the police, her husband Sundararajan, (49) a junior assistant in the Trichy corporation, was an alcoholic addict. On Saturday night, he came home in an inebriated state and asked Arulmozhi for money in order to drink further. But she reportedly refused to pay heed to his demand. So, he picked up quarrel with her and proceeded to pour kerosene on her and set her ablaze.Arulmozhi attempted to save herself but fell down into a drain in front of their house. Meanwhile, the neighbours also gathered and rushed her to the Annal Gandhi government memorial hospital, Trichy. She was given critical care treatment at the hospital as she had sustained severe burn injuries. Meanwhile, the judicial magistrate also conducted an inquiry with the victim and got her statement in the hospital. In her statement, Arulmozhi accused her husband of setting her ablaze for not giving him money. However, early on Sunday morning, she succumbed to her injuries.The KK Nagar police registered a case and have arrested Sundararajan. The couple had two children Sukanya and Sudharsan. Their daughter was married and lived in Hydrebad. Son was an IAS aspirant staying in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328859", "title": "State revives airhostess course for tribals, but no jobs for 1st batch", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite its failed attempts in the past to train young tribal girls as airhostesses, the Maharashtra government last week issued orders to revive the unsuccessful scheme.While the tribal department officially maintains that an overwhelming response to the course has led to the move, none of the 100 tribal girls who had joined the one-year airhostess course in 2006 are employed in the aviation sector. Most of the girls are forced to do odd jobs in restaurants and hotels. Some are working as receptionists and others are employed in call centers.Last time (2006-07), the state had spent Rs 1 crore on the centrally-funded scheme. The latest full-fledged aviation course in state's Industrial Training Institute (ITI) will cost state government anywhere between Rs 5 crore and Rs 6 crore. \"We have directed all additional tribal commissioners to start preparation for this,\" said a senior official.During the recently-concluded assembly session, tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute had announced plans for the revival of the scheme. He had claimed that 64 girls from the first batch had joined the aviation sector. This, however, is far from the truth.TOI spoke to students of the first batch and found that most of the girls are upset with the scheme. They have urged the state government to introduce schemes that take into account the skills and abilities of tribal women.Rajani Kulmethe, who had attended the airhostess course in 2006, has given up hope of landing a job as an airhostess and has resumed her studies for BA in Pune. \"The government tempted us by showing us the glamorous side of life. We thought the government would help us get jobs after the completion of the course, but that did not happen. We neglected studies in the process. Most of us don't know English. How can we learn it within one year,\" she asked. \"The next time the government comes up with schemes, it should think from our perspective and not put us on a wrong path. It should train us in getting better marks and getting a good education,\" she said.Swapna Jadhav, Anju More and Lina Gawale echo the same sentiment. \"If we were to only become receptionists at hotels after undergoing the training, we would have done something more worthwhile with our lives. The training did not help us and we wasted time,\" said Gawale. Other said they could not return to their villages after the training in Pune because they could not face the locals who taunt them for coming back without becoming airhostesses.\"Many women went into depression because of this,\" a girl said.Officials from the tribal department admit there was a failure, but claim the new attempt is to make sure that the past mistakes are corrected. \"Most airlines have laid down some basic requirement, which these girls fail to meet since they come from rural areas,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16328615", "title": "ABVP, NSUI bandhs hit exams, classes in colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: Choosing between Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and the National Students Union of India (NSUI) activism is proving a tough task for college students.During the last two strikes called by the two students' outfits of the BJP and the Congress respectively, exams were postponed and classed were called off badly affecting academic calendar of the educational institutions, principal of a reputed government college rued pleading anonymity.Colleges like Motilal Vigyan Mahavidyalaya (MVM) are the worst hit as its schedule was affected by the Bhartiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) convention earlier last week.Ironically, the ABVP and NSUI both claim that they are well-wishers of students.The higher education department launched on-line admission this year to streamline the academic session after higher education minister directed the department to complete the academic session in the stipulated time.Both the ABVP and the NSUI claimed that their call for bandh is in favour of students.\"ABVP's call for college bandh hampered classes in colleges,\" said NSUI president Virendra Msihra.\"The ABVP activists have been involved in several crime incidents, including the one in Betul. Our objective for the bandh call was to expose the ABVP and make students realise that ABVP has been involved in crime.\"He claimed that NSUI's bandh did not affect studies of students. However, he conveniently forgot that Maharani Laxmi Bai (MLB) girls' college had to postpone its exam after the NSUI-sponsored bandh.ABVP office-bearers claimed that their bandh was in \"national interest\" and the NSUI bandh was wrong.\"Our bandh was successful as thousands of students joined on their own,\" ABVP state secretary K P Jhala said.Recently, Barkatullah University had to close down its classes on several occasions when either employees or faculties went on strike.\"Both ABVP and NSUI has their political motives. No student or the principal and faculty defy them for obvious reasons. We suffer because of the politics played by them,\" said a student, Vikas Verma.Not only students, but the govt college management and private college owners are not happy with the call for bandh by the ABVP and the NSUI. \"We are under immense pressure to complete the academic session in the stipulated time. Such bandhs are nothing but loss of studies for students. Will they come and complete the studies of students after bandh is over,\" a private college owner said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16329885", "title": "Minor girl raped in Gaya district", "text": "GAYA: In a shocking incident, a seven-year-old Dalit girl, Sunita (name changed), was raped by an inebriated co-villager around Saturday night at Jihuli village under Fatehpur police station area in Gaya district.As per reports, a 'jhumar' (folk dance) programme was going on at the village and the rape victim, like hundreds of other villagers, was watching the programme. As soon as she came out of the venue, a co-villager pounced on her, dragged her to a secluded place nearby and brutally raped her and inflicted bite and nail injuries on her. Alarmed villagers caught the rapist and handed him over to the police. He has been identified as Mukesh Yadav.If that was not enough, medical attention to the victim was denied for several hours, as she was tossed from one hospital to another without being given the preliminary medical help. She was first brought to the Fatehpur primary health centre (PHC), then referred to ANMMCH, Gaya, without any medical assistance. From ANMMCH, she was referred to Lady Elgin Hospital. There also medical help was not given to her for quite sometime, as the doctor on duty, insisted on police requisition before taking up treatment.DM Bandana Preyasi has issued show-cause notice on the doctors concerned. Confirming the rape incident, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said chargesheet in the case would be filed in the next 24 hours and he would see to it that speedy trial takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330872", "title": "Adulteration drops with gutka ban", "text": "The ban on gutka and pan masala in Maharashtra is having another positive fallout. Officials say, thanks to the embargo, the food adulteration problem here is diminishing.Tests carried out by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 11,000 gutka and pan masala samples over the last few years had found 98% of them adulterated with calcium or magnesium carbonate. The substances gave extra texture and flow to gutka and pan masala while adding considerably their harmful effects. Gutka and pan masala were banned in the state in July.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade confirmed that food adulteration cases have come down of late in the city but, at the same time, cautioned against buyers dropping their guard or officials easing vigilance. \"Buyers must know what ingredients are present in the food they purchase ,\" said Zagade. \"This is possible only if they make an effort to test the food items to check for the presence of adulterants.\"Cancer surgeon Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi of Tata Memorial Hospital explained how gutka is adulterated. \"Gutka is a combination of areca nut (90%) and tobacco (10%). A popular adulterant, gambier , is routinely used in place of catechu (kattha) since the latter is expensive. Gambier is unfit for human consumption .\" Dr Chaturvedi added that excessive amount of magnesium carbonate is toxic to cheek lining, kidney and heart.For years, gutka, pan masala and milk have been adulterators' favourites products to contaminate, followed by edible oils and spices. Such has been the rampancy of the menace that carcinogenic (cancer-causing ) contaminants have been discovered in condiments as common as chilli powder and turmeric.Experts underlined that food adulteration should not be viewed only through the prism of getting poor quality food at higher prices. It should be seen for the deleterious impact it has. A ubiquitous example of the insidious threat, they say, is milk, which is frequently found tarred with starch, detergents and other chemicals.In July, FDA had busted a milk adulteration racket in Malad (W). The racketeers were buying milk packets from company outlets and slitting their sides to remove a third of the contents. The packets were then refilled with water and distributed to houses and hotels in Malad (W).Vasundhara Deodhar, a consumer member of Food Safety and Standards Authority of India, said citizens can verify if a milk packet has been tampered with \"by pressing it in the centre between their fingers\" . \"If any seam on the side does not contract uniformly with the other sides, then the packet was interfered with,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328587", "title": "Court for Rs 1 lakh relief to 9-year-old rape victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has ordered the Delhi government to pay Rs 1 lakh to a nine-year-old girl, allegedly raped by her father, for her rehabilitation. The court was told that the girl was not attending school and urgently needed protection by the state.The court directed the state's home department principal secretary to grant an interim compensation to the victim. She was allegedly raped by her father in their rented houes when her mother had gone out. The girl was saved by the landlord, who broke open the door after hearing her screams and later informed the police.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau has ordered the government to give the money to the victim's mother under supervision of a welfare officer, to be appointed by the government. Lau expressed shock and observed that despite \"the pathetic state of the victim\", the state, so far, has not come forward to help her.\"Rape of a child not only affects her but also has a devastating impact on the rest of the family who suffer in silence particularly when the accused is the father. It is cases like these which the ministry of women and child development needs to target for restorative justice so that the professional psychological counselling, shelter and other support is provided to the minor victim,\" the court said.The court also directed the government to ensure necessary treatment and regular counselling for the child through an NGO dealing with such cases. \"The victim should be immediately admitted in some school near her house,\" it directed the state. During the hearing, the court also pulled up the investigating officers (IO) and an assistant commissioner of police of northwest Delhi for the \"casual and half-hearted\" approach towards the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328125", "title": "It was a doggies' day out", "text": "BANGALORE: Say woof to this. On Sunday, there was much wagging of tails, rolling over the grass and bow-wow happening on the lush green lawns of Rasta Cafe on Mysore Road, some 40 km from Bangalore. It was a day out for pet dogs. So there were Addy and Phoebe, Misha, Joey and Doga, Cindy and Lizzie, Figo and Chester - all among 75 pet dogs, in tow with their owners, who got together to spend their day, far from the madding city.The day-out organized specially for the 75 pet dogs near Bidadi was a sight to behold as they were all over the place. In fact, their masters took them there quite early in the morning to ensure that they got ample time to socialize - something that they miss doing in the city.\"They need to socialize otherwise they act weird around other dogs,\" said Vallabh Rao, owner of the Doberman Cindy and an Indian species Lizzie. \"Given that there is not enough open space in the city and there aren't proper fences, we are unable to take them out regularly,\" said Rao, a freelance communications consultant.Dogs need to have their day too, reasoned Ritu Mirakhur. \"They also need to have a nice time once in a while and this is the perfect way to help them unwind as well,\" said Mirakhur, who has a Labrador mother-daughter duo, Rage and Raisin.\"He is really happy to be here. He accompanies me everywhere, even to office and sits in my car when I go for meetings. Therefore, he doesn't get a chance to interact with other dogs,\" said Salman Nasr, an entrepreneur, of his 11-month-old Shitzhu, Figo, who has a full-time attendant at his bark and call.\"They are very excited to be here and they are running around so much here that by the time they get back home, they will be exhausted,\" said Shradha Sharma, an entrepreneur and owner of two Cocker Spaniels.Pet platterFifty-odd families attended the unique gathering. \"We gave them a platform to get together and exchange doggy notes,\" said Anand Vishwanath, a canine behaviourist who founded Anvis Inc, India's first integrated pet management company.The event is organized once in 3-4 months. It was complete with a doggy food platter, including vegetable soup, boiled eggs and rice, chicken and vegetables. Last time, the pets got to chill by the poolside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330685", "title": "Robots all the way", "text": "Perceiving the impact that automation and robotics engineering will have in the coming days,Perceiving the impact that automation and robotics engineering will have in the coming days, Gulzar Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology (GIET), Ludhiana (approved by AICTE; affiliated by Punjab Technical Education), offers a BTech programme in automation and robotics engineering.\"The course focuses on giving students a hands-on experience and equips them with interdisciplinary knowledge. Automation and robotics engineering open up career opportunities in diverse fields such as manufacturing, agriculture, mining, research and engineering, among others. Robots are the need of the hour as they can do the jobs, which are dull, dirty and mundane,\" says Gurkirat Singh, executive director, Gulzar Group of Institutes.The course will cover areas like micro-processing , computer manufacturing system, artificial intelligence , digital electronics, robot motion planning , elements of mechanical engineering, technical drawing, chemistry, fundamentals of IT, etc.15 faculty members take the class, but besides that guest lectures are held whenever there is a need. \"Students can put into practice what they study in class in the labs. From the second year, students are exposed to different types of technologies and they are encouraged to explore and innovate. Tutorials and theory classes help in understanding the concepts. Students also take up projects and are allowed flexibility so that they can create new robots. They are encouraged to take part in competitions too,\" he says.Talking about career opportunities that students can have, Singh says that students can pursue careers in diverse areas. \"There is a good scope for competent experts and researchers to correlate themselves with different segments of R&D; in robotics. Students can opt for fields like surgery, modern warfare and nanotechnology, among others,\" says Singh.Students who complete the course will be helped with placement and internship opportunities . \"We have a dedicated cell for this and they help students with training and placement ,\" he concludes. There are 50 seats for the course. Students who have completed their +2 in the non-medical stream, have scored 65% and hold an AIEEE rank can apply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328138", "title": "Migrants in Bangalore most vulnerable to suicidal tendencies", "text": "BANGALORE: On World Suicide Prevention Day, the IT city has its task cut out given the fact that it is described as the suicide capital of India.Beginning 2009, Bangalore with 2,167 suicides, has led the country in the number of suicides, according to the National Crime Records Bureau. In 2010, the city recorded 1,778 suicides, a good 13% of the total suicides committed that year in the country.However, the only silver lining is that the number of suicides in the city is coming down. But doctors are still worried as suicide is rampant among students and young professionals, in the age group of 15-34 years.Experts believe migrants in the city are most vulnerable to suicidal tendencies. \"The city is home to a huge migrant population, both students and professionals. In the absence of a family support system to fall back on, they are unable to deal with any crisis. Also, there is a lack of protective mechanism in the individual making him or her further vulnerable,\" said Dr G Gururaj, professor and head, department of epidemiology, WHO Collaborating Centre for Injury Prevention and Safety Promotion, National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences (Nimhans).Consider this. At Manipal Hospital, on any given weekday, IT professionals seeking psychiatric help make for 40% of total outpatients. On Saturdays, the number climbs up to 60%.\"It is simply because most of them are away from home and they are under huge stress, both at work and home. The relationships around them are also quite fragile and they are not comfortable bonding with their partners either,\" said Dr SG Murali Raj, head of the psychiatry department at Manipal Hospital.Adolescent children, being in the vulnerable age-group, are unable to connect with their parents. While most parents are busy pursuing their respective careers, the rest just don't connect with their kids and the latter end up feeling isolated.What experts prescribe*Early recognition of the problem in the behavioural manifestations of the individual - by the individual himself or those around him*There is no substitute to quality counselling. Appoint professional counsellors to help the person overcome crisis. Both at workplace and in schools, give the distressed individuals a platform to voice their issues*Limit the availability of drugs*Introduce life skills classes in educational institutions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16330358", "title": "Coimbatore wants dedicated mental health hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: The demand for establishing a dedicated hospital dealing with mental health is gathering momentum here in the face of growing number of people with mental disorders and escalating number of people attempting suicide.Coimbatore and neighboring Tirupur constitute the suicide belt of Tamil Nadu and many psychologists attribute the alarming situation to psychiatric disorders. Surprising as it may seem, all the eight districts in Western Tamil Nadu are at present lacking in any major facility exclusively to treat mental disorders. Most of the complicated cases involving troubled minds from the region are now being referred to Kilpauk Mental Hospital at Aynavaram in Chennai. Though a few private facilities are available in the region and small psychiatric wards are functioning in key government hospitals, they are inadequate.Psychiatrics in the region relate most of the suicide cases in Tirupur and parts of Coimbatore to the increasing psychological and psychiatric problems faced by the local community irrespective of their social and economic status. If official records available for the past three years are any indication, the number of suicide cases in Coimbatore district has steadily increased. While the number of suicide cases in 2009 was 371, the figure rose in 2011 to 425 cases. Between January and May this year, the number of cases registered in the district were 172. Most of the suicide cases involved hanging.There are also several instances of poisoning and self immolation. Mari Kannan, associate professor at the Department of Psychiatry at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital, says that majority of suicide cases reported from the region are directly related to psychiatry related ailments. Like any other disease, psychiatric disorders also can be treated, he says. However, lack of awareness and in absence of proper intervention at the initial stages, there is a situation of more people tending to commit suicide or live with extreme psychiatric problems.According to him, at least 150 old cases and 15 new cases are being attended in the CMCH's department every day. Out of these, 60 per cent of the cases are in the age group of 20 to 35 years, 15 per cent in the age group 15-20 years and the rest are aged age and children. Initially the cases were referred from other departments but now people themselves are approaching the department to sort out the problems, he added. Kannan said the suicide cases can be divided into two including true suicide and para suicide. \"By true suicide we mean that there is always an intention in the mind of person to die, while the para suicide is more due to personality problems,\" he said.If carefully noticed, 95 per cent of the adolescent cases pertain to para suicide, he said adding, the lack of attention and proper care from the parents in young age is driving more number of people to succumb to this situation. In cases of schizophrenia, a mental disorder that has common symptoms such as hallucinations(auditory),delusions, blunted emotions, disorganized thinking, autistic behavior and withdrawal from reality, it is referred to Chennai.At least two cases every month, mostly wanderers or lunatics are send to Chennai and admitted, as there is no facility here. Psychatrist Shaktivel at the government hospital, Tirupur said that 70 per cent of the suicide case were found to be in the age group of 15 to 30 years.Socio economic problems were the major reason for suicide cases, he said. G Vishnu Charan, managing director of Naveen Hospital For Mental Health and De-addiction, feels that unlike before there is no joint family system and the parents too have no time to take care of their children due to their hectic work schedule.\"Parents mostly do not understand the psychological changes taking place in the child while he or she grows to become an adult. The growing competition, changing lifestyle, and insecurity is again putting a lot of pressure on the child and as they grow they find it hard to cope with the reality,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16335623", "title": "CVC penalises 203 govt officials on corruption charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 203 government officials, including 20 from the department of telecommunications, have been penalised by the Central Vigilance Commission on corruption charges.Of these, a highest of 21 are working in Indian Overseas Bank, 16 each in Punjab National Bank, Union Bank of India and ministry of railways and 15 in Central Board of Excise and Customs, the CVC said in its performance report for July.The penalised officials included eight from the ministry of coal, seven of Delhi Development Authority (DDA), five of Municipal Corporation of Delhi and six of UCO Bank, among others.\"The commission advised imposition of major penalty against 33 officials of various ministries, departments or organisations including one joint secretary and legal adviser of Department of Legal Affairs, one IAS officer (Ex-vice chairman, DDA), one general manager(P) of Air India,\" it said.The chief technical examiner's wing of the commission also submitted five technical examination reports which resulted in recovery of about Rs 1.34 crore during July.The CVC had processed 2,832 complaints (including 67 from whistleblowers) during the month and sought investigation or factual report in 45 complaints from the ministries or departments concerned.The probity watchdog also gave 34 vigilance clearances for empanelment of board-level appointments.The commission is concerned over continuing delay in filling the post of chief vigilance officers in MMTC Ltd and Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL), the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328880", "title": "State's heritage in untrained hands", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat does not seem to respect its glorious past which is safeguarded for the future generation in the museums. Why else would the custody of invaluable historical, political, cultural and social heritage be bestowed in hands of people who are not even qualified for holding such posts?TOI investigations have revealed that the positions of director of museums in the state are lying vacant for the past one-and-a-half years. What's more, of the 14 government run museums in the state, only two have qualified curators. The rest of them are run by class III employees!Gujarat has 14 museums spread over different parts of the state. This includes museums in Vadodara, Junagadh, Bhavnagar, Shamlaji, Saputara, Patan, Vadnagar, Bardoli, Tharad, Bardoli and Kutch.Experts said that the candidates, who hold post graduate degree or diploma in museology, are qualified to become curators. In Gujarat, these courses are offered only in the MS University.Such qualified curators are posted only in two museums-Junagadh and Jamnagar. The remaining museums have incharge heads who are class III employees and do not have the required qualification to be the custodians of our splendid heritage.The state museums safeguard priceless items of historic significance including the remnants of the life of the Iron Man of India-Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, his books, clothes and philosophy. There are Patola sarees of heritage value, docoments related to the Sun Temple, centuries old embroideries from the land of Kutch, tribal heritage among other items of historical and cultural significance.Officials said that six months back, an attempt was made to rectify the situation. \"A proposal was sent to the department of museums to fill the positions of curators by hiring degree or diploma in museology passouts on a fixed pay scale of Rs 15,000. They could later be absorbed at the positions after they get requisite experience. The proposal was rejected by the finance department which said that only a salary of Rs 4,500 can be offered,\" the expert said.Secretary of sports , youth and cultural acitivities department-Bhagyesh Jha said, accepted that the positions of curators in most museums were indeed lying vacant.\"These positions will be filled up soon.\" Jha said. He conceded that if there were any technical problems in the management of museums, experts from the department are rushed to resolve them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16329611", "title": "RRB examination held peacefully in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Examination for the Railway Recruitment Board (RRB) was conducted successfully at different centres in the city on Sunday. About 41% of the candidates appeared at the examination.The examination, for which RRB had made elaborate arrangements, started at 11am and continued till 1pm. The examination was conducted for 403 posts of junior engineers including JE (Civil), JE (Signalling and Telecom), JE ( Mechanical) and JE (Electrical).Talking to TOI, chairman of Railway Recruitment Board Sanjeev Mathur said another RRB examination would be conducted on September 16 to select candidates for the post of section engineers.The candidates who have not received their call letters yet are requested to contact RRB office located at Subedarganj on September 14 and get duplicate call letters.Meanwhile, for the convenience of the candidates appearing in the examination, North Central Railway extended Allahabad-Chunar passenger upto Mughalsarai and also extra coaches to some of the regular trains on Sunday.In addition, one extra general coach was attached to train number 15159 Sarnath Express and train number 15004 Chauri Chaura Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328641", "title": "Mandals feel pinch as decorations get dearer", "text": "MUMBAI: The scale of Ganeshotsav celebrations in Mumbai can be gauged from the statistics surrounding the festival. Interestingly, the idol's cost is but a fraction of the amount that is invested towards decoration, security and other infrastructure.Naresh Dahibawkar of the Bruhanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti said, \"There are around 10,300 mandals in Mumbai of which 3,000 are big organizers and the rest hold their functions in bylanes and housing societies.\" Rough estimates put the number of private household celebrations at 1.2-1.5 lakh.As for the actual celebration, the cost of the idol works out less than the money invested in decorating the pandal. \"The average cost of a small 'moorti' about 1-2 ft tall is Rs 1,000-1,500. Slightly bigger idols of 3-4 ft are available for Rs 5,000-8,000 while those that reach a height of 6-7 ft are priced at Rs 30,000-40,000, perhaps more,\" said 'moortikar' Santosh Kambli who sculpts the idol of Lalbaugcha Raja. Prices have risen by 20-30% this year on the back of costlier raw material. An array of exquisite 'makhars' or makeshift shrines in thermocol, wood and plaster of Paris is being sold across wayside stalls that costs anywhere from Rs 1,500 to Rs 40,000 a piece.Art director Rohit Sharma has been sculpting 'makhars' since three years. He said, \"For household Ganpatis, I have created a range entirely in white costing Rs 2,500-5,000 while the coloured pieces cost Rs 5,000-40,000. A sarvajanik dressing costs a minimum of Rs 30,000. Often mandals assign themes depending upon their choice of idol and that can push up prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16333603", "title": "Taliban insurgents posing as women on Facebook", "text": "SYDNEY: Taliban insurgents are posing as 'attractive women' on Facebook to become friends with coalition soldiers and gather intelligence about their operations.The dangers of using social media sites have been revealed in a federal government review of social media and defence, which was finalized in March, Australian defence sources said.Australian soldiers are being given pre-deployment briefings about Taliban insurgents' plans of creating fake profiles to spy on them.According to news.com.au, personnel have also been warned that geo-tagging, a function of many websites that secretly logs the location from where a post is made or a photo is uploaded, is a significant danger.The review has warned troops to be aware of fake profiles which enemies create to gather information.The report said that as many as 1577 defence members surveyed for the review had no awareness of the risk, adding 58 percent of the staff had no social media training.\"Most did not recognise that people using fake profiles, perhaps masquerading as school friends, could capture information and movements. Few consider the possibilities of data mining and how patterns of behaviour can be identified over time,\" the report said.The report warned that family and friends of troops are also inadvertently jeopardizing missions by sharing confidential information online.According to the report, three Australian soldiers were this month murdered inside their base, allegedly by an Afghan Army trainee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329749", "title": "'Flood tourism' along an overflowing Tapi", "text": "SURAT: A large number of people were worried on Friday about the city getting flooded like in 2006 by an overflowing Tapi. On the other side was the family of Girish Vankawala. The family of five was on Tapi bank at Adajan to enjoy dry farsan and thepla.\"We had cooked dry snacks for the crisis. However, there was no flood. We did not want to miss the magnificent view of gushing Tapi waters. So, we came here to enjoy the snacks,\" said Girish, a retail shop owner.There were many families like that of Girish's who were enjoying on the river bank. \"I had never seen so much of water flowing in any river. This is a rare sight for me. I am visiting Navdi ovara for the fourth time since morning,\" said Vipul Rajput, a resident of Timaliyawad. He was accompanied by his several friends.The river continuously attracted thousands of people at ovaras and bridges. Policemen in large number had to be deployed to keep the road clear as many of them had parked their vehicles on the bridge. PPeople kept clicking photographs of the river and then uploaded them on social networking sites. \"Watching the river water flow in speed is a lifetime experience. I clicked a few pictures,\" said Nirav Kansara, a college student, who had stopped by on Sardar Bridge to see Tapi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "napur", "code": "16330224", "title": "\u2018Hold spl session for SC/ST bill\u2019", "text": "NAPUR: RPI leader Ramdas Athawale has demanded that the UPA government should hold a special session of Parliament to pass the bill for reservations to SC and ST employees in promotions in government jobs. He said his party would stage demonstrations in front of district collectorates for three days beginning Wednesday for this demand.Commenting on Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray's objection to caste-based quota in promotions, he said, \"I know Thackeray wants such quota on the basis of economic status of a person. I don't have any problems with this demand. But first, politicians should eradicate caste system in our society. We will then give up demands for reservations for SCs and STs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16329580", "title": "Painting competition for children", "text": "ALLAHABAD: North Central Railway Women Welfare Organisation (NCRWWO) organized a painting competition at the Officers' Club in Subedarganj on Sunday. Several children participated in the competition and showcased their creative skills.The children were divided into three age groups of 6-9 years, 9-12 years, and 12-15 years. The topics for the painting competition for the first group were 'My house' or 'My favourite cartoon character.' The topic for the second group was 'Scene of a cricket match' or 'Scene of a football match'. The topics that the children from the third group had to choose from were 'Cigarette smoking is injurious to health,' 'Conservation of Earth,' and 'Olympic games 2012.'Those present during the programme included NCRWWO vice president Ranjana Rawal, Dolly Mittal, Neelam Varshney, Madhulika Mathur, Afshan Kabeer, Poonam Mathur, Suman Lata Verma, Neera Shukla, Chavi Gupta, Sujata Nagayach, Charu Mathur, Neelima Singh, Mamta Rana and Madhu Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328663", "title": "Techie robbed of Rs 10,000, gold chain", "text": "NEW DELHI: A software engineer was robbed and assaulted by three unidentified men in north Delhi on Saturday night, police said.Mohit Shetty (29) was returning home with his wife after visiting a friend when on the Geeta colony flyover, his bike's front tyre went flat. Finding no help on the road, Shetty called up his friend for help. The friend first went to drop Shetty's wife home and was then returning to help Shetty repair the bike.Meanwhile, Shetty began to push his bike in an attempt to locate a puncture repair shop. \"Suddenly three men surrounded him from all sides and began to hit him with a rod. They then snatched his wallet containing Rs 10,000, mobile phone and gold chain. They also damaged the bike and fled the spot,\" said a police officer. Although they were not masked, Shetty has told cops that he could not recognize them due to the darkness.After they left, Shetty took a phone from a passerby and informed police, his wife and friend. Shetty was treated at a nearby hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329224", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Tuesday from 9am to 5pm.Rajakilapakkam: Entire - Kamarajapuram, Rajakilapakkam, part of Chitlapakkam, Sembakkam, Gomathy Nagar, Chitlapakkam.Perungalathur : New &amp; Old Perungalathur, Peerkankaranai, Mudhichur, Part of - West Tambaram, Irumbuliyur, Kolapakkam, Vandalur.Red Hills: Redhills GNT Rd, Naravarikuppam, Padianallur, Sothupakkam, Alinjivakkam, Vilangadupakkam, Kossapur, Sendrambakkam, Theeyampakkam, Sirungavur, Theerthakaraiyan Pattu, Palavoyal.Shanthi Colony: Anna Nagar - AA to AM block, 3 to 15th main Rd, 7th main Rd, TNHB Quarters, Old Y block, Anna Nagar East - Part of A block, Shenoy Nagar west - I, II, III main Rd, 3 to 8th cross st, Ganthi st, Beri Beri Rd , Kamarajar st, Periya Koodal, Bharathi Puram, West Club Rd, West Park Rd, Kathiravan Cony, Gajalakshmi Colony, Amjikarai - Thiruveethi Amman koil st, Manjakollai st, P.P.garden, M.M.colony, Periyar colony, Pullah avenue, N S K Nagar - P H Rd, 11 to 23rd st of N.S.K.Nagar, Kannappan st, Part of N.M.Rd.Nungambakkam: Prakasam st, Habibullah Rd, Vidyodya st, Model School Rd, GA Khan st, Gulam Abbaz Khan st, Greams Rd, Anna Sala,Aziz Mulk st, Wallace garden st, Haddows Rd, Nungambakkam high Rd, Kodambakkam high Rd, GN Chetty Rd, Lloyds Rd, Jaipur Nagar, Conran Smith Rd, Catherdal Rd.Madambakkam: Sembakkam, Rajakilpakkam, Madamabakkam, Part of Selaiyur/Camp Rd, Thiruvencheri, Madurapakkam, Agaramthen, Kovilanchery, Velachery main Rd (part), Kamarajapuram, Part of Vengaivasal.Manali : Part of Manali Market, Kamaraj salai, Chinna Sekadu, Periya Sekadu, Balajipalayam, Padmagiri Nagar, Moolachathiram, Jayalakshmi garden, Annai Indra Nagar, Parvathy Nagar, Selavoyal, Meenakshi Bharathi Co-op Nagar, Ganapathy Nagar, Old MGR Nagar, Thanthai Periyar Nagar, All HT Industries.Mathur: Mathur, MMDA, Periya &amp; Chinna Mathur, Azees Nagar, Manjambakkam, Masilamani Nagar, CKM Nagar, MCC avenue, MRH Rd Telephone colony, St.Joseph garden, Perumal koil st, Aavin Quarters, Alex Nagar, Metha Nagar, Natesan Nagar, Thirumurugan Nagar, Leather Estate, Lalitha garden, Kambar Nagar, Esayaman Nagar, Vadaperumbakkam, Manali, Periya Thoppu, CPCL Nagar, Kamarajar salai, MMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16330182", "title": "Tread with caution here", "text": "HUBLI: Dajiban Peth is located in the heart of Hubli and it is one of the busiest places of the city. Thousands of people use the main road of Dajiban Peth to commute to their work place and also for shopping. However, footpaths on this road are severely damaged, posing risk to life and limb of commuters.Since the footpaths are in bad shape, people are forced to walk on the main road, dodging vehicles. This indeed is a dangerous proposition, especially for children and senior citizens.People using the main road is leading to traffic snarls on the main road. Footpath needs to be immediately repaired immediately to ease congestion on the main road.Speaking to TOI, Eknath Jogi, who had come for shopping to Dajiban Peth said people are forced to walk on the busy main road in the absence of proper footpaths. It is risky to walk on this road where vehicles often move with great speed.The pavers laid on the footpaths have been badly damaged. One has to walk with a great care to avoid these shaky slabs. If any pedestrian overlooks the broken pavers, he will straight away fall into the ditch.The problem aggravates because the roads in Dajiban Peth are very narrow and busy. However, the danaged pavers have not been replaced for months by the city corporation.Vinita, a customer who had come to Dajiban Peth for buying vegetables said proper footpaths should be laid in the area. The corporation authorities should also take action on shop owners who have encroached upon footpaths and kept their goods.Corporator speakSpeaking to TOI, area corporater D K Chavan said that the previous work done on the footpaths at Dajiban Peth was not good. The corporation will renovate the footpath at an estimated cost of Rs 2.5 lakh. The renovation works will begin soon and measurements will be take n. Since the pavers get damaged within a few years, they will be removed and concrete slabs will be laid which are more durable, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16329068", "title": "CPM seeks probe into PMO role in coal block allocations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Sunday said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was \"in the dock for the policies and decisions which have led to high-level corruption in the coal block allocations\" and demanded a probe that would also look into the role of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).In a statement after the politburo meeting, CPM demanded a probe into coal block allocations and cancellation of allotment to the private sector. \"The PM is in the dock for the policies and decisions which have led to high-level corruption in the coal block allocations,\" the party said. \"Under his watch, the PMO intervened to ensure coal blocks to certain private parties and provide undue benefits for those allocated coal blocks such as use of excess coal,\" it added.\"All those found responsible for wrongdoing and causing loss to the exchequer should be proceeded against. In the meantime, the coal block allocations to private companies which have been done in an irregular fashion and those who have violated the terms and conditions should be cancelled,\" it said.CPM also attacked BJP for stalling Parliament and said it was responsible for coal block allocation during the NDA regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329281", "title": "Cops arrest three men for murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Three youths were arrested on Saturday for killing a man and stealing 11 sovereigns of gold and Rs 5,000 in Kottivakkam.Police said Vinayagam was found dead in a pool of blood with his throat slit on August 14 in Elango Nagar. Gold jewellery and cash kept inside the cupboard were missing. Based on his wife's complaint, police arrested Mani, 24, Venkat, 22, and Vinod Kumar, 22.Police said Vinod Kumar owned a rent-a-car business and the two others wanted to start a similar business. So they decided to steal from Vinayagam. When they broke into the house, Vinayagam woke up. The three men attacked him and slit his throat.A special team arrested the three and recovered the stolen gold and cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332952", "title": "Kareena Kapoor turns journalist in 'Satyagrah'", "text": "Kareena Kapoor has graduated to roles of a more mature kind. In Prakash Jha's Satyagrah, she plays a seasoned political journalist with a strong ideological bent to her personality. Her character is modelled on CNN's Christiane Amanpour, who is known for her humane and compassionate reportage on the worst kind of atrocities against humankind for nearly three decades.A source close to the project said, \"Whenever we've seen television journalists in Hindi films, they're invariably modelled on Barkha Dutt. Prakash has not only asked Kareena to model her character on Christiane Amanpour but he will also make the actress watch tapes of Amanpour's news coverage and her show on CNN. Prakash wants Kareena to understand how much heart Amanpour brings to her news reportage.\"In the film, Kareena will also follow Amanpour's dress code: chic and fashionable yet formal and not too severe. The source said, \"Prakash doesn't want her to follow the routine dress code of salwar kameez and sarees. The most stylishly cut executive suits modelled on Amanpour's dress style will be designed for Kareena.\"On his part, Jha told us, \"From the time I wrote the journalist's character in Satyagrah, I had Christiane Amanpour in mind. I wrote Kareena's character thinking only of Amanpour. I love the deep connectivity she establishes with the viewers with her compassionate reportage and analysis.\"What's more, she has a love angle with Ajay Devgn but in the words of the source, \"There is no coochie cooing, no singing and dancing, and no running around trees. It's a very practical, mature kind of relationship that doesn't follow the typical Bollywood norms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16330004", "title": "CPM not for CBI probe", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A meeting of the CPM politburo on Sunday opposed the demand for a CBI probe into the May 4 murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. The decision comes three days after opposition leader V S Achuthanandan supported TP's wife K K Rema's demand for a CBI probe. The party, too, had earlier welcomed investigation by any agency.Announcing the PB decision in New Delhi, party general secretary Prakash Karat said the demand for a CBI probe was politically motivated and aimed at harassing CPM leaders. \"The investigation report of the special investigation team should be submitted before the court,\" he told reporters.Meanwhile in Kottayam, state home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said the CPM politburo had indirectly accepted the Kerala police's findings. \"Achuthanandan has repeatedly said of a conspiracy behind the murder. The PB has taken a decision against the VS's demand, and they are now bound to explain this stand,'' he said. |", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333793", "title": "Salman wants pin drop silence while he sleeps", "text": "One thing that Salman Khan hates is being disturbed while sleeping. He likes to catch up on his forty winks in pin drop silence.Even a slight sound can awaken the actor leaving him a trifle irritated. That's the reason why the actor while getting his vanity van done up has taken care to keep the decor to the minimum so that there won't be any disturbance. Not even a breezing sound.Our source close to the actor said, \"Salman has strictly instructed the professionals doing up the interiors of his van not to include anything that is going to make a sound when parked or motion.\" He has also abstained from hi-tech gadgets to be installed in the van. \"Salman uses his van to rest in between shots and thus felt that it was best to keep away from uncalled for luxuries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16329490", "title": "One held in Varanasi for robbery in Kolkata", "text": "VARANASI: In a joint operation, special task force (STF) and anti-dacoit squad of Kolkata police nabbed Gaurav alias Raj Yadav from Mansarovar Ghat on Sunday.Gaurav was involved in August 23 robbery of Rs 3.30 crore from the house of Manoj Bothra in Mango Lane, under Hair Street police area, in Kolkata. The cops recovered Rs 42 lakh in cash, ornaments worth Rs 15.75 lakh and arms and ammunition from Gaurav.STF Varanasi unit in-charge Durgesh Kumar said that robbers had robbed cash and ornaments from Manoj Bothra's house on August 23. The ADS of Kolkata police was assigned the task to investigate the case. During the investigation the Kolkata police got the clue of Gaurav, a native of Mansarovar Ghat. The ADS of Kolkata police contacted the STF headquarters in Lucknow.The Varanasi field unit of STF was asked to assist the ADS Kolkata police team which reached here under the leadership of Tapan Chakravarty. The joint team of these agencies raided Gaurav's residence on Sunday morning and arrested him with the cash and valuables robbed from Bothra's place. The police also recovered a .9mm pistol, a revolver, a country-made revolver and cartridges in huge quantity from his possession. The ADS took Gaurav to Kolkata.Murder: Sensation prevailed in Tofapur, under Rohania police area, on Sunday morning when the body of Kanta Prasad Yadav (48) was found lying near a farmhouse.Kanta, a native of Badhainikala village, was seen at a brick kiln near his village on Saturday night. Reports stated that he was a drunkard and he used to quarrel with others after consuming liquor. On Saturday evening, he had quarrelled again after consuming liquor. On Sunday morning, his body was found. Mark of burn injuries were noticed on the lower parts of the body. The assailants had also hit his head with sharp-edged weapon.Body recovered: Body of an unidentified man, aged around 40, was found lying along the road near Karnadadi, under Rohania police area, on Sunday morning. It was suspected that he died after coming under the wheels of some speeding vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329701", "title": "New terminal design gets Cochin International Airport Limited approval", "text": "KOCHI: The director board of Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial) on Saturday approved the design of the proposed Rs 600 crore international terminal.The two-level terminal, which is expected to be completed in four years, will have a capacity to handle 10 million passengers.The terminal will also have a capacity to handle 4,000 passengers during peak hour. It will be equipped with the most modern facilities and will have 15 aerobridges.The airport has been recording 12-13% annual growth in passenger traffic and the design has been made with a view to meet projected passenger flow up to 2030.Earlier addressing the annual general meeting (AGM) chief minister Oommen Chandy , who is also the chairman of Cial, said efforts would be made to accommodate the demand of the minority shareholders on rights issue.Legally there are some constraints in meeting their demand to allocate rights issue at face value. However, the government would still explore ways to meet this demand, Chandy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16329332", "title": "Steel City pays tribute to Verghese Kurien", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Employees of Tata Steel paid tribute to 'Milkman of India' Verghese Kurien , who died at the Muljibhai Patel Urological Hospital in Anand, Gujarat on Sunday. Kurien, the Father of White Revolution in India and the founder of Amul, had spent some of the formative years of his life and started his career in Jamshedpur.Kurien, the recipient of about 20 awards including Karmaveer Puraskar, conferred to him by the confederation of non government organizations, iCONGO, joined the technical institute of Tata Steel (formerly Tata Iron and Steel Company) after completing his Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering from Madras University. He was associated with the company till 1946. \"It was after a brief stint in Tisco that he obtained a Government of India scholarship to study aboard,\" said a company official.\"We are proud of the fact Kurien sir was part of the Tata Steel family. We are honoured to have been associated with him and deeply mourn his death. He will continue to be an inspiration for generations to come,\" said Naresh Paswan, a 40-year-old employee of Tata Steel.A junior engineer of the company, M D Jha echoed the sentiment. \"The employees take pride in associating themselves with the visionary. In fact, we would be thrilled to read articles that spoke about one of our fellow employees being the brain behind Operation Flood that helped India become the world's largest milk producer,\" said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328767", "title": "DMRC to recruit from other sectors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Metro is planning to open its doors to outsiders for training.\"Operators and regulators in the urban transport sector who want to know about rail-based Mass Rapid Transit System can learn so from the Delhi Metro now,\" said an official.DMRC will organize training programmes from next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16330386", "title": "Govt failed to tackle drought: KPCC president", "text": "MYSORE: KPCC president G Parameshwara on Saturday said the state government has miserably failed to tackle drought.Speaking to reporters here, he said the chief minister is sleeping over the problem, and is not making any efforts to tackle drought. \"The government has failed to fathom the gravity of the situation,\" he said, adding that the CM is oblivious about people's sufferings. \"To suppress its failures, it is pointing its fingers at the Centre, claiming that it is not releasing funds,\" he said.Pointing out the measures initiated by the central government, Parameshwara said it has sanctioned Rs 4,500 crore under MNREGS, Rs 800 crore for drought-relief works and Rs 684 crore for drinking water schemes. \"But the state has failed to utilize the money and submit the expenditure statement to the Centre. The failure of the state government to provide the statement is the reason for the Centre to not release more money,\" he said.The state government must waive off farmer loans borrowed from nationalized banks, Parameshwara said, and recalled that the Centre had once waived off loans to the tune of Rs 72,000 crore, irrespective of the institutions from where they were borrowed. \"This being the case, why has the state restricted its waiver to co-operative loans?\" he asked, and charged it with trying to gain political mileage out of loan waiver.KPCC chief said the Congress report on drought will be given to Centre on Sept 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328856", "title": "Girl fakes kidnap in bid to change schools", "text": "MUMBAI: A 12-year-old Std VI student from Kurla (W) reportedly staged her own kidnap on Friday when her parents turned down her request to get her enrolled in another school. The minor girl, who hails from a middle class family, was annoyed with her classmates who teased her about a boy and so wanted to discontinue further studies at the school, said the Kurla police.DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said the girl, student of an English medium school, planned to stage the kidnap drama when her parents took her request for change of school lightly instead of trying to know the problem she was facing. \"The girl took the extreme step to scare her parents. She did it so that her act will make her parents fulfill her wish of changing the school,\" Kulkarni told TOI.Early on Friday, the girl left her Kurla home on the pretext of going to school. \"She didn't attend school. Instead, she went to Kurla railway station, took a train and reached Panvel around 7.10am. She went to a relative's house there and informed them that she had been kidnapped by four unidentified men in a Maruti van from Kurla while she was on her way to school and that she had somehow managed to escape,\" said Kulkarni.Wasting no time, the girl's relatives took her to the Panvel police station and lodged a case of kidnapping. The police informed the Kurla police about the incident and transferred the case for further probe. \"The girl repeatedly the girl narrated the incident without any discrepancies and remained firm in her statement,\" said a Kurla police officer.When the police checked her school bag, they found the train ticket which she had bought around 5.45am from Kurla station. \"Finally, the girl confessed that she was fed up with her classmates and planned the abduction. She was handed to the safe custody of her parents at noon. We counselled the girl and her parents so that in future she should not take any extreme step that will lead to a serious problem,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333949", "title": "Charminar finishes its song shoot", "text": "With the editing work almost finished for his new film 'Charminar', producer- director Mylari Chandru is now focused on the picturisation of four songs of the film .\"It will be a 21 day non stop shooting for the picturisation of five songs. Four will be picturised in the outdoors, while one will be shot in Bengaluru indoor set. Harsha and Murali will be choreographing two songs each, while I will be taking the responsibility of choreographing one song,\" said Chandru in a press meet.Since the film's protagonist Premkumar was busy in the shooting of 'Chandra' directed by Roopa Iyer, Chandru utilised this opportunity to complete the entire editing work of the shooting portions. \"I was also able to get right outdoor locations for the shooting of the songs of the film,\" said Chandru. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16328492", "title": "Dengue cases unchecked as machine goes out of order", "text": "NOIDA: In the past five days, private hospitals have forwarded 42 cases of suspected dengue to the district health department for analysis. However, the analysis of samples has not been conducted yet as the machine required for it has broken down.Private hospitals were ordered to report cases of suspected dengue to the district hospital, after which it would forward the patient to the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme in Delhi.However, soon after the order was sent to different hospitals, the machine required to conduct testing of samples at the district level broke down. Hospital pathologist, Dr HM Lavaniya, confirmed this.The health department, however, claimed that they know nothing about this breakdown in machinery. \"The results hadn't arrived as of Saturday. I don't know about the machine being non-functional,\" said Satendra Kumar, district malaria officer.Health department officials said that cases of malaria till now are restricted to rural areas. \"Most cases till now have come from Jewar and Dadri belts. We are taking steps to ensure that breeding of mosquitoes is kept to a minimum. Anti-larva sprays are being used in places identified as risk areas,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329211", "title": "Star Of Gibraltar wins feature", "text": "PUNE: Dallas Todywalla-trained Star Of Gibraltar shocked many when he managed to overcome front-runner Star Trainer in the last few metres to claim the Southern Command Gold Trophy (Grade 3), the feature event of the Sunday's Pune Races.Jockey A Sandesh kept Star Of Gibraltar in second position as Star Trainer showed the way in a seven-horse field. With 100 metres to the finish, Sandesh cut Star Of Gibraltar's lead and snatch the lead very close to the winning post. On the occasion of the Southern Command race day, the army showcased some of skilful drills and craftsmanship which Indian army practices and employs in times of war.Results with Mumbai/Pune dividends1. Live Legend Plate (1600m): Snow Mountain 1, Persian 2, Theology 3, Sherlock Holmes 4. 2, 1-1/2, 3/4. T:1:40.96. Tote: Rs 35 for win; 11, 36, 15 for places; Shp: 112; Fc: 610; Q: 196; Tanala: 643 and 261.2. Col. Kaikhushroo Maneckji Bharucha Memorial Trophy-Div-II (1000m): Helen 1, Free Verse 2, Follow Me 3, Expelliarmus 4. 1, 1, shd. T:1:01.56. Tote: Rs 45for win; 16, 18, 18 for places; Shp: 41; Fc: 171; Q: 63; Tanala: 391 and 229.3. Juventus Trophy-Div-II (1200m): Monza 1, Set Ablaze 2, Alkazi 3, Francois 4. 7-1/2, 4, 1. T:1:11.86. Tote: Rs 26 for win; 12, 12, 71 for places; Shp: 33; Fc: 31; Q: 38; Tanala: 508 and 326.4. Field Marshal Sam Maneckshaw Memorial Trophy (1000m): Emerging Star 1, Ishpingo 2, Coccinella 3, Dictator 4. 3/4, 1-1/4, 1-3/4. T:0:59.80. Tote: Rs 30 for win; 15, 11 for places; Shp: 23; Fc: 80; Q: 26; Tanala: 27 and 22.5. Southern Command Gold Trophy (Grade 3) 1600m: Star Of Gibraltar 1, Star Trainer 2, Rajasthan Royals 3, Cent Per Cent 4. 3/4, 1-1/4, 3/4. T:1:38.46. Tote: Rs 53 for win; 25, 35 for places; Shp: 67; Fc: 235; Q: 237; Tanala: 2741 and 923.6. Col. Kaikhushroo Maneckji Bharucha Memorial Trophy-Div-I (1000m): Festival Night 1, Amika 2, Snow Ball 3, Celsius 4. Shd, 1/2, 2-1/4. T:1:01.88. Tote: Rs 114 for win; 33, 18, 16 for places; Shp: 50; Fc: 611; Q: 245; Tanala: 666 and 242.7. Juventus Trophy-Div-I (1200m): Bucharest 1, Alecto 2, Sunshine Heart 3, Ice Cool 4. 1-3/4, 2-1/2, 3/4. T:1:12.33. Tote: Rs 27 for win; 12, 19, 22 for places; Shp: 65; Fc: 87; Q: 67; Tanala: 719 and 260.8. Air Strike Plate (1400m): Yuville 1, Snow Blaze 2, Zakynthos 3, Defining Moment 4. 5-3/4, 3/4, 2-1/2. T:1:26.30. Tote: Rs 35 for win; 15, 16, 14 for places; Shp: 57; Fc: 90; Q: 51; Tanala: 180 and 60.Jackpot: 70% Rs 28585 (16) &amp; 30% 2970 (66); Super Jackpot: 70% 102946 (1) &amp; 30% 6303 (7); 1st Treble: 1468 (16); 2nd Treble: 657 (58).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16329862", "title": "Health dept to augment disaster management force", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district health department has decided to strengthen its rapid response team (RRT) to carry out effective rescue operations during natural disasters. The decision was taken after observing that specific locations in the district are prone to natural calamities like landslide and floods.Hilly regions of the district such as Puthuppady, Pulluranppara, Anakampoyil, Thiruvambadi, Kakkat and Kuttiyadi are prone to landslides during monsoon, while Kovoor and Narikuni, which fall under the city corporation, are prone to floods.RRT in those areas will be given special training to carry out relief operations along with the fire and rescue department and police. RRT members and the health department staff will be trained to administer first aid, effect rescue and transport victims to hospital from mishap sites. Medical officers of respective health centres will be in charge of RRT.Additional district medical officer Dr M K Appunny said: \"RRT was in its nascent stage, but now we have a detailed plan for its functioning.\" \"We are training them for rescue in different scenarios like LPG leak, floods etc. Though we are short staffed, it has not affected our operations,\" he said.The health department has RRTs at 68 primary health centres, 16 community health centres and one at the district level.Landslide in Thusharagiri forestAround 30 families from Puthupady and Chembukadavu have been shifted to safer places following landslide inside the forest at Thusharagiri on Sunday evening.District collector K V Mohankumar said there is no alarming situation in the area.\"Eight families in Chembukadavu and 22 in Puthupady have been shifted as a precautionary measure,\" he said. ADM K P Remadevi visited the spot to lead the rescue activities.Chalipuzha overflowed after the landslide deep inside the forest. The Chembukadavu-Parambatta bridge was submerged in the gushing waters.Meanwhile, the vehicular traffic was disrupted near the View Point on the Wayanad pass after a portion of sidewall caved in on the road. Traffic was restored after one hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328784", "title": "Delhi Metro to start trial of 8-coach trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The journey in Metro will soon be less jam packed with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) starting trial for eight-coach trains from next month. These trains will be put into revenue service only by this year end.Set to be introduced in the HUDA city centre-Jehangirpuri and Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali corridors, these eight-coach trains are expected to ease the crowds on these two lines. As of now, 54 out of 62 trains on line 2 (HUDA city centre-Jehangirpuri) and 40 out of 71 trains on line 3 (Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali) are six-coach trains.\"By February 2014, Delhi Metro will convert 37 six-coach trains on line 2 into eight-coach trains, while 31 trains on line 3 will be eight-coach trains,\" said H S Anand, director (rolling stock), DMRC. According to an official, one of the Bombardier four-coach trains will also be converted into a six-coach train on the Gurgaon corridor. On the Dwarka corridor, or the Blue line, the trains to be converted into eight-coach trains are from RS1 (which are the Mitsubishi-Rotem-Mitsubishi electrical trains). Six four-coach trains on the Gurgaon line of RS1 will be converted into six-coach trains as well. The first eight-coach train is expected to be operational by the end of this year.According to Anand, before induction into revenue service- that is before making these eight coach trains available to the public, a number of tests will be undertaken. He said, \"Stringent 'Type Tests' are to be done on the eight-coach train.\" These include various aspects of Metro operations such as signaling, safety, speed pick up, jerking, breaking etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335972", "title": "Raaja's 35-minute track record", "text": "Maestro Ilaiyaraaja composed all the songs for director P Vasu's superhit film Chinna Thambi , starring Prabhu and Khusbu, in 35 minutes. Needless to say, all the songs were chartbusters!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328762", "title": "Bhiwandi toilet building caves in: 2 dead, 4 hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons died and four were injured when a two-storey public toilet building collapsed at Gayatri Nagar in Bhiwandi on Sunday. Locals rushed to the spot to rescue those buried under the debris before a civic rescue team and fire brigade officials arrived.Locals blamed the Bhiwandi-Nizampura civic body for neglecting their request to repair the building, used by hundreds of slum families daily.The building was built by locals from their own contributions 13 years ago but it was responsibility of local civic body to maintain it. Residents alleged the deceased had complained to the civic body about the toilet's dilapidated condition a few months ago, but no one paid heed. However, municipal commissioner Achut Hange denied having received any such complaint from the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330110", "title": "Boyfriend sent to jail for girl\u2019s suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Akash Maldhare, the heartbroken beau whose girlfriend committed suicide on Saturday, was left with more agony on Sunday after the magistrate sent him to Nagpur central jail. Akash, 23, was arrested by Yashodhara Nagar police for abetting suicide of his 20-year-old girlfriend Rekha Nimje, who had hanged herself from the ceiling at her Rajiv Gandhi Nagar residence.Sources at the Yashodhara Nagar police station said that Akash was heard repenting in the custody on Saturday evening. Akash was booked after Rekha's father Jogeshwar lodged a police complaint. Cops had also found the suicide note in which Rekha had clearly blamed Akash for taking the extreme step. She had mentioned about a tiff between them a day before, which prompted the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335388", "title": "Lakhwinder Wadali brings Ishqe Da Jaam", "text": "Lakhwinder Wadali will be releasing yet another intoxicating album very soon, in fact he will be releasing it in October. The album entitled as 'Ishqe Da Jaam' and as the title suggests, it will be providing listeners with more food for the soul as it contains a collection of both sufi and folk style songs composed by music director Jatinder Jeetu, and will contain a total of 8 tracks.The star's unique singing talent has already caught his fans in the net with the magic that he portrays in his songs, and will be sure to catch even more listeners in the net with this new release.Ishqe Da Jaam is a sufi and folk oriented album. So the fans will get the plural taste of music genre in this album. Lakhwinder Wadali's last album Naina De Buhe was a big success and became one of the top selling albums of last season. Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328701", "title": "Court sends drunk driver to 5-day jail to \u2018save lives\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man held guilty of drunk driving has been sent to jail for five days by a Delhi court, which said many innocent lives might be lost if deterrent steps are not taken against such accused.\"Court can take judicial notice of the fact that majority of accidents which take place on Indian roads is due to driving under the influence of alcohol and if no deterrent steps are taken, many innocent lives are going to be lost in such accidents,\" additional sessions judge Vikas Dhull said.Refusing to show any leniency, the court directed that Sanjay Bhardwaj, who was out on bail, be taken into custody to serve his five-day jail term. \"Appellant be sent to jail for serving the sentence as awarded by the trial court on July 16, 2012,\" the court said.The sessions judge's order came on Sanjay's plea against the magisterial court's decision, which had also imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on him for riding a two-wheeler in an inebriated state in west Delhi.Seeking dismissal of Sanjay's plea, the prosecution said he was apprehended driving the bike in a heavily drunk state after he had jumped a red light. \"A person driving under the influence of alcohol has no respect for traffic laws. In this case too, he had thrown all caution to the winds,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329793", "title": "Residents heave sigh of relief as Ukai discharge reduced", "text": "SURAT: Residents in the diamond city heaved a sigh of relief after water level in river Tapi receded, ending the fear of floods on Saturday. The discharge from Ukai reservoir was reduced from 3.35 lakh cusecs to 2.46 lakh cusecs in the morning following significant reduction in the inflow of water into the reservoir.Official sources said rains in Tapi's catchment areas like Tisca, Chikaldhara and Dehtalai in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh have stopped for the past 12 hours, thus reducing the inflow of water into the reservoir. The inflow into the reservoir, which was 4.15 lakh cusecs on Friday evening, got reduced to 1.51 lakh cusecs on Saturday afternoon.Executive in charge of Ukai reservoir P S Dave told TOI, \"The inflow into the reservoir has reduced dramatically since Friday evening with the rains taking a break in Tapi's catchment areas in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. Against an inflow of 1.51 lakh cusecs, we are discharging 2.46 lakh cusecs to maintain the rule level at the reservoir.\"Dave said, \"The discharge will be reduced gradually by Saturday night, depending on the inflow of water into the reservoir. We will be able to reduce the discharge below 1.5 lakh cusecs by Sunday morning.\"According to the update provided by Ukai authorities at 4 pm, the water level at the reservoir was recorded at 337.68 feet against 338.69 recorded on Friday evening.However, executive engineer of Central Works Commission S K Mishra said, \"As there has been no substantial precipitation in the catchment of Tapi in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh in the last 12 hours, the situation is totally under control.\"Civic body sources said low-lying areas like Kadarshah ni Nal, the area behind Swaminarayan Temple in Adajan, Pandol in Ved Road continue to remain waterlogged on the second consecutive day as the flood gates are still closed. The flood gates would be opened only after the discharge is reduced below 1.70 lakh cusecs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16328674", "title": "V S Mani elected as Indore Bhaktha Samaj president", "text": "INDORE: V S Mani and V Thyagarajan were elected president and secretary of Indore Bhaktha Samaj (IBS) for the year 2012-14 in its annual general body meeting, which was held here on Sunday.The other office-bearers and committee members are Pankajam Ganesan (vice president), S Renganathan (Kannappan) joint secretary and Usha Rajasekaran Iyer (treasurer). Committee members include Kala Ravichandran, Anandi Rajamani, Meera Murali Rao, TA Srinivasachari, R Nagarajan and Vishwanathan V Iyer.SICA president, K Srinivasan and committee members have congratulated the new IBS office-bearers and committee members for the year 2012-14.Free eye check-up camp: A day-long free cataract treatment camp was organized in the city by an NGO, Samadhashram, on Sunday. Around 300 patients turned up for the eye check-up on the occasion. A team comprising five doctors, led by Dr O P Agrawal, was present on the occasion. Kailash Chinani, secretary of the organisation, said that whosoever is found suffering from cataract, will be given free treatment for the disease later on. The idea was to take care of the age-old persons who are unable to get their eyes treated due to some reason or the other. The camp was organized for the second year in a row, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16331865", "title": "Pickpocket held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 36-year-old man was arrested on Saturday night at Coimbatore railway station for pickpocketing Rs 15,500 from a construction supervisor.The accused was identified as V Jose of Calicut in Kerala. Police said he usually travelled on trains to rob commuters. On Saturday night, Ganeshan, 48, of Aruppukottai, a supervisor in a private construction firm boarded a train at the Coimbatore junction, carrying Rs 15,500 in his pocket. When he found that his money was missing he immediately alerted the railway police.Inspector M Lawrence on rounds at the railway station conducted an inquiry with the victim who identified the pickpocket. The inspector arrested Jose and seized the amount from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16330180", "title": "Renuka temple offers 3-year course in priesthood", "text": "BELGAUM: Sri Renuka Yallamma Temple Management Committee (SRYTMC) of Savadatti is all set to open a Veerashaivagama Pathashale, a religious education school in the temple premises to train people to become priests.The ancient temple, 70km from here, is said to be one of the richest temples in the state.The temple will initially start a three-year religious course called Pravara from this year under the guidance of the department of religious and charitable endowments. This is said to be the first school in north Karnataka region to offer government-approved religious courses. The dormitory of the temple has been reserved for the school.The temple has already invited applications for the course. The last day to submit applications is September 20.Students, who have passed 'Kavya' in Sanskrit as an optional subject after SSLC or PUC, are eligible to join the course. However, children who hail from a family of priests are exempted from passing the subject to join 'the course. Executive officer of the temple D K Nimbal told TOI that the committee was also contemplating to commence a three-year master's course 'Praveena' for those who complete Pravara.There is no limit for admission and no fee for joining the course. The committee will also provide free boarding facility for the students.The temple has 16 government-appointed priests, including two master priests. Initially, the master priests would be given additional responsibility of teaching the students. There will be four periods in a day - two in the morning and two in the afternoon. The students who pass the course would be recruited by the department of religious and charitable endowment as priests for different temples in state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330658", "title": "Tourism photo contest to continue till Sept 15", "text": "NASHIK: The photography competition, organized by Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) with an aim to discover new tourist places in Nashik division,began on September 1 and will continue up to September 15.The competition is being held at the district-level in the Nashik division which includes Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar, and is open to all. The contest has two underlying themes - nature ijn Nashik and places at tourism places and the second on tourist spots of religious interest. Each person can send at least five copies for the competition by 15th September. TheWinners will receive cash prizes. of the competition will be given first, second and third prizes for both the subjects at district level. The first prize will include the cash of Rs. 3,000, while the second and the third prizes will include Rs. 2,000 and Rs. 1,000, respectively. Participants will have to send photographs in 8x12 size addressed to MTDC, Paryatan Bhavan, the Govt Guest House, Golf Club, Nashik,\" a MTDC official said.Nashik division includes four districts- Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar.\"Our main objective is to promote tourism development in Nashik.There are several beautiful locations in Nashik, but tourists do not reach these places due to lack of information. Places discovered through the contest will be included in a brochure We have therefore organized the photo contest.The aim behind this is to discover new tourist locations not only in Nashik district, but across the division,\" an official said.Generally, most of the common people also have good sense to capture good pictures of beautiful locations in their cameras. Apart from photographs, the competitors will have to give information pertaining to the locations in 25 words. All those good ones will be picked from the photographs clicked by the competitors. The major aim behind this competition is to recover new tourist places.Apart from religious places, tourists also come to Nashik to enjoy beautiful scenic places and the pleasant atmosphere. The city is also known as the city of dams. Moreover, there are around nine forts and over 100 trekking places in Nashik district. We are also planning to make brochure to showcase the tourism potentials of Nashik. The new places, discovered through the photography competitions, will also be included in the brochure,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "durgapur (wb)", "code": "16335261", "title": "Woman raped in Bengal industrial township", "text": "DURGAPUR (WB): A woman was allegedly raped by a group of men when she was returning home with her husband at City Centre in the industrial township here, the police said on Monday.The 38-year-old woman, who runs a pathological laboratory at Asansol in partnership with a doctor, was picked up by the group of men at Piyala Kalibari on Sunday night, the police said.\"The gang beat up her husband who works in a nationalised bank and allegedly raped her,\" additional CP (Durgapur) Sunil Yadav.She lodged a complaint with the police and underwent medical tests but no evidence of gangrape has been established yet, Yadav said.Another confirmatory test would be carried out at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital again, he said.The husband of the woman has been held for questioning. The woman was her second wife, the police said.Nobody has been arrested yet, Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16329386", "title": "Documentary film on Jhargaon model set for release", "text": "GUMLA: A documentary film on the success of Jhargaon model will soon be ready for screening as a major part of the shooting is completed. Unicef, which has sponsored the project, will screen the film abroad besides its broad presentation for advocacy and training in the state. \"The objective, behind going for a documentary on Jhargaon is to replicate the model where Unicef programmes are going on in the country,\" Jharkhand Unicef chief Job Zakaria said.A troop from Pranab Motion Picture recently reached the village to shoot the changes that have taken place in the village, such as lifestyle and attitude of the residents towards development besides shooting the village school and its management committee along with gram sansad and its members.Former Gumla DC Rahul Sharma had initiated the idea of model convergence initiative at the village by clubbing different government departments, banks and communities for the overall development of the tribal village which is now led by a panel consisting mostly of village women. The district administration has taken up the concept for many more villages.\"Besides Sharma, views of Zakaria, present Gumla DC Shubhendra Jha, DPO J J Tirkey, Unicef official Subir Das and leaders of the village will figure in the up coming promotional movie,\" said producer-director Pranab Shahi.Remarkable improvements in child education, prohibition of use of alcohol and an urge for a better standard of living were observed by visiting movie makers. \"What struck me most is that the village women have clear thought and expression about various issues including social ones,\" Shahi said.Others find this first-of-its-kind project a stepping stone of success for the village model. \"It will be the first documentary on a village development model in the state since Jhargaon is the first such village where an integrated approach of development has been going on,\" Soumen Ray, a Unicef officer who was with the crew in Gumla, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16336054", "title": "Lahore may choose to emulate Ahmedabad BRTS over Istanbul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The very first BRTS corridor, 32 km in length in Lahore may bear Ahmedabad's footprint. This Rs 22 million project in Pakistan is supposed to set a benchmark for the mass transit network in Pakistan.CEO of the urban unit of Lahore Nasir Javed, , who was in Ahmedabad to take part in the Asia BRTS conference, a few days ago claimed that his department had been studying 10 different BRT systems across the world and that initially the officers found Istanbul city BRTS model in Turkey as a suitable option. The first plan rendered by the Lahore BRTS is based on the Istanbul model. The construction on the corridor had begun in February this year.But after going through the Cept university's, Ahmedabad BRT model, Javed now prefers to implement the Ahmedabad BRTS in Lahore. Guruprasad Mohapatra , municipal commissioner of Ahmedabad told TOI a few days ago that for the past few months urban transport experts from Karachi and Lahore had been interacting with his team over e-mail.\"The Ahmedabad BRTS is a product of interaction between an institution and a civic authority. The transport system was conceptualized after taking many stakeholders into confidence.\"Javed said that planners from Lahore will be consulting the Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University which had designed the Ahmedabad BRTS. By the end of this year Ahmedabad BRTS will operationalise a total of 85 km corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16330382", "title": "With \u2018born in Hawaii\u2019 joke, Obama takes a dig at critics", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama on Sunday took a dig at those questioning that he was born in Hawaii. While campaigning in Florida, Obama made an unscheduled stop at a bar in Orlando \u2014 Gator Dockside where he met a boy born in Hawaii \u2014 where the president was born. He asked the boy if he had a birth certificate no sooner his mother told Obama that he was born in Hawaii. \"You were born in Hawaii? You have a birth certificate?\" Obama asked as the table he was sitting on burst out laughing. By saying so, Obama was referring to the questions being asked by his opponents who are seeking his birth certificate, and all those who doubt that he was born in Hawaii. In an attempt to respond to conspiracy theorists, Obama released his long-form birth certificate in the spring of 2011, which showed that he was born in a Hawaii hospital on August 4, 1961. Only those born in the US are eligible to be the president of the United States.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328394", "title": "State govt official alleges Rs 35,000cr irrigation scam", "text": "MUMBAI: In an explosive revelation, a whistle-blower in the state government has said a staggering Rs 35,000 crore was siphoned off and wasted on dud irrigation projects in the past decade. The Maharashtra government has spent Rs 70,000 crore on such projects across the state during this period.Vijay Pandhare, chief engineer (water resources department) and member of the state-level technical advisory committee who wrote a stinging 15-page note to the state government four months ago, blamed the politician-officer-contractor nexus for the mess.\"An investigation into the functioning of all the state irrigation corporations would easily reveal irregularities worth Rs 20,000 crore in the past 15 years. Irregularities in lift irrigation schemes would prove that Rs 15,000 crore was totally wasted,'' said his letter, a copy of which was procured by this newspaper. \"Officials and politicians are aware of the fact. But in order to float major tenders and get a big cut from them, huge cost estimates for these projects were prepared,'' he added.His letter of May 5, 2012 was addressed to water resources department secretary Eknath Patil and marked to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and state governor K Sankaranarayanan.The CM's office did not respond for a comment on the letter. Pandhare told TOI that no one in the government had reverted to him after his letter. In fact, sources said some senior state politicians tried to get him suspended after his note reached them. However, they could not succeed because of opposition from department officials.Pandhare's letter confirms a series of exposes by this newspaper on large-scale corruption and nepotism in irrigation projects in Maharashtra. In fact, it claimed that the misappropriation started during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule when the saffron alliance established the Krishna Valley Development Corporation. \"There have been thousands of lift irrigation schemes in Maharashtra but 99% are non-functional. In fact, water has never passed through 90% of the schemes,'' said the note, adding that they were formulated to fill the pockets of politicians and contractors.Pandhare further revealed that IDCOM, a corporation formed by the irrigation department, undertook 227 medium projects for lift irrigation schemes. \"They could not be completed. No one benefited from these schemes and public money was wasted. Who is responsible for this?''The letter said 3,000 such lift irrigation schemes were completed, but not even 1% of them are functional. \"Despite knowing the history, estimates and tenders worth Rs 1,000 crore to Rs 4,000 crore are formulated,'' it said.Pandhare stated that the annual budget of the state irrigation department is around Rs 7,000 crore. \"Yet, how is it that the state has incurred a liability of nearly Rs one lakh crore to execute the balance ongoing projects? A prudent government would never take such a decision. We need to introspect on it,'' he said.The chief engineer gave the example of the Nardave project in Konkan, the cost of which was revised from Rs 200 crore to Rs 650 crore after the dam height was increased without proper sanction. \"The rate estimate of this project is fit case for detailed investigation. The contractor was provided an exorbitant rate,'' said his note.\"Likewise, crores of rupees were paid as false claims towards machinery idle charges and sanctioned every year by the executive director. He had no such power. Yet he sanctioned it along with the minister in a hurry, without the permission of the government,'' it said. The same modus operandi was used in Kondhane, Balganga and Hetwane projects in Konkan. \"Officers who attempt to vet or investigate are transferred,'' said Pandhare in his note.In the Konkan region, minor irrigation projects are approved and immediately a proposal to increase the height of the dam is mooted and sanctioned at the level of corporation. \"Rates are increased under political pressure, tenders are floated and managed. This has been going on in Konkan for the last 20 years,'' he claimed.Pandhare suggested that 30-40 proposed projects in Konkan be stopped because the water utilization in this region is not even 10%. \"All tenders of projects which have incurred less than 20% of the estimated expenditure must be thoroughly investigated, and if required, cancelled in public interest,'' it added.The chief engineer also gave the example of the Manjarpada-1 project. The cost is Rs 500 crore to create water storage of 500 mcft. The officer said only Rs 15-16 lakh was required per mcft. \"Irrigation department's investigation wing, which actually prepares the estimates, is literally non-existent. Hence, regional officers of the corporation themselves make the estimates without check. In reality, contractors themselves make the estimates,'' it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16329325", "title": "Truck with Sal timber seized in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A group of alert villagers helped police seize a truck laden with illegally felled Sal timber at Besharan forest near Harshad village in Hazaribag district late on Saturday night. The truck was seized while it was trying to smuggle out the Sal timber from the forest. A case has been lodged against truck owner and unknown persons.DFO R Thanga Pandiayan said the villagers noticed a truck was loaded with 740 Sal timber worth over Rs 4 lakh. He said the truck was seized when it was about to proceed to Bihar for supplying the sal timber to builders for building construction work. \"The truck was stuck in the mud caused due to heavy rain in the area when it was surrounded by the villagers who stopped the driver from driving away the vehicle,\" the DFO said.Police took the truck into custody and brought it to the local police station from where the vehicle was sent to the Hazaribag forest circle headquarters campus.The DFO said the villagers reported seeing three other trucks in the forest but all of them managed to flee taking the advantage of heavy rain and darkness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16335083", "title": "Why we lie", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a new study, researchers have investigated what factors influence dishonest behaviour.Previous research has shown that a person's first instinct is to serve his or her own self-interest and that people are more likely to lie when they can justify such lies to themselves.With these findings in mind, psychological scientists Shaul Shalvi of the University of Amsterdam and Ori Eldar and Yoella Bereby-Meyer of Ben-Gurion University colleagues hypothesized that, when under time pressure, having to make a decision that could yield financial reward would make people more likely to lie.They also hypothesized that, when people are not under time pressure, they are unlikely to lie if there is no opportunity to rationalize their behaviour.\"According to our theory, people first act upon their self-serving instincts, and only with time do they consider what socially acceptable behaviour is,\" Shalvi said.\"When people act quickly, they may attempt to do all they can to secure a profit-including bending ethical rules and lying. Having more time to deliberate leads people to restrict the amount of lying and refrain from cheating,\" Shalvi said.For the study, the researchers first tested participants' tendency to lie when doing so could be easily justified - approximately 70 adult participants rolled a die three times such that the result was hidden from the experimenter's view.The participants were told to report the first roll, and they earned more money for a higher reported roll.Seeing the outcomes of the second and third rolls provided the participants with the opportunity to justify reporting the highest number that they rolled, even if it was not the first - after all, they had rolled that number, just not the first time they rolled the die.Some of the participants were under time pressure, and were instructed to report their answer within 20 seconds. The others were not under time pressure, and had an unlimited amount of time to provide a response.The experimenters were not able to see the actual die rolls of the participants, to ensure all rolls were private. Instead, in order to determine whether or not the participants had lied about the numbers they rolled, Shalvi and colleagues compared their responses to those that would be expected from fair rolls.They found that both groups of participants lied, but those who were given less time to report their numbers were more likely to lie than those who weren't under a time constraint.The second experiment followed a similar procedure, except that the participants were not given information that could help them justify their lies - instead of rolling their die three times, they only rolled it once and then reported the outcome.In this experiment, the researchers found that participants who were under time pressure lied, while those without a time constraint did not.Together, the two experiments suggest that, in general, people are more likely to lie when time is short. When time isn't a concern, people may only lie when they have justifications for doing so.\"One implication of the current findings is that to increase the likelihood of honest behaviour in business or personal settings, it is important not push a person into a corner but rather to give him or her time,\" Shalvi said.\"People usually know it is wrong to lie, they just need time to do the right thing,\" Shalvi added.The study has been published in Psychological Science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16330412", "title": "Cadres bid to enter Kerala foiled", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension gripped Anaikatti on the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border, when 800 cadres from various political parties attempted to march into Kerala condemning the Attapadi River Valley Irrigation project in Palakkad district, on Sunday. The protesters raised slogans against the Kerala government and demanded the government withdraw the project.Cadres from parties including DMK, MDMK, CPI, Viduthala Chiruthaigal Katchi, Pattali Makkal Katchi and Thanthai Periyar Dravidar Kazhgam, took part in the protest. But CPM, AIADMK and Congress kept away.The protesters gathered at Anaikatti around at 9am and started marching towards Agali with their party flags around 11am. They condemned the Union government for not advising the Kerala government in dam row. Over 400 policemen were deployed at Anaikatti. The protesters tried to break the police cordon but in vain.While addressing the protesters, former DMK minister and district secretary Pongalur N Palanisamy said the public and party cadres were ready to sacrifice their lives to stop the construction of the new dam. If the Kerala government constructs the dam, then three districts, Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode will face extreme water shortage.Erode MP and MDMK leader A Ganeshamurthi said if the Kerala government constructs a new dam, then the Bhavani River will become dry and over three lakh acres of agricultural land will be affected in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode districts.The protesters had sought permission from Kerala police to conduct a fast at Agali. But police refused and thus they decided to march into the neighbouring state. Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam general secretary K Ramakrishnan said agriculture will be affected in western Tamil Nadu if the Kerala government goes ahead with the dam project. Lakhs of farmers in the west zone will be affected.Bus services between the border areas were affected till afternoon. The parties have decided to intensify their protest in the coming days. They were released after 6pm on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330023", "title": "\u2018Letter to God\u2019 brings to fore what they can\u2019t say", "text": "NAGPUR: \"As they cannot speak, they have poured their heart out in the form of written words,\" said Sanjay Gawai, special teacher of Niwasi Mook Badhir Vidyalaya (NMBV), Hudkeshwar, whose student won the first prize in Letter to God competition recently.Around 22,000 students from 41 schools took part in this event organized by Junior Jc wing of JCI Orange City. \"This was our attempt to give wings to the beautiful ideas of children, about how they wanted the world around them to be. These letters were a window to their world, and while some brought smiles on our faces, some made our eyes moist,\" said Rutuja Motghare, chairperson, Junior Jc wing.In the last leg of the competition, which was held on Sunday, 360 students penned down their wishes, hopes and fears in a letter to the almighty. While some students complained to god about corruption and the failings of today's world, asking for an ideal place to live, a group of students wanted nothing more than a normal life.\"I asked God why he made me this way. Why this injustice because of which we cannot lead a normal life?\" said Akash Hazare, a standard VII student of NMBV, who cannot speak or hear, interacting through an interpreter. He also won the first prize in special category. His school mate, Harshada Bhujade, a standard V student, added, \"I have asked for knowledge, as God has not blessed me with the power to speak and hear.\"These essays also showed the vision the children had. The first prize winner of group II, Chaitanyaa Agrawal of BVM envisaged a world 200 years later, where everything was very advanced but nothing seemed real. \"I asked God that we never see such a situation, and asked for help to go back to nature,\" she said.Group I winner Kasha Singh of Lalita Public School expressed gratitude for the world she has, while also asking for strength to fight various ills like female foeticide.\"Letter to God was our way of trying to gauge the expectation of this generation, and it is very exhilarating to know what they are aspiring for. In their letters, they have not only talked about their own selves, but are also wishing for betterment of the whole world,\" said Anand Taori, president, JCI Orange City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330254", "title": "St Agnes College gets govt grants", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of biotechnology, ministry of science and technology, government of India has selected the city-based St Agnes College for financial assistance under the Star College Scheme (SCS). The scheme is aimed at improving teaching and learning skills through various experiments at undergraduate level in life sciences among teaching faculties and students.Under the scheme, the government has identified 68 colleges, which are providing good academic facilities and infrastructure, and unique exposure for students to experimental sciences.St Agnes College's five departments like chemistry, physics, zoology, and microbiology have been selected for the programme. These five departments will jointly conduct programmes to improve the quality of teaching. St Agnes College vice-principal Sr Supriya MC told STOI that to get the benefits of SCS, the college had sent the proposal during the first quarter of the year. For this academic year, the government has released Rs 20 lakh under SCS. These funds will be utilized to install new equipment , she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328925", "title": "New complaint filed against Ponzi firm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of victims who had invested in two subsidiaries of Ponzi firm, Shams Investment, have filed a collective complaint of being cheated of Rs 1.27 crore with Navrangpura police station on Saturday. Investigators said that it was the fifth complaint against the firm, including the one being probed by CID (crime).Police said that Mohammad Rais Mansuri, a resident of Lal Darwaja, has filed a complaint against Abdul Mubin Shaikh, a resident of Jamalpur Chakla; Imran Qazi Painter, a resident of Modasa; Feroz Ali Najmushani, a resident of Juhapura; and Shakun Patel, a resident of Nadiad, for cheating him and his friends and relatives for Rs 1.27 crore between October 2010 and August 2012.\"The first three accused are partners and proprietors of Shams Investment and its two subsidiaries - Akshar Colour Limited and Green Nest Infratech Ltd, with offices at Om Complex near Swastik Crossroads. As per Mansuri's complaint, he came to know about the financial schemes launched by Shams in October 2010, and went to inquire when the promoters including Shaikh showed him brochures of Green Nest, the company's real estate arm,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Mansuri and five others were promised 10 per cent returns every month on the principal amount. They were also promised that could win a flat in the real estate project of the company if they took part in the monthly lucky draw. Mansuri invested Rs 27.32 lakh whereas Ayub Shaikh (Rs 15 lakh), Hamida Bibi (Rs 8 lakh), Mohammed Farid Mansuri (Rs 10 lakh), Vimal Shah (Rs 13 lakh) and others also put in their savings. After getting the monthly amount for three months, the payment stopped.\"The investors waited for the money to come and also approached the company officials. At that time, they were told that the financial market was going through the slump and they would have to be a bit patient. Some of the investors were even taken to a scheme in Gota and were told that they would be given property in lieu of money and thus they need not worry. However, when the promise was not fulfilled even after a year, they decided to file a complaint,\" said P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16336026", "title": "Ritu Rani to lead Indian women's team in Champions Challenge 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ritu Rani will lead the Indian senior women's hockey team in the Electric Ireland Champions Challenge 1 from September 29 to October 7 in Dublin.This will be Indian eves' maiden assignment under chief coach Neil Hawgood and Rani said that her team is eager to compete against the sides, which had taken part in the recent Olympic Games.\"We have worked very hard during the camp in Bhopal under the supervision of coach Hawgood and Exercise Physiologist Dr Ben Dascombe. We are confident we will compete hard and do our best against quality oppositions,\" said the captain.Defender Kirandeep Kaur has been named the vice-captain of the side.Hawgood, who took over the reins as Indian senior women's team's coach recently, said he was looking forward to the upcoming tournament.\"I have shared my vision of enhancing an already attractive style of hockey that will balance out the attacking ability -- and that is naturally within this group -- and to have a defensive side of the game that is as well respected as our attacking side,\" Hawgood said.Hockey India secretary general, Narinder Batra said he was confident of the Indian eves being competitive.\"Our Junior women's team recently won Junior Women's Asia Cup silver for the first time and the selectors have included as many as seven players from that team in this squad.\"We are sure the team will be very competitive.\"Besides India, Australia, Belgium, Scotland, South Africa, Spain, United States of America and host Ireland will will competing in the event.Australia, which finished fifth in the Olympics in London last month and is ranked seventh, tops the rankings among the eight teams.South Africa, Belgium and the USA finished 10th, 11th and 12th in the Olympics. India are ranked World No. 12 and are ahead of Spain (13), Belgium (14), Ireland (15) and Scotland (19).The winner of the event will join Argentina, England, Netherlands, Germany and Japan in the Women's Hockey Champions Trophy 2014 to be played in Argentina.Two other contenders will be assigned invitational places at a later date by the FIH Executive Board.Indian team:Goalkeepers: Yogita Bali, Savita.Defenders: Jaspreet Kaur, Sushila Chanu, Kirandeep Kaur (vice-captain), Deep Grace Ekka, Deepika, Joydeep Kaur.Midfielders: Ritu Rani (captain), Vandana Katariya, Monika Malik, Chanchan Devi, Poonam Rani, MN Ponnamma.Forwards: Roselin Dung Dung, Soundarya Yendala, Lily Chanu, Anupa Barla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16328968", "title": "Shah commission report shows over 150 instances of violations", "text": "PANAJI: The Shah commission report comes out as a detailed dossier of various types of violations of mining laws and stipulated conditions in over 150 instances pertaining to mining leases in the state and several firms have been listed repeatedly for more than one violation.While compiling the violations, the Shah commission stated that around 42 leases were illegally and arbitrarily treated as deemed mining leases by condoning the delay in applying for renewal of leases. The lease holders had applied well beyond the deadline specified for renewal.\"Condonation of violations of 26 mines were carried out during the tenure of then chief minister and eight mines were condoned by minister for mines and eight are not known,\" the report states.The Shah commission has identified 69 leases of illegal extraction of iron ore in violation of conditions laid down in environmental clearances (EC). Some of the mines which have violated the EC are Dempo Mining Corporation at Bicholim, VS Dempo and Company's expansion of Culnovoil Sodo, Prafulla Hede at Godacoveda Jawalachem, Sesa Goa at Pissurlem, VM Salgaocar and brothers at Sancordem, Shantilal Kushaldas and brothers at Chunimolo, Chowgule and company at Onda, Sociedade Timblo irmaos at Cudnem, Damodar Mangalji at Conquirem and Cosme Costa and sons at Sonshi.The report stated that till December 2010, 124 mines were working but at present, 90 mines are being operated. All iron ore mines operating as on December 2011 and before were without approval of the standing committee of the national board for wildlife (NBWL), and in violation of orders passed by the Supreme Court and some specific conditions stipulated by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).The commission noted that 33 mines were operating within one km from the boundary of the nearest national park, sanctuary or protected areas without approval of NBWL in violation of laws. Where approval of competent authority under the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972 is stipulated, 61 EC approvals required to be referred to the NBWL standing committee and this was not done. Shah noted that the mines are running in violation of stipulated MoEF conditions.It also noted that the chief wildlife warden approved 47 mining leases, but couldn't do so in 17 cases, where he was not authorized. These approvals too are illegal and the commission recommended that mining activity be stopped till proper approvals are obtained, while calling for action against the officials, secretaries and minister involved.In another type of violation, 62 mining leases had their first renewal accorded for 10 years but kept operating under deemed extensions. The renewal itself was in violation of the then existing rule 24A (A) &amp; (5) of MCR, 1960, the commission stated in its report.The commission also identified 16 mines which are presently running without going through any process of first renewal applications (Form 'J') in violation of the then rule 24A (2), (4), (5) &amp; (6) of MCR, 1960 and section 8 of the MM(DR) Act, 1957.These mines include, Sheikh Mohmad Issac, Haider Kassim Khan, Shantilal Khushaldas and bros, Xec Abdul Gofur Xec A Aziz, Mineira Nacional, Amalia Rodrigues G Figueiredo, Shantilal Khushaldas and bros, Voikunta Kadnekar, Soc Timblo irmaos (TPL), VM Salgaocar (Sallitho ores), Sova, Marzook and Cadar, Chowgule and co, Zarapkar and Parkar and Cipriano D'Souza.A total of 10 mining leases were renewed in violation of the then rule 24 A (2) of MCR, 1960 and section 8 (2) of the MM (DR) Act, 1957. These mines belong to PR Hede, Chandrakant F Naik, Baddrudin Hussainbhai Mavani, PD Kudchadkar, Atchuta VS Velingkar, PD Kudchadkar, Soc Timblo irmaos (PTI), VM Salgaocar and bro and Chowgule and Co.The commission's report on illegal mining in Goa, recently tabled in Parliament has raised much heat and dust as an estimated worth of Rs 35,000 crore of natural resources have been plundered during the last few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329197", "title": "Catholic Church likely to take up migrants\u2019 issue as policy matter", "text": "KOCHI: With inter-state migration witnessing an upward trend over the years, the Catholic Church in the country may adopt it as a policy matter of the church to help migrants.Labour bodies attached to the church in 12 states \u2014 including Kerala, Tamil Nadu , Karnataka, UP and Workers India Federation \u2014 will meet in Bangalore next month to chalk out a final decision.The meeting will discuss the draft plan, prepared by the five-member core committee of the Catholic Bishop's Conference of India (CBCI). The paper states that the focus would be on wages, working conditions, improving the collective strength of migrants and preventing exploitation.The draft states that absence of young males in the rural and hilly districts of northern and north-eastern states has led to problems such as human trafficking.If the Catholic Church adopts it as a policy matter, churches in each area can take up migrant issues as priority item. \"It is not possible to help migrant workers without a proper system, in case they need any assistance. Issues of migrant workers should be addressed in a humane way,\" said Fr Jaison Vadassery, a core committee member.Though the issue was being considered by the church for quite some time, it has assumed significance following the exodus of migrants from south India to their home states in the recent past.Fr. Vadassery said: \"A few churches in Assam have individually taken up their cause, but that is not enough. If the Catholic Church adopts this issue as a policy matter, they we can address it collectively.\"However, the plan must be ratified by CBCI, a permanent body of Catholic bishops, in order to adopt interstate migration as a policy matter. \"It would be one of the prime agendas at the next meeting of CBCI, which meets twice a year,\" said Fr Vadassery.Labour bodies attached to the church in 12 states, including Kerala, will meet in Bangalore in September to make a final decision on the matter. The issue was being considered for some time, but assumed significance following the exodus of migrants from south India to their home states in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16328563", "title": "Medical varsity awaits govt nod for 300 posts", "text": "BHOPAL: First medical university of the state - Madhya Pradesh Medical University (MPMU)-slated to begin next year-- still awaits the state government sanction for some 300 posts. Even though MPMU has found support from the Non-Resident Indian (NRI) doctors, closer to home it still awaits a similar response from the state government. The issue is likely to come up at the co-ordination committee meeting of vice-chancellors, to be headed by the Chancellor, in Bhopal on Monday.\"If sanctioned posts are not filled in time, it would be difficult to start conducting MBBS examinations from next year,\" said MPMU vice-chancellor Dr D P Lokvani. Based out of Jabalpur, the state government had set up the medical university in 2011.With just two functionaries, the MPMU functions with vice-chancellor and registrar from a government building in Jabalpur. \"We are in the process of acquiring land for the MPMU campus,\" he added. The MPMU has been allotted about 51 acre in Jabalpur.Once the MPMU starts functioning from 2013, it is expected to conduct examinations for six government-run medical colleges, six private medical colleges, 14 dental, about 149 nursing and 158 para medical colleges in Madhya Pradesh.Earlier in July, when medical education minister mahendra hardia visited Careli in the US, NRI doctors had agreed to provide continued medical education (CME) with MPMU-affiliated medical colleges, sharing of e-libraries, shelter and support for MPMU students and teachers' training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330255", "title": "Slain Naxalite is Yellappa of Raichur", "text": "MANGALORE: The slain Naxalite, who was killed in a gun battle with ANF in Cheru forest area under Kadaba police station limits on Tuesday, has finally been identified as Yellappa alias Dinakar hailing from Mandalagere village in Raichur taluk of Raichur district.Tayappa, brother of the deceased, identified the body at the mortuary of the district government Wenlock Hospital here on Sunday ending nearly three days of speculation about his identity.Pratap Reddy, inspector general of police (Western Range) told reporters that the breakthrough was obtained in the form of Yellappa's involvement in murder case (crime number 31/2003) registered in Sadar Bazar police station on March 4, 2003 and his subsequent acquittal on January 5, 2005. Fingerprints of Yellappa obtained in the earlier case were crosschecked with the fingerprints obtained during the autopsy and it matched, he said.Tayappa, who arrived here from Mandalagere accompanied by his co-brother, told reporters that when the family saw him last, he was PUC student. \"We are not aware of his involvement in the murder,\" he said adding that the family, however, came to know of his acquittal in 2005.\"We have not had any contact with him since 2001 and had no idea of him having joined the Naxal ranks or the role that he played in that organization,\" he noted.Yellappa was one among nine siblings fathered by Gadiappa from his two marriages. \"Mariappa, one of my brothers from the second marriage, of my father died almost 10 years ago,\" Tayappa said adding he has had the mortification of seeing Yellappa in this manner after family lost contacts with him.He replied in the negative when queried if family had registered any missing person complaint at Yapaladinni PS in Raichur district.Yellappa could have come in contact with Ramesh, one of the accused nabbed after the first ever police-Naxalite encounter in Eedu in Udupi and subsequently lodged in Bellary jail. \"The indoctrination of Yellappa could have happened there,\" police said.His body was buried at Nandigudda crematorium here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16333397", "title": "Owners of photocopying store arrested for selling duplicate textbooks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Be careful before you get a textbook or a coursebook photocopied at a a photocopying center. In Rajkot city the police arrested two owners of a photocopying shop for selling photocopies of coursebooks printed by Techmax publications. The Mumbai based company brought out coursebooks for degree engineering students and is quite popular among engineering students. However, a photocopied version of the textbook costs just Rs 40 while the original book costs anywhere between Rs 250 to Rs 300 depending on the semester.The owners of the photocopying shop on Kalvad road in Rajkot was raided by the police and equipments worth Rs 2.83 lakh was seized from the shop. The police arrested Hemang Gorasiya and Dilip Machchar under Copyrights Act. The complainant Pradeep Lunawat had received complaints of a certain shop 'Patel photocopiers' selling Techmax books for Rs 40. It was then that the company officials conducted an inquiry and then lodged a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328511", "title": "Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority plans rehab for slumdwellers on its land to create hsg", "text": "MUMBAI: Aiming to tide over the shortage of land to build affordable houses, the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) has decided to undertake Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) schemes on its own land instead of handing it over to developers as is the ongoing practice.Mhada's decision comes at a time when the authority has only about five acres of land available in the city. The decision will see over 1,470 acres of land encroached upon by 65 slum societies becoming available for affordable housing. However, the decision is yet to be ratified by the seven-member Mhada Authority headed by the chief minister. Notwithstanding the government nod, Mhada has proposed to redevelop slums spread over 20 acres in Bandra, Malad, Malwani, Kurla, Ghatkopar and Kandivli.The FSI for slum scheme ranges between 2.5 and 4. A 2010 report by Anand Rathi Associates said the total land available for such slum projects in Mumbai is 8,600 acres, against 4,500 acres potential of Mhada colonies and 200 acres available under mill and factory lands. This explains why developers look at slums as potential goldmines. Said Satish Gavai, Mhada's vice-president, \"This is the best option for Mhada to create housing stock in the city. We can't buy land as it is very expensive. We will appoint contractors to build 269 sq ft homes for the eligible slumdwellers. Since the government is directly involved, there is no question of 70% consent of slumdwellers or giving the free sale component post rehabilitation to anyone else.''However, some urban planners are skeptical of Mhada's move. They said Mhada had taken a similar policy decision (to redevelop slums on its land) in 2007, but the then CM Vilasrao Deshmukh shot down the proposal as Mhada Act allows only houses to be constructed on vacant land and further not undertake slum schemes as there is a separate Slum Rehabilitation Authority for the purpose.\"Mhada, which is redeveloping Sector 5 of Dharavi, is yet to appoint a project consultant or construct transit camps. It is yet to identify eligible slumdwellers. If this is the progress of the only slum scheme a year after it got exclusive mandate from the state government, how will Mhada manage other slum schemes?'' questioned a Congress legislator.Niranjan K Sudhanshu, chief officer of Mhada's Mumbai board, said, \"It would be wrong to compare slum schemes on Mhada land with Dharavi where over 5,000 slumdwellers have to be rehabilitated compared to 100-200 slumdwellers who have encroached upon Mhada land. Also, why shouldn't we use the incentive FSI to construct affordable housing than give it to builders? From the free sale, we can construct 2 lakh homes.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16334481", "title": "Focus back on Yuvraj ahead of second T20 against New Zealand", "text": "CHENNAI: Two days after his much-awaited comeback match was washed out due to persistent rain, the focus is back on Yuvraj Singh as he looks to resume his innings in international cricket with the second Twenty20 game between India and New Zealand on Tuesday.The first T20 in Visakhapatnam was called off without a ball being bowled, leaving the thousands who had thronged the stadium to watch Yuvraj's much-anticipated return from a successful battle against a rare germ cell cancer, disappointed as rain had the final say.Yuvraj was diagnosed with the ailment between his lungs within months of winning the Man of the Tournament award in the 2011 World Cup.His career looked in jeopardy when the diagnosis was first revealed but the flamboyant all-rounder fought back after undergoing three cycles of chemotherapy in USA.After a satisfactory rehabilitation programme at the NCA, the 30-year-old left-hander will be donning the Team India jersey for the first time post-treatment, and he will surely look to make a statement at the MA Chidambaram stadium.His last international appearance was the Kolkata Test against the West Indies in November last year, while it was more than a year ago when he last played a T20 (against South Africa on January 9, 2011).Besides Yuvraj, the match will also mark Harbhajan Singh's return to the squad after a long layoff. The off-spinner had gone out of favour after being blanked 0-4 in the disastrous England tour in July-August last year.However, with his immediate challenger Ravichandran Ashwin in great form, having taken wickets by the bagful in recent times, chances of Harbhajan being included in the playing XI does not look too bright.It will be interesting to see if the think-tank goes for an all-offspin attack.The brief two-match series assumes significance as it is being looked upon as the start of India's countdown for the World Twenty20 that will get underway in Sri Lanka on September 18.And with the first match being washed out, the Men in Blue will look to utilise Tuesday's encounter to the fullest, though inclement weather can play spoilsport again.The visitors may hold an edge statistically having won all their three T20 ties against India, but the hosts will still start as favourites after their 2-0 sweep in the Test series.While Yuvraj and Harbhajan's presence have added to their strengths, India's mainstay in batting in recent months has undoubtedly been Virat Kohli.The youngster from Delhi has been going through a purple patch of sorts, having scored runs in every format of the game and against almost every opposition.The hosts also have, in the ranks, Suresh Raina, who have always excelled in this format. Having played in Chennai in four out of the last five editions of the Indian Premier League, the Chennai Super Kings player knows the conditions like back of his hand.Add to it the explosive opening pair of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir , and the batting line-up looks formidable.Sehwag has not been in the best of form of late, but one can never take him lightly.Last but not the least is the calm influence of skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, one of the hardest hitters in world cricket.In the middle-order Rohit Sharma will have to prove his worth soon enough or the struggling batsman might end up losing his spot to the talented Manoj Tiwary, who has been waiting in the wings.As far as bowling is concerned, Ashwin will be the man to look out for as he flummoxed the Kiwis by picking up 18 wickets in the Test series. The local boy would be keen to continue the dream run in front of his home crowd.The resurgence of seamer Irfan Pathan in the last ODI series in Sri Lanka is another positive for India.Also returning to side, after being on the sidelines for more than three and a half years, will be pacer Laxmipathy Balaji.The unassuming bowler paved the way for his comeback with a tidy performance for IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders, and he will certainly look to make an impression if he gets a look-in alongside spearhead Zaheer Khan.On the other hand, New Zealand have been struggling for a while now, having lost three consecutive Test series (against South Africa, West Indies and India).The Black Caps will look to experienced campaigners such as Jacob Oram, Daniel Vettori and Kyle Mills -- the three have joined the side for the T20s -- for a turnaround in their fortunes ahead of the World T20.Captain Ross Taylor, who struck a counter-attacking century in the Test series, and big-hitting opener Brendon McCullum will have to shoulder the batting responsibility.The ones mentioned above have the experience of playing in these conditions thanks to their IPL stints.The visitors will also expect handy contributions from pacers Doug Bracewell, Tim Southee and James Franklin.Teams (from):India: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt.), Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Virat Kohli , Rohit Sharma, Yuvraj Singh, Suresh Raina, Irfan Pathan, Harbhajan Singh , Ravichandran Ashwin, Zaheer Khan , Laxmipathy Balaji, Ashok Dinda, Piyush Chawla and Manoj Tiwary.New Zealand: Ross Taylor (Capt.), Brendon McCullum, Martin Guptill, Kane Williamson, James Franklin, Rob Nicol, Jacob Oram, Doug Bracewell, Daniel Vettori, Tim Southee, Adam Milne, Nathan McCullum , Ronnie Hira, Kyle Mills and BJ Watling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16334628", "title": "Pakistan frees 48 Indian fishermen as goodwill gesture", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Monday freed 48 Indian fishermen from a jail in the southern port city of Karachi as a goodwill gesture and sent them to the Wagah land border crossing to be repatriated to India.The release followed President Asif Ali Zardari's announcement on Saturday that all Indian fishermen in Pakistani jails, including those who are yet to complete their prison terms, would be freed.Zardari made the announcement during external affairs minister S M Krishna's visit to Pakistan.About 50 more Indian prisoners are believed to be in Malir Jail of Karachi, from where the fishermen were freed this morning and sent to Lahore .They will cross over to India via the Wagah border on Tuesday.Eighteen-year-old Kishan Chand was among those released on Monday. He could not be released earlier because of illness.The Pakistan Fisherfolk Forum has called for the release of Pakistani fishermen currently in Indian jails as a reciprocal gesture.According to information provided by the government in Parliament last month, a total of 428 Pakistani nationals, including 85 fishermen, are currently in Indian jails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16329824", "title": "Violence-wary cops on toes for bandh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday fine-tuned security arrangements to ensure an incident-free statewide bandh called by the Congress on Monday. The shutdown would be observed in protest against the September 6 clash between police and Congress supporters on Mahatma Gandhi Marg, leaving scores of cops, party workers and media persons injured.While around 50 platoons of police force would be stationed in Bhubaneswar, nearly 20 platoons would stand guard in Cuttack. \"We have made heavy police bandobast to ensure that the bandh is peaceful. If possible we will bring more officers and forces from other districts,\" twin city police commissioner Sunil Roy said.Vital installations such as Raj Bhawan, Naveen Niwas, the assembly, secretariat, airport, railway station among others would be placed under tight security cordon. While a sense of paranoia has gripped the citizens in the wake of the brazen violence by Congress activists on September 6, the police commissioner said, \"People need not panic. We will provide security to both government and private offices if they feel any threat. Patrolling will be intensified.\"Police said it would request the excise department to close liquor outlets for 24 hours from Sunday evening. It followed a proposal by the local media fraternity, some of whom were assaulted by many inebriated people present in the Congress rally. The media persons on Sunday staged a demonstration near Congress Bhavan, demanding arrest of the assaulters. \"We will try to close the liquor shops and crack the whip on tipplers if they create nuisance in public,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.Youths in inebriated conditions, present in the Congress rally had invaded houses along Mahatma Gandhi Marg and manhandled some journalists. \"They were riding bikes recklessly and hollering at passers-by in filthy language. Police should stop it in future,\" said Kartik Samantaray, a resident of MGM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16332697", "title": "IRCTC plans another Mumbai-Dubai package tour", "text": "MUMBAI: With the overwhelming success of its maiden international tour package in Aug 2012 , Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has now offered \" Karizmatic Dubai\" package.An IRCTC official said, \"It is one of the most affordable all inclusive tour packages, covering the mesmerizing attractions of Dubai - the City of Dreams and the Shopping Capital of Middle East.\"The 3 nights / 4 days package sets off from Mumbai on September 27, 2012.On Day one of the tour, tourists will board the flight from Mumbai on the morning of September 27. Tourists will be accommodated in Economy class air travel and will reach Dubai the same morning. After transfer to hotel, afternoon has been left free for shopping before the tourists are picked up in the evening to visit Dhow Cruise.On Day 2, half day city tour covering the major tourist attractions, including Dubai Museum, Dubai Creek, Palm Jumeriah Beach, photo stop at Seven Star hotel Burj-al-Arab, world famous Atlantis Hotel and many more marvels has been arranged. On the same day, visit to the biggest The Dubai Mall, Burj Khalifa - the tallest building (2723 ft with 163 floors) in the world and Dubai Aquarium has been facilitated.On Day 3, a Desert Safari or Dune Bashing is also thrown in, amongst the other attractions, along with a barbeque dinner. The first half is left free for leisure and roaming around the traditional Dubai market on one's own, he added.On the fourth day, a visit to the Mall of Emirates, one of the biggest malls in Dubai, for the last stretch of shopping and Snow park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330803", "title": "After poll defeat, PUSU blames a unfaira varsity", "text": "times news networkCHANDIGARH: Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) have put up a brave face even after losing the PUCSC elections on September 7, claiming that it had done well in college elections in the city instead. The party leader alleged that the elections were not held in a fair manner by the varsity authorities. It alleged that a number of votes cast in favour of candidates from PUSU especially the vice-presidential candidate Smriti Brar were declared invalid. In her case, 677 votes have been declared invalid thereby making her lose just by 45 votes. Addressing a press conference, PUSU president Sukhjit Singh Brar said, \"The loss by 500+ votes is not bad considering the fact that PUSU single-handedly got the largest number of votes with all candidates contesting for all four post were from PUSU itself, whereby on the other hand the opposition with a Joint front of SOPU+HSA+SOI+SFI+INSO managed to defeat PUSU by only 500 votes.\" PUSU leaders also blamed the police.Implicated in false case: Ex-SOPU leader Ranjeet Singh alias Raju of Sector 39, who was booked for allegedly harassing a woman two months back, claimed he was implicated in a false case as he is a prime witness against some Punjab police personnel in a criminal case on Sunday. Raju, a former SOPU leader, has also been a proclaimed offender of Chandigarh Police. A woman resident of Sector 39 lodged a complaint against Raju for harassing her and complaint was investigated by a Punjab police official, who is on deputation in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330153", "title": "Arkacheri drownings trigger tension", "text": "NAGPUR: In a tragic incident, two youths met their watery grave in a cut out trench (COT) of Arkacheri minor irrigation project in Sonala village in Buldhana district on Sunday. The victims have been identified as Pravin Vishnu Tayde (23) and Ajay Rajendra Tayde (18).Despite villagers' demand to do so, Sangrampur police refused to book the contractor and VIDC officials for negligence. Ramdas Kothe, a farmer and president of Arkacheri Action Committee, demanded action against the contractor and VIDC officials for negligence.The villagers and relatives of the victims claimed that irrigation department ignored warnings and letters issued by the forest department to stop work and dug a 60-foot deep COT in which the victims slipped and were drowned.\"We have registered a case of accidental death,\" PI Pawar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330666", "title": "Add-on advantage", "text": "Delhi University's Kamla Nehru College (KNC) has introduced a series of add-on courses in the middle of its ongoing session, to give an added advantage to students apart from classroom learning.The new courses introduced in the college include art appreciation, environment and adolescent mental health. A number of students with varied interests in subjects like environment , art, etc, have enrolled for these courses. The sessions schedule has been planned in such a way that students do not have to miss their regular classes.According to Geetesh Nirban, assistant professor, department of philosophy , and spokesperson of the college , response to the courses has been good.\"These courses are interdisciplinary and can be opted by students from various streams and by students of few other colleges too. Since these are certificate courses, students have a great chance to update and enhance their skills and employability quotient,\" says Nirban.The course in art appreciation is an introductory certificate course, which engages in the exploration of the visual arts through art theory, media, art history and cultural contexts over approximately 20 lectures. The course explores the meaning, understanding and development of art primarily in the West, and engages with aspects of modern Indian art.Explaining the module of the course, she says, \"For the English literature student, who is the primary target audience of this course, it attempts to broaden the cultural ambit of their curricular texts dealing with the Egyptian, Hellenic , renaissance, romantic, modernist , and Bengal Renaissance period . The course aims to facilitate an understanding of art and how artists develop artwork within cultural and personal contexts. It encompasses examination of the concept of art \u2014 Egyptian, Greco-Roman art, European movements, etc.\"Meanwhile, the course in adolescent mental health, organised by the psychology department of the college aims at introducing the knowledge-base , skills and attitude that are necessary for enhancing mental health and emotional well-being in children and adolescents . According to Nirban , the course introduces students to understand the roles and responsibilities of various professionals in a comprehensive child and adolescent mental health (CAMH) services . \"The course is hands-on and the main tools of learning include presentations, case studies, roleplays , movie clips and interactions ,\" she says. Spread over 10 weeks, the course on environment is being conducted by the eco-club \u2014 'Green Beans Society' of the college under the aegis of department of environment, government of Delhi. It covers themes like ecosystem, wildlife, environment policies, standards, laws and technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16328650", "title": "Schoolgirl assault: Parents want action", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Three days after police registered a case of sexual assault of a Class I girl, hundreds of parents on Sunday protested outside the school and Indirapuram police station. They filed a complaint demanding that the principal be made a co-accused.Team Anna member Kumar Vishwas and BSP MLA Amarpal Sharma joined the protests.\"If the administration does not take action within 24 hours, I will take it up in Vidhan Sabha. There will be protests across the city,\" Sharma said. \"The Basic Shiksha Adhikari is investigating the case,\" said Ghaziabad district magistrate Arpana Upadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16329673", "title": "Two foreigners' tribunals to be shifted", "text": "JORHAT: The state government has decided to shift two foreigners' tribunals in Sivasagar and Golaghat with immediate effect to Nagaon and Goalpara. The government took this decision in order to ensure speedy disposal of the rising number of foreigners' cases in lower and central Assam districts.The government, by the same notification, also passed an order to attach the pending cases of Sivasagar and Golaghat tribunals with Jorhat district foreigners' tribunal from now onwards.\"The government has already issued a notification to withdraw Sivasagar and Golaghat district foreigners' tribunals and to shift them to Goalpara and Nagaon immediately. It has also passed an order to tag the pending cases of Sivasagar and Golaghat with Jorhat in the same notification and our administration has been directed to act accordingly,\" said upper Assam commissioner Syed Iftikar Hussain. He added that due to the rising number s of foreigners' cases in Goalpara and Nagaon the government has decided to set up two tribunals in each district so the cases could be disposed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "silam(gumla)", "code": "16329424", "title": "Gumla to appear on small screen soon", "text": "SILAM(GUMLA): Gumla is all set to figure in Yeh Hai India Meri Jaan - a serial which aims to showcase the life of common people in the hinterlands. A crew of 30 members reached the Naxalite hit district on Saturday to shoot. One of the project directors Saeed Mirza, who also directed Hindi movies, chose Silam where tribal women run a big poultry cooperation society. The crew is putting up at Hotel Bindesh.Similar to a scene out of the movies, actor Madhwi Singh got down from her car to talk to one of the main figures of the society Sarita Devi. \"The story on your cooperative along with your photograph published in TOI prompted me to come to your village,\" Madhwi said.In the one and half hours shoot Sarita was joined in by Sumati and other women. The scenes depicted the village life with a special focus on how the cooperative women scientifically manage their poultry farms and how their lives have changed.The story unfolds through the dialogues between Madhwi and the male lead Shekhar Tripathy. Mirza said, \"It is not a Sas Bahu serial. Neither is it similar to what Shahrukh Khan and Amitabh Bachchan do in Mumbai. It focuses completely on the Aam Admi who we rarely see or hear about on screen.\"Commissioned by Doordarshan, the 52-episode serial is being made by Open Circle Films and is likely to air on DD National in the last week of November, Mirza said. Other two directors of the serial are Virendra Saini and Sumit Khanna while Marisha Singh is the assistant director and Swati the story compositor.Mirza will also showcase the lives of miners in Dhanbad and common man's hardship in Dumka in his upcoming serials which will run parallel to this. Starting June 9, Mirza's team travelled through Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Ladakh, Himachal Pradesh , Uttarakhand , UP and Bihar to arrive at Gumla from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16328708", "title": "14 diagnosed with food poisoning", "text": "INDORE: Fourteen people including five minors fell ill after consuming food at a shop in Sarafa market here on late Saturday night. After complains of vomiting, all of them were taken to Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital(MYH) for primary treatment.According to the medical officer at the hospital, \" Kamal a resident of Jabran Colony along with his family was in Sarafa Market. After having dinner they were joined by his extended family which lives nearby the market.All 14 then consumed sweets at a shop. At around 1.30 am on the intervening night all of them started complaining of stomach-ache and vomiting. Seeing this people around escorted them to MYH.''\"14 people had come showing symptoms of food poisoning. Preliminary tests along with their statements reveal they had consumed spoiled food . However, now all of them including the 5 minors are stable,\" informed the medical officer attending the patients.Meanwhile, the police along with the food and drug administration vowed to take strict action against the shop owners, if evidence is found. Manish Swami, food safety officer said, \"Our team will visit the market and will collect samples of the food from the eateries. If we find any evidence against any of the shop owners, strict action will be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330740", "title": "Decision on privatization of gardens today", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC administration has sent the proposal to privatize the carrying out maintenance and repair of city gardens through privatization to the NMC's standing committee. The decision on the proposal is to be taken at the standing committee meeting on Monday.There are around 429 NMC gardens across the city and the NMC spends around Rs 6 crore for repair and maintenance on them each year.Of the 429 gardens, the NMC administration is planning to rope in private players to carry out maintenance and repair works of 406 gardensthrough privatization. The maintenance of some gardens are to be done by industrialists and builders. The Such proposal is to be tabled at the meeting of NMC's Standing Committee.The NMC's garden department will be the first such department of resorting to privatization on a large scale if the proposal is approved. Standing Committee approved the proposal of privatisation.Presently, out of 429 gardens, maintenance of 216 gardens is being carried out by the self-help groups, labour societies and contractors. The maintenance of the remaining gardens is carried out by NMC's garden department. As around 30 employees of the garden department have been transferred to the octroi department, work has been affected. Hence, the NMC administration has presented the proposal to carry out maintenance works through privatisation.The NMC will take care of 17 gardens across six divisions: Shivaji Garden, Nehru Garden, Pramod Mahajan Garden, City Garden and Ambedkar Garden, Krishnanagar Garden and Savarkar Garden, Vasant Kanetkar Garden, K C Thakre Garden, Anandwalli Garden, Shivneri Chowk Garden, Durga Garden, Somani Garden, Kalika Park and Ganesh Chowk Garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16328949", "title": "Kalamandalam gets ready for PM\u2019s visit", "text": "THRISSUR: Kerala Kalamandalam Deemed University for Art and Culture in Cheruthuruthy is getting ready to welcome Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who will visit the university on September 12.Dr Manmohan Singh, who will be the fourth prime minister to visit the university, will lay the foundation stone for South Indian Rangakala Museum.As part of his visit, a meeting was held to analyze the internal security arrangements here on Sunday. The meeting, attended by home secretary Sajan Peter and SPG I G Peeyush Pandey, continued for more than two hours. But the planned trial run could not be conducted due to incessant rains.P N Suresh vice-chancellor of Kalamandalam, said, \"We have arranged all the facilities for his visit. Performing arts, Kathakali, Mohiniyattam and Panchavadyam will be staged for 24 minutes. Totally, he will spend 45 minutes at Kalamandalam.\"Padmabhushan Madavoor Vasudevan Nair and Padmasree Kalamandalam Gopi will perform Geethopadesam Kathakali for 14 minutes. Eight dancers will perform Mohiniyattam for five minutes while 15 percussionists led by Annamanada Parameswara Marar and Cherpulassery Sivan will perform Panchavadyam for five minutes.Rangakala Museum will come up on 40,000 square feet land at a cost of Rs 8 crore. The museum is being constructed by Vasthuvidya Gurukulam under the cultural department in Aranmula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330631", "title": "Shararasa get thumbs up from brides-to-be", "text": "LUDHIANA: Brides-to-be in Punjab have moved from traditional suits and saris to an assortment of contemporary and vintage drapes for their special day. And a??shararasa?? top this list of outfits. In city to display their latest collection at an exhibition near Bhai Waala Chowk, designers say Ludhianvi women know what to wear to reflect their personality and they dona??t mind experimenting with their bridal wear to make a style statement.Harman Suneet Arora, a young designer who made his debut in the exhibition, said, \"Shararasa\" are back in trend, with Afghani and Peshawari styles being more popular in Ludhiana. We have sold around 10 \"shararasa\" and are targeting a sale of 15 by the end of this event.a?? Ishwin Dheer, a Delhi-based designer, said, a??Ludhiana has a good number of upscale women who do not mind spending a few extra bucks if they are getting a unique product. \"Shararas\" are unique to the wedding market in Punjab and we sold five of these on the first day itself. Available in georgette with heavy zardosi work, these are perfect for a bride looking for traditional Mughal-style outfit.a??Talking about the changing wedding vogue , Delhi-based designer Ishwin Dheer, who is showcasing his work at the exhibition, said, the colour palette is also gradually changing from just the reds and greens to vibrant pinks, yellows and oranges.Another fashion designer, Ashima Kumra from Model Town, said, \"The zardosi clinched with traditional stones customized in the cut work is the new look. I have tried to give the traditional \"sharara\" with heavy embroidery and patch-work dupattas to go beyond traditional wedding look. We sold more than 10 pure georgette and chiffon a??shararasa?? during the two-day exhibition.a?? Deepika Rawal of Model Town who is getting married in two months, said, \"Shararas\" are the in trend and I dona??t want to look offbeat during my wedding. I have told my designer to make a \"sharara\" in red georgette.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16329861", "title": "Mobile phone use still rampant among school students", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The ban on mobile phones in schools, which came into effect in the state on July 2008, seems to be not effective in the city.City police have found that 30% of students still use mobile phones in schools. The women's cell of police, during the routine awareness drive against mobile phone misuse and drug abuse conducted in city schools, found that the school authorities are still grappling with the challenge of enforcing the ban effectively.The women's cell has decided to convene a meeting of PTAs and school authorities soon to discuss the issue. CI of women cell, Kozhikode, Sherlet Mani said the police would give direction to school authorities to ensure that the students were not bringing mobile phones to schools.\"When boys misuse mobile phones watching porn videos and other offensive visuals, it also influences the girl students,\" she said. \"In a recent incident teachers of a city school seized a bundle of mobile phones from a secret area near the school office, following a tip-off,\" she said.Police will issue directives to parents and teachers to keep an eye on children and to conduct random checks of their school bags. \"Technology is often a double-edged sword and we want to make the students aware of the reason why they are restricted from using mobile phones,\" she said.The district coordinator of Childline, Kozhikode, Subeesh Theyyambattil said the cases regarding mobile phone misuse in city schools were increasing day by day as majority of teachers were not updated with the latest smartphone technologies that allow the students to keep offensive contents in their phones.The ban on mobile phones on schools had helped minimize the circulation of obscene pictures and videos in the beginning, but when the teachers and parents started to give more freedom in using internet and smartphones, the tendency to misuse the facilities has increased among students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334926", "title": "Amrita Prakash in Hum Ne Li Hai... Shapath", "text": "Amrita Prakash who played the role of Amrita Roa's younger sister in Bollywood film Vivah and has also acted in several TV shows and south films will soon enter Fireworks' 'Hum Ne Li Hai...Shapath' on Life OK.Sources inform that the upcoming episode of the show will unfold an interesting story of a human bomb. Amrita will play the role of a innocent girl Priya, who gets involved in some acts of terrorism for money. Priya will be used as a suicide bomber to blast a shopping mall.When contacted, Amrita said, \"Yes, I am doing the show. It's a very interesting character and I am very happy to be a part of 'Shapath' . I was tired doing same roles over and over again and that is the reason I consciously stayed away from TV for almost four years. But when this interesting role came my way, I immediately said yes since I wanted to play such different characters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16330533", "title": "Sohail among 14 Pakistan stars to sign up for Hockey India league", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fourteen Pakistan hockey players, including star penalty corner specialist Sohail Abbas , have signed up for the inaugural Hockey India League to be held from January 5 to February 3 next year.The 14 Pakistani players will be among the pool of about 80 overseas players for the HIL Players Auction to be held next month, Hockey India said in a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16329858", "title": "Central aid for Nila tourism corridor", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The multi-crore tourism corridor project being planned on the banks of Nila in Malappuram is expected to get a fillip with the Union ministry of tourism deciding to provide it financial support.The decision on this was taken at a recent meeting between the state tourism department and the central tourism ministry.The tourism corridor linking heritage sites, pilgrim centres and backwater tourism spots from Ponnani to Kuttippuram is to be executed under the state tourism department's Nila heritage tourism project.The department is planning at least 10 major multi-crore tourism projects on the banks of Nila focusing on the tourism initiatives in the Chamravattom regulator-cum-bridge (RCB) area.The 500-year-old Ponnani Juma Masjid, Thripprangodu Shiva Temple, Thirunavaya Navamukunda Temple and Alathiyoor Hanumankavu are the major tourist attractions on the corridor. The Nila Heritage Village will also come up on the banks of Bharatapuzha. The heritage village with museums, art centres, cultural houses, sports complexes and convention centres will be set up near RCB's reservoir area.Secretary of district tourism promotion council (DTPC) K Madhu said once the Union ministry sanctions the fund the project would take off. \"We have already completed majority of the procedures to start the work,\" he said.The development of backwater tourism centres like Biyyam Kayal and Canoli Canal, and Mini Pamba, a pilgrim tourism spot on the banks of Nila in Kuttippuram, will also get a boost once the tourism corridor materializes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329439", "title": "Administration mulls steps to better shrine amenities", "text": "RANCHI: Deoghar district administration, which looks after the management of Baidyanathdham temple, has planned a number of initiatives to improve the amenities for pilgrims visiting the world famous shrine.Every year, at least 20 lakh devotees, including around 10 lakh in one month from all over the world, visit the temple and face lots of difficulties in the absence of proper traffic management and small size of the sanctum sanctorum. The temple is one of the 12 Jyotirlingas and has a very significant place in Hindu religion.The temple management had invited expression of interest from experts who can suggest steps to improve the situation on the temple premises as many devotees even die because of suffocation every year. \"We make every arrangement to ensure smooth movement of devotees, especially during Shravana month, and yet there is some death because of suffocation. We want to put a check on this and also improve other facilities,\" said a source.Deputy commissioner-cum-secretary of the temple management board Rahul Purwar said they intended to bring overall facelift of the campus. \"We have invited express of interest from experts who can help the board develop a systematic route through over bridge, sanskar mandap till the exit point. The expert will also assist in designing the 'argha' system (where water is offered on the linga) in the sanctum sanctorum and remodelling of the mandap and dharamshala,\" said Purwar.The board also plans to improve airconditioning, fire fighting, water and electricity supply on the temple premises.\"The temple will also have hi-tech information technology and CCTV system to keep an eye on movement of the devotees during peak season. Television sets will be installed and the temple will also have a website with all relevant information for devotees,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329785", "title": "Efficient water management helps save city from floods", "text": "SURAT: An efficient programme of water management and flood prevention saved the city from being ravaged by floods this time.The city had witnessed a flood catastrophe in 2006. Hence, alarm bells had started ringing for the authorities when heavy rains lashed Tapi's catchment areas in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra on Wednesday. About 1140 million cubic metres or 1 crore cusecs of water was expected to flow into Ukai reservoir -enough to take the reservoir at the danger level of 341 feet.Municipal commissioner MK Das took upon himself the responsibility of managing the situation as district collector Jai Prakash Shivhare was appointed just two days ago and the post of executive engineer at Ukai reservoir was lying vacant for the last three months.Sources said the irrigation department officials wanted the reservoir to be filled till 340 feet to meet the annual water requirements for agriculture in the region. But, Das made it clear to Ukai authorities to maintain the rule level and release the excess water flowing into the reservoir in the downstream of Tapi to save the city from devastation by flood.In 2006, the reservoir was filled at its highest capacity below the danger level. Then the authorities had to suddenly release nearly 7 lakh cusecs of water into the river after sudden increase in its level on August 6, 2006.This time around, the authorities under the leadership of Das started the process of emptying and refilling of the dam by putting in place effective water management and flood prevention programme.\"We expected 1,140mcm water into the reservoir from Tapi's catchment areas, but the number swelled to 1,264mcm on Thursday afternoon. Following excess water into Ukai reservoir, we immediately decided to increase the discharge from 2.75 lakh cusecs to 3.35 lakh cusecs on Friday,\" Das said.\"We made it very clear to maintain the rule level at the reservoir and discharge the excess water in the river. Tapi flowed bank to bank and some of the residents in low-lying areas were affected. But the residents in a major part of the city were saved from floods,\" Das added.Executive in charge of Ukai reservoir PS Dave said, \"It is all about water management, reviewing rainfall data and coordination with the state government and other departments for flood prevention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329131", "title": "Sacked private firm manager opens fire on staff, on the run", "text": "CHENNAI: Enraged after being sacked from his post, a manager of an iron rod manufacturing unit at Sathangadu near Ennore opened fire within the factory premises on Friday. Employees who were present at the spot had a close shave as the bullets missed targets and hit walls.Police are looking for the manager, Nandhu, 38, from Rajasthan. Preliminary investigations revealed that Nandhu blamed some of his colleagues for his termination last week and wanted to take revenge.Senthil Kumar of Karaikudi bought the manufacturing unit from one Arun Inthogidas six months ago and made some changes in the organisation. Some employees were also sacked during the process. Nandhu, however, remained as manager of the firm till last week when he was terminated after the management found some irregularities in the sale of iron rod consignment.On Friday night, Nandhu came to the firm and picked up a quarrel with some employees, holding them responsible for his termination. As an argument ensued, he pulled out a pistol and opened fire at an employee. The employees did not file a police complaint. When the incident came to light on Sunday, police conducted an enquiry.A special team has been formed to nab the accused. When policemen went to the house in Sadayamkuppam, where he was staying, they found the door locked. Police are interrogating his friend Sathya of Sathyamoorthy Nagar.\"It could be an air gun as the marks left on the wallshow that it was not a powerful weapon. It looked like mark left by a pellet from a high-velocity air gun or a country made gun,\" deputy commissioner (Madhavaram) S Lakshmi told TOI. \"We could know about the gun only after its seizure.\" Police have registered a case under Section 307 (attempet to murder) of the IPC and Section 27 of the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16331527", "title": "Season\u2019s first swine flu death in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Swine flu claimed the life of a man in Orange City on Saturday. This is the first death caused by the infection this season in the city and the second in the region. In all, five patients have tested positive for the disease since April.The 25-year-old man, who lost his life due to H1N1 at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), was from Butibori.He was admitted to GMCH on August 30. On August 5, Deepak Tiwari from Gondia had lost his life in the city due to swine flu. \"Since April this year, we have sent 39 samples to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) at Pune. Five of them have tested positive.But this should not cause fear or panic as these are episodic cases of the disease and not an epidemic,\" said Dr Arun Humne, superintendent and head of preventive and social medicine department of GMCH.Along with the government hospitals, GMCH, Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital, five private hospitals including Hope Hospital, RG Chandak Critical Care Hospital, Wockhardt Hospital, KRIMS hospital and Orange City Hospital and Research Institute are authorized to treat swine flu patients. Screening can be done at Nagpur Municipal Corporation's hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329208", "title": "Pirated DVDs worth Rs 32 lakh seized", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Saturday arrested a man and seized pirated DVDs and MP3s worth Rs 32.80 lakh from his possession.The police have identified the suspect as Dilip Dhiraj Pardeshi (42) of Ambegaon Khurd. The anti organised crime cell of the crime branch led by Balkrishna Kutwal made the arrest.Kutwal said he had received a tip-off that one person was selling pirated DVDs of latest Hindi, English and Marathi movies at Kasba Peth. \"We raided the spot on Saturday evening and arrested Pardeshi,\" he said.He said Pardeshi was also found selling DVDs of porn movies and MP3s. A case in this regard has been lodged with the Faraskhana police station under the Copyright Act.The investigating team comprised police constables Baba Karche, Popatrao Gaikwad, Kanta Bansude, Tanaji Kamble and Shivraj Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16335482", "title": "Cattle feed processing plant inaugurated in Mehsana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi inaugurated a cattle-feed factory and an institute for dairy technology at Mahesana's Dudhsagar dairy in Jagudan area.Speaking on the occasion Modi admitted that the cattle-rearing sector has been neglected in the country. \"Milk productivity per animal in India is lower when compared to other parts of the world. This is the reason why the cattle-breeders in India have not become prosperous,\" he said.While highlighting the state's initiatives in the field of cattle-rearing Modi said, \"Saurashtra did not have cattle-feed processing plants and there was also a shortage of cheaper cattle-feed. The state government recently announced a Rs 30 crore scheme for setting up of a cattle-feed factory in the co-operative sector.\"The government, he claimed, has also set up Kamdhenu University to create a pool of manpower for encouraging scientific cattle-rearing techniques in Gujarat.Chairman of Dudhsagar Dairy Vipul Chaudhary said that the cattle feed processing factory is the biggest in the country and will process 10 lakh kilograms of cattle-feed per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330199", "title": "Eight IAS officers promoted", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eight IAS officers of the 1979 batch were on Sunday promoted to the pay scale of chief secretary. The decision was taken following a meeting of the Departmental Promotions Committee between secretary, Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, DK Mittal and chief secretary Jawed Usmani.Confirming the decision, sources in the government said Manjit Singh, Kush Verma, Siraj Hussain, Ram Chandra Srivastava, Ravindra Singh, Anil Kumar Gupta, Zohra Chatterji and Net Ram had been promoted with immediate effect. While Verma, Hussain, Chatterji and Ravindra Singh are at present on central deputation, Srivastava is serving the state government as principal secretary in the department of technical education. Gupta is currently the infrastructure and industrial commissioner of UP, while Net Ram is principal secretary, department of national integration. Manjit Singh, who was last transferred in July this year, is currently serving as divisional commissioner, Agra.Sources also said since departmental proceedings were pending against two officers of the 1979 batch, Vijay Shankar Pandey and Rakesh Bahadur, the process of their promotions would be completed in some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330183", "title": "Vice-President Ansari calls on Nadwatul Ulema\u2019 rector", "text": "LUCKNOW: Vice-President Hamid Ansari called on the rector of Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulema during his two-day visit to the state capital on Sunday morning. Both the vice president's camp as well as the Nadwa administration described the visit as a pure courtesy call during which the vice president spent 25 minutes on the campus and returned with a souvenir - a book written by former rector and top Arabic scholar Maulana Syed Abul Hasan Ali Nadvi, popularly known as Maulana Ali Miyan.Sources said the vice president's visit to Nadwa was a scheduled one and was part of his original itinerary as well. Hamid Ansari is known to have enjoyed good relations with the present rector Maulana Raabe Hasni Nadvi ever since his predecessor late Maulana Ali Miyan donned the chair and Ansari called upon him during his visits to Lucknow before being sworn in as the vice president of the country.The vice president reached the campus where he was welcomed by the rector Maulana Raabe Hasni Nadvi and his younger brother Maulana Waze Rasheed Nadvi apart from other members of the faculty. After exchanging pleasantries, the vice president was presented with a book titled Rehbar - e- Insaniyat written by late Mualana Ali Miyan.The vice president also went through some recent publications of renowned Urdu and Arabic scholars, copies of which were available at the Nadwa library as well. Talking over tea, the two sides discussed the present state of affairs at the campus and the social scenario around. Sources at Nadwa denied that there was any talk of politics during the 25 minute stay of the vice president on the campus. His motorcade drove out of the campus exactly 25 minutes after his arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16329189", "title": "\u2018Illiteracy behind rising Muslim count in Assam\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi blamed the growth of Muslim population in the state on high birth rate among the community, dismissing suggestions that illegal migration from Bangladesh had skewed the demography of the state. The Congress chief minister also blamed it on low level of literacy among Muslims.In an interview to a TV channel, Gogoi said the growth of Muslim population in Assam was higher than Hindus as the community give birth to more children due to poor rate of literacy. \"It is because of low literacy... Illiteracy among the Muslims. Most of them are illiterate. Every family... six, seven, eight, nine, ten... It is because of illiteracy,\" he told the channel. When repeatedly asked whether he was suggesting that illiterate people had more children, Gogoi said, \"Yes, 100 per cent I believe... It is because of illiteracy.\"Following the Assam ethnic violence that erupted in July, it was widely suggested that illegal immigration of Muslims from Bangladesh, the resultant tussle for resources and insecurity over identity had resulted in the clashes.Gogoi dismissed such analyses saying, \"If you look at the 2001 census, the growth of Muslim population in Assam is less than the national average, almost 3%. In 2011 census also, growth of population in Assam is less than the national average. It is a clear indication that illegal immigration is on decline.\"Gogoi said even though there were around three lakh cases pending against suspected illegal immigrants in various tribunals, many would be dismissed eventually as it was very difficult to prove the allegations. The three-time CM also \"challenged\" the claim of Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) chief Hagrama Mohilary that there were two lakh illegal immigrants in the BTC area, saying the figure was wrong.Asked whether he was soft towards the Bodos during the recent clashes as the Bodoland People's Front is a coalition partner of his government, Gogoi termed it as a wrong perception saying even the Bodos were accusing him of being soft towards Muslims. \"It is absolutely wrong. It is a false propaganda. I don't depend on them. I have 78 MLAs (Congress) out of 126. They (BPF) are part of the government but I don't need their support (for the survival of the government). (If I needed) why did I arrest the Bodo MLA,\" he said.Gogoi, however, took full responsibility for the violence that claimed more than 80 lives in the state. \"As the head of the state, definitely I am responsible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329108", "title": "Free software movement spreads in universities", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when students in Tamil Nadu are getting familiar with their new laptops distributed by the state government, a group is working double time to promote free software. The Free Software Foundation of Tamil Nadu (FSFTN), a part of the Free Software Movement of India ( FSMI), has been campaigning for computers that do not use paid software.FSFTN, which is already active in IIT-Madras, Anna University, Madras Institute of Technologies (MIT) and several other leading universities and colleges, are conducting aggressive campaigns to form more groups on state campuses to provide service and training for students community to use free software applications in their computers. They will also provide awareness to students about the monopoly of proprietary programmes (Microsoft, iOS, etc).Alagunambi Welkin, a senior member of FSFTN, said their fight is all against the knowledge industry and the monopoly of software giants. \"The free software movement in Tamil Nadu is mostly led by IITians, software professionals and tech-savvy students from Chennai, Madurai and Coimbatore. They have formed groups in seven campuses in the states, including IIT-Madras and MIT. These free software groups are mostly headed by students and officially approved by the institutions,\" he said. Welkin said they are taking their campaign to more number of institutions.The campaign, which is on the heels of the 68 lakh free laptops distributed by the state government, slams the state government for distributing laptops loaded with paid-operating systems and software. In one of its conference, American software freedom activist Richard Stallman, known as the prophet of free software movement, had criticised the state government for forcing students to be dependent on paid products. \"By distributing laptops with non-free software it creates a system of digital colonisation,\" Stallman told those gathered at IIT-Madras in February.\"Our group will provide free software services and training for campuses and individual users. We will reach out to at least 40 campuses across the state in two months time. The campaign is all about the freedom to access knowledge and safe computing free from the hidden strings of developers,\" Welkin said. On September 22, 2012, FSFTN will hold a meeting of college students at the College of Engineering Guindy (CEG) campus to coordinate the campaign across the state.Deepak Johnson, IIT-Madras student and an active member of free software movement said he stands for free knowledge. \"Many students are unaware of the merits of free software. This is the time for student to raise their voice for online freedom and protest the governments' move to restrict several file sharing sites and online libraries. The Tamil Nadu government should understand the concept of knowledge freedom when they distribute several lakh free laptops to students,\" he said.Tamil Nadu was one of the first states in India that began free software in its governance years ago. The Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu ( ELCOT) had opened special cells at all district headquarters to train government employees to use popular open source operating systems like Ubuntu. Now, FSFTN demands the state government to stop wasting several crores of rupees on paid software and go back to its free software platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16332587", "title": "Congress shutdown hits life in Odisha, 200 people held", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Around 200 people were held by securitymen as normal life was affected across Odisha amid disruption of train and road traffic and closure of shops due to a statewide bandh called by Congress against alleged police crackdown on partymen during a rally.More than a dozen trains were stopped at several railway stations including Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda Road, Berhampur and Sambalpur as bandh supporters staged dharna on the tracks, a spokesman of East Coast Railway (ECoR) said.Vehicular movement virtually came to a grinding halt in many parts of the state as passenger buses, trucks and auto-rickshaw remained off the roads, police sources said.A large number of passengers were seen stranded at railway stations and bus stands at many places, while roads wore a deserted look during the one-day shut-down.City bus services in many places like Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Puri were suspended.Shops, business establishments and commercial centres downed their shutter in major areas including Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Berhampur, Balasore, Sambalpur, Bolangir, Rourkela, Baripada, Bhadrak and Angul, sources said.Schools, colleges and other educational institutions remained shut in most areas.Around 150 Congress supporters including some party leaders were taken into custody in places like Bhubaneswar, Rourkela and Cuttack while picketing near government offices and other places to enforce the bandh, called in protest against alleged crackdown by police during a party rally at MG Road here on September 6, sources said.Elaborate security arrangements were made by the police with heavy deployment of force throughout the state to prevent any untoward incident during the shut-down.\"The situation is peaceful and no untoward incident has so far been reported from any part of the state. We are keeping a close vigil,\" a senior police official said.In the state capital, about 51 platoons of force (around 1700 personnel) have been deployed at different places while strict vigil is maintained near government buildings, vital installations and other sensitive locations.\"Our bandh call has evoked overwhelming support from the public. It is peaceful and complete success,\" said Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee President Niranjan Patnaik.\"It shows people are against the BJD government headed by Naveen Patnaik ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16329468", "title": "Mobile manners on railway agenda", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Chakradharpur division of the South Eastern Railway (SER), which has been making continuous efforts to improve passenger amenities over a period of time, has now resolved to check the problems faced by on-board passengers owing to the indiscriminate use of mobile phones in running trains.The railway division has announced that it will soon issue guidelines to the passengers advising them to use their cell phones in a disciplined manner while travelling in train.The passengers on board the train will be advised to do away with talking loudly on their mobile phones and asked to keep their cell phones in a silent or vibration mode. They will also be asked to keep the volume of the ringtone low.\"Probably, in time, the division will issue the notification to all railway stations (for dissemination purpose) and we look forward to cooperation from our passengers,\" said Chakradharpur senior commercial divisional manager, A N Biswas. He, however, did not commit to a timeframe within which the notice would be issued.The railway authorities here said the division had to plan mobile phone advisory measures for the passengers following directive from the Railway Board that had received several complaints from across the country regarding improper use of mobile phones by a section of passengers inside compartments.\"The passengers, in particular, have complained about high-decibel ring tones and objectionable ring tones blaring loudly inside compartment along with songs being played in high volume. Complaints about loud conversation on the mobile phone were also made,\" sources said.The Chhottanagpur Passengers Association has expressed delight at the initiative. \"Very often, fellow passengers on board trains face unpleasant situations when they hear the mobile phone ring incessantly,\" said a functionary of the association. He urged upon the railways to advice the mobile phone users not to play audio songs in high volume inside the compartment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330227", "title": "List of trains to be cancelled in Jan, Feb", "text": "LUCKNOW: The railways has released a list of trains which will remain cancelled due to fog in January and February. As a result, the advance reservation for these trains will be closed down.The trains, which originate from different stations of UP and will remain cancelled during the period include train no 14115/14116 Allahabad-Haridwar Express, 14265/14266 Varanasi-Dehradun Express, 14307/14308 Prayag-Bareilly Express, 15011/15012 Lucknow-Chandigarh Express and 14217/14218 Allahabad-Chandigarh Unchahar Express. Train no 15003/15004 Kanpur-Anwarganj-Gorakhpur Jn Chauri Chaura Express will remain partially cancelled between Allahabad-Kanpur.Besides, some of the trains will also be diverted. The zonal railways, however, will keep a close watch on the field situation and in case there is no fog, reservation for the affected trains will start with a three-day notice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329207", "title": "Now, watch latest movies in comfort of your home", "text": "CHENNAI: Long queues at theatre booking counters could soon be a thing of the past, and watching a first day, first show will no longer entail travelling to a theatre, only to suffer uncomfortable seating and bad sound systems. You can watch your favourite star in the comfort of your sitting room or at your own personal home theatre, thanks to latest technology.And it doesn't cost the sky too. Equipment sold by the city-based Real Image Media Technologies costs only around 1.5 lakh, and this can be easily integrated into home theatres.Real Image has done around 100 installations of Qube at personal theatres in Chennai, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Kerala, with the most number of connections in Hyderabad, according to Senthil Kumar, co-founder of Intel Capital-backed company.\"The Qube system employs the same security that a theatre installation has like watermarking and locked projectors, so there is no fear of piracy. The content is delivered mostly over hard disk because of the very small number of such connections, and the charges are very nominal too - only around 5,000,\" he says.Club X, part of the Valuable Group that runs UFO Movies, also provides a similar product, though the equipment cost and the movie charges vary as it is branded as \"a unique and extremely premium entertainment service\".\"Club X is not essentially a commercial venture but only a service we are offering to a handful of people in the country, who are close to us as well as producers' community. The producers always have been offering this service to their friends . With the advent of satellite technology, this cumbersome method has been simplified,\" says Charuhas Satam, director (corporate affairs), Valuable Group.With permissions required from producers and distributors to watch movies on personal theatres, those who use such systems are mostly famous personalities.\"As special permission is needed from the distributors, most of those who have Qube installed on their private premises are from the film industry. It is easier for them to contact the distributor and get permission,\" says Senthil Kumar.Some Qube customers are South superstars Mammooty, Ram Charan Teja, Mahesh Babu, Junior NTR and Nagarjuna. The system is also installed at the Chennai residence of businessman Kalpathi S Aghoram, who also runs AGS Entertainment and AGS Cinemas. Customers of Club X include cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, actors Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan, Ajay Devgn and Kareena Kapoor, industrialists Harsh Goenka, Amit Burman and Yash Birla.Though such home shows can be used as an added source of revenue, both Qube and Club X are not looking to increase the number of their connections.\"The number of enquiries is very high. We have not scaled up connections because the business model is not very clear and we are not sure if this will help the film industry. Our primary customers are theatres, so we can't afford to do anything that will hit their revenue,\" says Senthil Kumar.The view is echoed by Satam. \"Our business model comprises producers, distributors and theatres and all of them are laughing their way to the bank, thanks to our products. We don't want to do anything that will make them feel threatened, and disturb the existing business model. \"Adds Senthil Kumar, \"Because only a small number of people have such connections, the distributors don't have a problem now as it is more like a personal preview theatre. But the distributors and theatres might have a problem if the number of such connections goes up as their collections might suffer. All the stakeholders need to sit down and work out a business model before we scale up the business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16328083", "title": "Rain threat over Chennai Twenty20 too", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai skyline has a sombre look to it and that's making everyone edgy.Yuvraj Singh's comeback game on Saturday at Vizag was washed out and if the Met Office in Chennai is to be believed, there's enough reason to worry for the left-hander and his fans. It had rained on Friday night and there are possibilities of showers in the coming two days, as India and New Zealand get ready to play the 'decider' on Tuesday.Twenty20 has become an integral part of the Chennai cricketscape, courtesy CSK. But interestingly, the city hasn't yet hosted a single T20 international and it's 'debut' game has suddenly assumed some significance.While Yuvi is returning to international fold, so is home boy Lakshmipathy Balaji, who has been out of the Indian side for more than three years now. Harbhajan Singh, too, is set for a return and there's a sense of anticipation around his 'duel' with home boy R. Ashwin, India's No 1 off spinner at the moment. This will also be India's last competitive match before they leave for the World T20 in Sri Lanka and every cricket fan is waiting to see how the team has shaped up before the showpiece event.But Yuvi, surely, is the centre of attraction and he looked his normal relaxed and chirpy self, as he reached the team hotel on Sunday afternoon. \"Everyone loves to watch Yuvi and I hope everything goes well for him in his comeback game here,\" former Indian opener WV Raman said on Sunday.But for that to happen, the rains have to stay away. Chennai has a history of washouts and that has made the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association revamp the drainage system of the ground. According to the chairman of the pitch and curators committee of the BCCI, PR Viswanathan, if it does not rain during the match, there shouldn't be any problems in finishing the game.\"I hope it does not rain during the game. Otherwise, we have a superb drainage system in place which is probably one of the best in the country. If we get two hours before the match, we can host the match without any trouble,\" Viswanathan told TOI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329314", "title": "Maoist threat takes sheen off Lohardaga rural markets", "text": "RANCHI: Rural markets, which are the backbone of the local economy, in remote villages have been adversely affected due to Maoist activities in Lohardaga district which is a known hot-bed of extremist outfits like the CPI(Maoist), Tritya Prastuti Committee (TPC) and People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI).Police said the rebels have banned entry of traders from outside and auction of local produce. This besides, the rebels have been demanding levy both from villagers and outsiders. This has not only hit the villagers but also the revenue collection of the Bazar Samiti.\"Village haats which are worst affected are Raniganj, Tissia, Pessrar, Mungo, Chaampi. Local farmers, particularly, tribals suffer because they mostly grow vegetables which are mostly perishable items and get damaged before these can reach the customers,\" said an official of district administration.Moreover, these markets also act as centres of sale and purchase of forest produce like Mahua, Karanj, Imli and Lac etc. Primitive tribals belonging to Asur, Birjia, Birhor tribes collect these forest items and sell them in the village markets. \"This is their only source of their livelihood. In return they also purchase their daily utility items like clothes, soap, utensils etc from these markets. For the last few years the markets are not functioning. Traders who used to come from Gumla, Bishunpur, Latehar, Banari and Ranchi have stopped visiting the local haats owing to Maoist threat,\" the official said adding that middlemen have flourished because of this.Villagers sell their products to middlemen in the villages as it is very difficult for the former to travel to towns like Lohardaga located 25-50 kms away.Sandip Kujur of Tissia village said they have to travel at least 25 km even for items of daily use like rope or bag. \"Police and district administration cannot do much as traders are scared of the rebels,\" said Kujur.Jamil Ansari, a local trader, said earlier people from the villages would throng these markets. \"Today, you will hardly find anybody at these markets as nothing much is on sale. These markets do not boast of a wide variety of item to attracted the rural folks any more. We have also accepted this reality,\" Ansari said.Despite this, however, Bazar Samiti secretary Beni Lal Rajak is optimistic. \"We are trying to revive the markets with help of security forces and hope that things will change in favour of the villagers very soon,\" said Rajak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333455", "title": "Paoli Dam\u2019s new avatar as a cabaret dancer", "text": "After almost five decades, 60's most famous cabaret dancer of Kolkata Miss Shefali aka Arati's real life which was very much sensational will be captured on celluloid. Director Gulbar Singh has taken this initiative. Bengal's most successful and controversial actor of contemporary cinema Paoli Dam will portray the character of Miss Shefali. Most probably shooting of this not-yet-titled film's will go on floor from the month of November. Miss Shefali is not an unknown figure in the industry. Apart from Satyajit Ray's two films she has also worked in several other famous films. It is also said that once India's best and successful cabaret dancer Helen flew to Kolkata to watch her performance. She is also known as legendary figure of Uttam Kumar's special friend and the then producer Binayak Sarkar's mate.We hope Paoli's this new avatar and Gulbar's this initiative goes well!Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/ paoli-dam-s-new-avatar-cabaret-dancer-10857", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16332732", "title": "Central Railway plans massive recruitment of Jansadharan Ticket booking sevaks", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has drawn up plans to rope in huge number establishments under Jansadharan Ticket booking Sevak (JTBS) scheme in period of one year to reduce queues at booking windows.A senior CR official said \"Our aim is increase the number of JTBS from existing 75 to atleast 500 in a year. With this, we aim to sell around 1 lakh ticket as against existing sale of 28,000 ticket through JTBS per day.\"CR registers 9 lakh ticket sales approximately per day out. Of these, around 6 lakh are sold through ticket counters, 2 lakh through coupons and 1 lakh through smart card operated Automatic Ticket Vending Machines and JTBS. Of the 429 booking counters in Mumbai division of CR, only 355 are operational at any given time, resulting in longer queues.The official said, \"Due to paucity of staff, booking windows at many stations remain underused. Hence, we have no option but to increase the number of JTBS.\"In the past one-year, CR has increased the number of JTBS from 23 to 75. Under the 'Jan Sadharan Ticket Booking Sewak' (JTBS) scheme, booking agents are allowed to charge a premium of Rs 1 per commuters on buying of unreserved ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16330246", "title": "Pakistan press misreads Krishna", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistani newspapers misread foreign minister S M Krishna's verbal volleys on the India-Pakistan peace process to draw the inference that India is willing to drop its \"hard line\" position on 26/11 and move on with its relations with Islamabad .Pakistani newspapers welcomed the visa agreement inked by Krishna and his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar on Saturday with The Nation headline \"India, Pakistan walk the talk\" and Express Tribune's \"Pakistan-India to delink future from bitter past\" summing up the assessment here.But the media here saw \"delinking\" to include India dropping the speedy trial of top Lashkar-e-Taiba leaders for the 26/11 attacks as a condition for genuine and rapid normalization of relations. This interpretation stems from Krishna's remark \u2014 in response to aggressive questions by Pakistani journalists \u2014 that he did not mean that progress on disputes was contingent on forward movement in the 26/11 case.Pakistani media ignored Krishna's remarks on talks for a desire for progress in the Mumbai trial and his stout refusal to offer commitment on the date of the PM's visit to Pakistan. He partly withdrew his statement that something \"worthwhile\" must accrue to only replace it with \"the need for the right atmosphere\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330660", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena hopeful of 3L member base this year", "text": "NASHIK: In a matter of four days, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has received 25,000 membership forms out of which 17,000 are from Nashik and 8,000 from surrounding areas of Nashik. Party office bearers expect this figure to reach three lakh mark this year. \"We have set a target of three lakh for the Nashik Lok Sabha constituency this year,\" said an office bearer.Last year, the party crossed the two lakh mark. MNS had crossed two lakhs of members.Against the backdrop of the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha elections are going to be held next year, On this backdrop, the party has begun its preparations for polls and membership registrations are being seen as the first step in preparations. As a first step to this, members are being registered at the city offices.The membership will be valid for three years from the period of registration.Party leaders have indicated that they are trying their best to retain west, east and central Nashik constituencies of Lok Sabha.During the last Lok Sabha election, the MNS had lost the seat by just 22,000 votes. and leaders say that they are doing their best to win the Lok Sabha election this timeThe party's coalition partner Meanwhile, their coalition partner at the local body, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is aiming for a total membership of 50,000 for this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334829", "title": "Salman is lucky for me: Shabab Sabri", "text": "Salman seems to be a lucky mascot for many. Now it is the turn of Shabab Sabri, who lent his voice for Salman's song Teri jawani bari mast mast hai for the film Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya in the year 1998.Shabab says, \"After singing the song I have received so many offers after that. There was no looking back after this song. I feel that Salman is lucky for me.\"He sang Teri jawani bari... with his father Iqbal Sabri and uncle Afzal Sabri. There is another reason for Shabab's happiness as he has just completed singing 100 songs. \"I am very happy. And, I am celebrating after making a few songs superhit for films like Dabangg , Bol Bachchan , Agent Vinod and many others,\" says he.Some of the films in which he has hit numbers are Tez, Veer, Dangerous Ishq, Damadum, Page 3, Picture Abhi Baaki Hai and many more. Later, he also thanked Himesh Reshammiya for making him sing for several of his films too. \"I am privileged to work with such good music directors. And I share a great rapport with Himesh. I want to thank all the music director and producers who kept faith in me as singer,\" says he.He has given his voice in various genres like sufi, thumri, ghazal , romantic and classical. And, he is ready to give some hits in the years to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330661", "title": "11% rise in water level at Gangapur in last 8 days", "text": "NASHIK: According to information provided by the water resources department, water storage at the Gangapur dam has risen by 11% over the last eight days. Levels have also risen at the Darna dam by 2% during the same period. according to the information provided by the water resources department.\"Since the past four days there has been no change in the level of water at Darna dam. The water level at the dam in Gangapur has, however, increased from 62 percent eight days ago to to 73 % currently. This is a significant rise. The level is increasing by 1% on a daily basis,\" said executive engineer of the water resources department (irrigation), A N Mhaske.TheNashik Municipal Corporation had expressed confidence till late April that the water in the storage tanks would suffice till the onset of the monsoons, but then officially went on to enforce water cuts of 15-20% in all six divisions since June 19 due to the delayed monsoon in the city.But the revival of the rains has now increased the water level in Gangapur dam, although the level at the dam is still at 73% compared to The water level in the dam is 73 percent as compared to 93% during the same period last year.With only moderate rainfall even in the catchment areas, officials say that the water situation will be reviewed shortly at a meeting with the irrigation department.The two dams - Gangapur and Darna- supply water to the entire city. The total capacity of the dams is 7,149 mcft. Last year, during this time the dams was full to its capacity.The Gangapur dam has a storage capacity of 5,630 million cubic feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330147", "title": "Several towns in Nagpur division face power cuts", "text": "NAGPUR: Several towns and villages in six districts of Nagpur revenue division, which did not have any load shedding in summer, are now facing power cuts ranging from 5.30 to 11 hours. Till August 22, the entire area was exempt from power cuts, but now 126 feeders of the 1,000-plus 11KV feeders are implementing the load-shedding programme. This has led to 9-hour power cuts at Kamptee, while Hingna town is facing 11 hours load-shedding.The power distribution company is enforcing the cuts to give shock treatment to consumers indulging in power theft and non-payment of bills. These consumers have refused to mend their ways even after the company launched several amnesty schemes. Rampant power theft in high loss areas is also one of the major reasons for high power tariff across the state.Wardha circle has only one high loss feeder. There are no high loss feeders in Congress Nagar division of the city, but there are several such feeders in the Spanco franchisee area.As MSEDCL has not applied the new methodology to the franchisee area, it is enjoying uninterrupted power supply.Before August 22, the duration of power cuts was determined on the basis of MSEDCL's division level distribution and collection losses (DCL). Now, the 11 KV feeder level losses are being taken into consideration.MSEDCL had categorized its divisions on the basis of DCL for determining the duration of power cuts. Divisions having less than 34% losses came under A, B and C categories and were exempt from power cuts. A division having losses between 34 and 42% came under D category and to face 5.30 hour daily power cut. For divisions with higher losses, the power cut duration was higher depending on further categories.From August 22, the category of the feeder, instead of division, is being taken into account for determining load shedding duration. Kamptee comes under jurisdiction of Nagpur I division. As the division's loss level was less than 34%, the town was exempt from power cuts in spite of having 56.3% losses. Now, it is facing a 9-hour power cut. Hingna town is facing 11 hours load-shedding as its losses are above 65%.A MSEDCL official told TOI that the prolonged power cuts in some divisions of Marathwada had forced consumers to stop pilferage and start paying bills regularly.The prolonged power cuts in some divisions of Marathwada had forced consumers to stop pilferage and start paying bills regularly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16329555", "title": "Two girls die, two hurt in accidents", "text": "VARANASI: Two girls died and two injured in two accidents at different place on Sunday.Ten-year-old Khushi Pathak was crushed to death by a tractor in Mugalsarai area in Chandauli district. Bindu Saroj (18) died and Indu and Sheela were injured when a speeding truck hit them in Vardah area in Azamgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330676", "title": "Teens wake up to sleep disorders", "text": "LUDHIANA: Does your teenager face a hard time falling asleep at night or waking up in the morning? Is he or she sleepy during the day? A pattern of disturbed sleep could be an early warning of the problems to come, say city psychiatrists, who have recorded an increase in number of teens suffering from sleep disorders, such as narcolepsy, insomnia, restless legs syndrome, sleep apnea or nocturnal enuresis without even knowing about it.Experts warn that not getting the proper amount or quality of sleep leads to more than just feeling tired. Sleepiness interferes with cognitive function, which can lead to learning disabilities, memory impairment, personality changes and depression. Sleep deprivation may result in many consequences, including daytime sleepiness, mood swings, drowsy driving, poor grades, and weight gain.Dr Ranjive Mahajan, HoD of psychiatry at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"\"The most common sleep disorders we get to see among teens is nocturnal enuresis (urination during sleep), sleep terror, rhythmic disorder (moving in sleep), insomnia (lack of sleep or disturbed sleep), teeth grinding, sleep walking and sleep talking. We see around two to three such patients every day and majority are teenagers\"\".Deciphering the root cause of the disorder, Dr Mahajan added, \"\"Most of these sleep disorders are caused due to high intake of soft drinks, cold coffee, chocolates during night, stress related to studies, parenta\"\" lifestyle, watching television and playing video games till late night. Also children born to nuclear families have a greater chance of developing sleep disorders as there is no one to sing lullaby and read bedtime stories, a job usually done by grandparents.Lack of awareness is a major factor in the poor numbers recorded for these disorders, said Dr Sandeep Goel of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH). \"\"We receive less teen patients complaining of sleep disorders as there is less awareness among parents. Parents come to us only when their children complain of severe insomnia, but they hardly consult us for other sleep disorders\"\", he said.Talking about ways of preventing sleep disorders, Dr Anshu Gupta and Dr Anshu Gupta, both visiting psychiatrist at SPS Apollo Hospital, said, \"\"Parents should pay more attention to sleep hygiene\"\" sleeping at proper time, listening to soft music and reading (non subject) books should be encouraged. Besides, children should be asked to wash their feet before sleep. Light walk also helps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330411", "title": "CBSE launches new project to cultivate reading habit in students", "text": "In an attempt to encourage reading habits among school children to improve their language skills, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has recommended a selection of books from various publications for students to read. This is part of the board's new reading project that aims to inculcate good reading habits in children.The list of recommended books includes 14 books of Katha, a charitable organisation in the Capital. Seven of the Katha titles are in English and seven in Hindi. The selection presents a group of best selling books from fiction as well as the non-fiction category.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, the board constantly encourages schools to provide multifold learning experiences to young children. \"Good reading habits help children in acquiring power of imagination, expression and appreciation of literature. Though all the skills of gaining proficiency in a language are equally important, nevertheless, reading habit helps tremendously in improving comprehension , accuracy, fluency and in increasing vocabulary. Reading provokes questioning, helps in generating ideas and inspires students to think. It supports the curriculum by enhancing language competence.\"Strengthening of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has added further impetus in fostering interest in children to read books. As part of the formative assessment in CCE, schools are being advised to take up 'reading projects.' Schools have also been encouraged to use multiple modes of assessment such as conducting reviews, script, reading, discussion , open houses, interaction with the authors, etc.Devaraj PR, assistant director, sales and marketing, Katha, says, \"The reading habits of students in our country are coming down. Katha books create interest in reading and also help children improve their language and understand the Indian culture.\"CBSE affiliated schools can select the books of their choice. Students don't have to pay for any of the books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16330127", "title": "Paradrop training along LAC to check China", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is quietly practising airdrops of paratroopers in high-altitude areas near the Line of Actual Control (LAC) to bolster operational readiness. The combat drills are a part of the overall plan to strategically counter China's massive build-up of military infrastructure all along the unresolved border.A major milestone in the ongoing endeavour was achieved just before Chinese defence minister General Liang Guanglie's visit to India last week when the first-ever \"static line paradrop\" from a heavy-lift Ilyushin-76 aircraft was conducted at Nyoma on August 29, sources said.The advanced landing ground (ALG) at Nyoma in eastern Ladakh, located just 23 km from the LAC at an altitude of over 13,300 feet, was re-activated when a medium-lift Antonov-32 transport aircraft landed there in September 2009.Since then, there have been other AN-32 landings at the airstrip as well as joint IAF-Army airdrops in the area. \"But August 29 was the first time when the 'static line paradrop' (when parachutes, linked to the plane with cords, open on exit in classic airborne infantry mode) was successfully conducted by an IL-76,\" said a source.The airdrop, with a mix of 20 Army and IAF paratroopers jumping from a record altitude of over 15,000 feet, was conducted by the 'Mighty Jets' IL-76 squadron after months of planning at the Chandigarh airbase and the Delhi-based Western Air Command.\"Though Nyoma's location is of immense strategic significance, the hazards of treacherous terrain and weather had to be kept in mind. An IL-76 can carry over 120 combat-ready paratroopers, which is three times more than an AN-32,\" the source said.IAF has also already chalked out a detailed Rs 3,500 crore project, though it is yet to recieve the finance ministry's nod, to upgrade the Nyoma ALG into a \"full-fledged airbase\" with a 12,000 feet runway capable of handling all kinds of aircraft to ensure \"both defensive and offensive options\" in the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "moreh(manipur)", "code": "16329644", "title": "Biz booms beyond borders", "text": "MOREH(MANIPUR): The small border town of Moreh in Manipur's Chandel district is known as a paradise for traders operating along the borders of India and Myanmar. In fact, the locals expand the town's name as 'Millions of Rupees Enter Here', indicative of the large volume of trade underway at Moreh on a regular basis. And the expansion is not very far off the mark as the market here sees inflow of huge amounts of money from trade deals, both legal and illegal, with Southeast Asian countries, which has been on here for decades.\"Officially, Moreh has an estimated border trade of almost Rs 40 lakh per day. Major items bought by Myanmar traders from India are cotton yarn, auto parts, soyabean products and pharmaceuticals, while Indian traders purchase betelnuts, dried ginger, turmeric roots, resin and medicinal herbs from their Myanmar counterparts,\" says Ishantor Sobhapandit, regional director of the Indian Chamber of Commerce (NE). Local sources said that the unofficial volume of transaction at Moreh is almost over Rs 2 crore per day.The Indo-Myanmar friendship route opens at 7 am and closes at 4 pm every day for trade. The bilateral trade rules between India and Myanmar allows India to export jeera (peeper) and sugar and import only betelnut from Myanmar, informs K B Subramaniam, public relations secretary at the Border Trade and Chamber of Commerce at Moreh. \"The trade of items not listed for official bilateral trade has, however, been escalating over the last few years,\" he adds.Targetting these huge transactions, China has virtually invaded Moreh's Namphalong bazaar, located right on the road that demarcates the international boundary between India and Myanmar. Using Myanmarese vendors to sell its products here, the neighbouring country has flooded Namphalong with all kinds of products which Indian buyers are lapping up. Be it toys, mobile phones, home appliances, beauty products, chocolates and even cigarettes, most of the products available at the market are made in China.Every morning, hundreds of Burmese vendors, both men and women, throng Namphalong and Tamu markets in the border area armed with Chinese products to sell to Indian buyers. \"Chinese bulk producers are using the vendors of Myanmar as their agents to sell their products in India. China can send these products to Myanmar without any duty and then to India through the Moreh market,\" said Khwaza Mainuddin, a border trade official at Moreh.Robin Jaisi, a vendor of Nepali origin who operates at the Tamu market, added, \"My family has been selling various goods with Indian buyers for generations. Most of our products are Chinese and some are from Myanmar and Thailand . Though our currency is Burmese kyat, we accept the Indian rupee too. Electronics and Kaungimaun (a kind of Burmese rice) sell like hot cakes in the Indian market.\"Located some 110 km from the capital town of Imphal in Chandel district, Moreh is an ethnic Kuki inhabited town with a population of around 14,000, including ethnic communities like Meiteis, Tamils, Nepalis, Muslims, Meitei-Pangals. It is a fast-developing and an important trade point in India on the border with Myanmar, with the town of Tamu being close to the border.India and Myanmar signed a border trade agreement in 1994 and have two operational border trade points (Moreh-Tamu and Zowkhatar-Rhi) on the 1,643 km long border. During the 3rd India-Myanmar Joint Trade Committee in October 2008, it was agreed that border trade at the existing points would be upgraded. A third border trade point is proposed to be opened at Avakhung-Pansat/Somrai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328954", "title": "Girl hangs self after failing in entrance test", "text": "JAIPUR: A 27-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in the Civil Lines area here on Sunday. Police suspect that the girl was depressed after failing in the teachers' recruitment entrance exam.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Seema Yadav, was living with their parents at Suraj Nagar east in Civil Lines.\"She hanged herself using a stole around 12 pm. She was rushed to SMS hospital where doctors declared her brought dead,\" said sub-inspector Mahaveer Singh.Police said that no suicide note was recovered from the spot. \"We have yet to record statements of the family members as they are in a state of shock. However, the neighbours told us the girl had studied hard for clearing the test. She had appeared for it in Nagaur but failed to crack it,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328902", "title": "Shiv Kapur finishes tied 37th at KLM Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shiv Kapur had a disastrous fourth round at the KLM Open as he stumbled 24 places to tied 37th. His four-over 74 round at Hilversum in the Netherlands included three birdies, five bogeys and a double bogey. His previous rounds were 67, 67 and 70 and he finished with a total of two-under 278.Sweden's Peter Hanson was thrilled to end a traumatic week on a high note after overhauling Pablo Larrazabal to claim victory. He came close to withdrawing from the event after his one-year-old son Tim was hospitalised with a respiratory virus on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "velim", "code": "16329173", "title": "'No land to be acquired for Cutbona jetty'", "text": "VELIM: Bowing to the demands of the Velim villagers, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday assured the people that the land acquisition proceedings for 30,000 sq m of land for the expansion of the Cutbona fishing jetty will be allowed to lapse.As regards the fate of the jetty upgradation project, Parrikar was of the view that basic infrastructural amenities should be provided at the jetty but contended that a smaller area of land, as required for constructing sanitation facilities for the labour force working in the jetty, be acquired.Parrikar put forth his views at a meeting he held with the villagers in the presence of fisheries minister Avertano Furtado, Velim MLA Banjamin Silva, fisheries director S C Verenkar and others.Parrikar informed the villagers that the land acquisition proceedings that are currently under way would lapse by September 29 if the land acquisition authorities fail to complete the procedural requirements under the act, including hearing of the objections from villagers, by then. Stating that the government was not interested in thrusting the project upon the villagers, Parrikar said the land acquisition proceedings would be allowed to lapse.He stressed that provision of toilet facilities at the jetty were essential in the interest of the villagers. \"If you don't allow construction of even toilets and other such facilities then don't come to me with complaints like labourers defecating in the open, etc,\" Parrikar said, in an attempt to drive home his point.Parrikar suggested that a committee be formed to decide upon the nature of the basic facilities required to be set up for the project and come out with a proposal. The committee, headed by the chief minister and consisting of the fisheries minister, local MLA, local sarpanch and panchayat members, and some villagers, would then place its proposal before the gram sabha for its approval. The committee would be formed within a month.Villagers, however, are adopting a \"wait and watch\" approach.Ramona Almeida, convenor of thVelim civic and consumer forum (VCCF) who has been at the forefront of the agitation opposing the project, was apprehensive over the chief minister's assurance. \"I am still trying to comprehend the inference of his statements. We will wait until the land acquisition proceedings are scrapped as assured by him,\" Almeida told TOI. Hector Colaco, who was also among the staunch opponents of the project, appeared satisfied with the chief minister's assurance but stressed that the villagers would need to be vigilant over the government's next moves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330472", "title": "Sciency body's Kolkata centre likely by 2015", "text": "KOLKATA: The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) is expected to come up with its innovation complex in the city by 2015, director general CSIR and secretary, department of scientific and industrial research, Samir K Brahmachari said here on Friday.\"This innovation complex is coming up on 22 acres in Baruipur and we have got the land for it. The project will entail an investment of Rs 100 crore, which will be fully funded by CSIR,\" he said. He was here to attend a seminar organized by the Bharat Chamber of Commerce. tnnThis centre will bridge the gap between innovation and industry by bringing everything under one roof. This will also help scientists in this part of the country.\"Construction work for the boundary wall will start from late October. Now the approach road to the plot is being developed along with the sewerage line, water line and electricity line,\" Chitra Mandal, head, cancer and cell biology of CSIR said.CSIR has already set up a centre in Salt Lake to supplement the works of the proposed Baruipur innovation complex. Mandal further said even non-CSIR scientists will be encouraged to work in the Baruipur complex.Brahmachari emphasized the need of industry to participate in innovation work. \"In the proposed innovation complex we are expecting industry partnership. We hope industry and scientists will work together,\" he said.After the Baruipur innovation complex, two other will come up in Mumbai and Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16329859", "title": "Flag day for SJD state conference on September 23", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The flag day for the ensuing state conference of the Socialist Janata (Democratic) will be held on September 23, the birthday of noted socialist thinker and former Bombay mayor Yusaf Meherali.It was the visit of Meharali, one of the founders of the Congress Socialist Party , that strengthened the growth of socialist movement in Malabar, said a press release from the organizing committee.M V Sreyams Kumar, MLA, chairman of the organizing committee, presided over the meeting. General convener Manayath Chandran presented the details of the conference. Secretary general Varghese George, Charupara Ravi, V Kunhali, P Kishanchand, Salim Madavoor, Ankathil Ajauakumar, Elamana Haridas, Adv Thomas Mathew, K Sankaran Master, M K Bhaskaran, N K Valsan, Sabah Pulpatta and E P Damodaran spoke.The state conference of the SJD will be held here on October 11, 12 and 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16330385", "title": "Balaga strives to revive traditional games", "text": "MYSORE: Majority children of this generation prefer to play electronic games, either on computers or on latest gizmos. The casualty in this e-age are Indian traditional indoor gamers. To make such children know about traditional indoor games, Manwantara Samooha Balaga (MSB) is leaving no stones unturned.It has been organizing indoor game competitions for children and adults for the past five years. Says MSB president Venkataram Kashyap: \"There is no age bar for the participants. Adults have played these games in their childhood, but children (of this generation) have not. If parents bring their children along with them, then the games can be introduced to the latter.\"Some of the traditional games like chouka-bara, pagade, halaguli-mane, kunte-bille and kankat aata are thus reviewed at such events. These games are suitable for all generations. \"We want to spread awareness about traditional games. People should have love for these games and teach the same to their children,\" he added.According to elders, the traditional games have been designed in a way that they help players hone skills like concentration, logical thinking, basic mathematics and the like. They act as learning aids, they add.Venkataram explained: \"They teach us to learn to be sport - to take loss and win equally, hone life skills, and identify colours. But the essence of each game is to have fun.\" Saying that he enjoyed playing such games with his parents and grandparents, Venkataram regretted that present-generation children do not play games which ensure bonding between family members.Worse still, traditional games are not being played even in rural areas. To review and create awareness about the games, MSB has conducted competitions in Kanakapura, Nanjangud, Chamarajanagar, Bhadravati, Shimoga and Bangalore in the recent past. Last year, the group had conducted competitions during Dasara.MSB member Sheshikala Kumar said people from Hubli, Haveri and Bellary took part in the Dasara competitions last year. \"We have plans to conduct competitions on Kannada Rajyotsava too,\" Sheshikala added.Harshika, VIII Std student, said many of her friends are not aware of these games. \"But I have enjoyed playing these games with my parents,\" she added.Venkataram is writing a book about the rules and regulations of different traditional games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335412", "title": "New hope for people with fatal lung cancer", "text": "Scientists have discovered new potential targets for treating squamous cell lung cancer, which causes approximately 400,000 deaths per year worldwide .Squamous cell lung cancer kills more people each year than breast, colorectal, or prostate cancer , ranking second only to lung adenocarcinoma in the number of deaths it causes.But unlike the most common form of lung cancer, squamous cell carcinoma has no treatments aimed at the specific genetic alterations that drive it.Now The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) Research Network, led in part by scientists at the Broad Institute, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, and Harvard Medical School , has identified many potential therapeutic targets based on the large number and variety of DNA alterations they discovered in most of the tumours they studied.\"This study clearly shows that squamous cell carcinoma, like lung adenocarcinoma, is a cancer with diverse genomic causes, many of which are potentially susceptible to drug inhibition,\" said Matthew Meyerson, co-leader of the project within TCGA, Broad senior associate member, and professor of pathology at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School.\"This provides many new therapeutic opportunities for squamous cell carcinoma that would be suitable for clinical trials,\" he noted.The first targeted treatments for lung adenocarcinoma, erlotinib (Tarceva) and gefitinib (Iressa), were aimed at mutations in the EGFR gene. Unfortunately, and like other drugs being tested in clinical trials that target several other genes altered in lung adenocarcinoma, they do not help patients with squamous cell carcinoma.The TCGA effort, a multicenter consortium funded by the National Institutes of Health, is the first comprehensive genomic characterization of this lung cancer subtype.As in the three previous TCGA reports on the brain cancer glioblastoma, on ovarian cancer , and on colorectal cancer, the scientists used multiple large-scale approaches to highlight key molecular defects. They sequenced the protein-coding segments of the genomes of 178 squamous cell carcinoma tumors, along with normal tissue from the same patients.The researchers also sequenced the whole genomes of 19 tumor and normal tissue pairs. They mapped a diverse catalog of genomic alterations, including the rearrangements of chromosomes and other structural changes in regions of the genome that might not encode proteins but could control nearby genes involved in cancer development.The comprehensive study confirmed some previously identified genomic alterations. For example, the TP53 gene was altered in 90 percent of the tumours and the CDKN2A gene was inactivated in 72 percent of tumours. These genes normally prevent cancer, but when they are switched off, tumours can grow unimpeded. CDKN2A may be susceptible to a kinase inhibitor, presenting an opportunity for clinical trials.Overall the researchers identified mutations or amplifications in three families of tyrosine kinases, which are enzymes that act like power switches for many cellular functions. Frequently altered in cancer, they are already being investigated as therapeutic targets in other cancers. The researchers also found genomic alterations in signalling pathways that could present important opportunities for treatment.In another striking finding, the researchers discovered mutations in the HLA-A gene that hampered its function in tumours. HLA genes direct the arm of the immune system that discriminates between its own tissues and foreign invaders. This is the first cancer in which these mutations have been found, but they are likely to occur in other cancers, Meyerson said.\"To our knowledge, this is the first example of a tumour that has a genomic mechanism for evading an immune response. This may be important in understanding the immune response to squamous cell carcinoma and also in envisioning how immune-regulatory therapy might be used for this disease,\" he said.While much works needs to be done, the scientists see many opportunities.Their work was published online in Nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16328727", "title": "2 held for duping medical course aspirants", "text": "UJJAIN: Two members of a gang operating under the false names, Vaibhav, 27, and R K Sharma, 30, were arrested for allegedly taking money for facilitating medical college admissions. The Madhavnagar police said the gang members would take details about students from their PMT online forms and strike up conversation with students. Later, the two would promise them admissions in medical colleges of their choice even before the candidates' appeared for the entrance exam.A resident of Anuppur district, Mohammad Ayyub, the son of Mohammad Akhtar, had appeared in PMT and Sharma and Vaibhav approached him saying they would ensure admission in R D Gardi Medical College of Ujjain on payment of Rs 15 lakh. Later, they talked to him regularly in this connection.On Saturday evening, they decided to meet at the Grand Towers hotel in Freeganj, Ujjain. Sharma allegedly told Mohammad Ayyub he would come by flight and Ayyub would have to give Rs 6 lakh astoken amount for admission in the college.But Ayyub got suspicious and he lodged a complaint with Madhavnagar police station. Swinging into action, the police arrested the two. On interrogation, the two were identified as Karan and Harishankar, residents of Munger in Bihar.The accused have connections in Udaipur and Bangalore, where they had allegedly duped a number of medical aspirants in a similar fashion, the police said. Police suspect that a big gang is behind the two and more members are operating in other parts of country. They were also allegedly involved in Rs 8 lakh medical admission fraud in the past. The two were arrested a few days ago, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328606", "title": "Maths meta course at Jamia Milia Islamia University", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamia Milia Islamia University's academic council approved the mathematics-MCRC Meta University course recently. Jamia has collaborated with Delhi University on it. The post-graduate programme will bring together the disparate fields of mass communication (from Jamia's mass communication research centre) and mathematics (handled by DU).Though it's a tad late, Jamia registrar, Prof S M Sajid says they are hoping to launch the course by this month itself. There'll be 20 seats in the first year. Delhi University has also developed a tentative curriculum \u2014 the mass com classes (digital technology, development communication) will be held in Jamia and the maths ones in DU. Anyone who has studied at least two Maths papers in graduation, irrespective of the course, is eligible.The universities will conduct the admission test and admissions jointly. As the reservation policies of the two institutions differ widely, DU will govern the admissions into one half of the total number of seats and that of Jamia will be implemented for the other. It will be a two-year course, covering four semesters and on completion, the student will get a degree awarded jointly by DU and Jamia.Sajid promises an \"innovative\" course design. \"It won't be just maths but the concepts of maths applied to real-life situations. Students will have to undertake one project during the course. It can involve mathematical modeling for application in areas such as population-growth, poverty, migration and public health,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16329729", "title": "Centre to help preserve Arunachal culture", "text": "ITANAGAR: Chief minister Nabam Tuki, who called on Union minister for culture Kumari Selja in New Delhi recently, sought the ministry's assistance to give his cultural 'vision' a shape. Responding affirmatively, Selja accepted in principle to allocate funds for construction of cultural halls at all the district headquarters in the state, official sources said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "durgapuri", "code": "16330609", "title": "6 months on, no leads in theft case", "text": "DURGAPURI: Over six months have passed since thieves targeted Sukhdev Raj Sharmaa's Durgapuri residence and injured his wife Prem Lata seriously while fleeing with gold, cash and other valuables. But all efforts to send the accused behind bars have gone in vain.The police registered a case against the unidentified miscreants. But since then, cops have only been assuring they would nab the culprits soon. \"\"But six months have passed... and nothing has happened\"\", said Prem Lata, who was struck by the thieves with a knife on February 27.On the day of crime, two persons reportedly gained entry into the Sharma residence on the pretext of repairing cable TV wires.Once Prem Lata let them in, they reportedly threatened her with a knife, asking her to get them all the gold and cash that was there in the house.She said they struck her with the knife on the head and fled with 10 tola gold, Rs 15,000 cash, a camera and some government documents.Sharma retired as director from the department of seed farming at Punjab Agricultural University. He said he was relentlessly pursuing justice so that the criminals did not harm anybody else. \"\"I met many senior police officers after the theft and all of them assured justice. But there has hardly been any development in the case\"\", he said.Terrified after the incident, the couple got six CCTV cameras installed at their residence.Assistant commissioner of police (north) Swapan Sharma said they had been showing Prem Lata pictures of every snatcher or thief caught since then. \"\"We hope to arrest the accused soon\"\", he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328691", "title": "Botched liposuction kills PhD scholar", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 32-year-old Ph D scholar of JNTU, who had suffered a severe injury while undergoing liposuction at a private hospital, succumbed while undergoing treatment at a hospital in Secunderabad on Sunday night.The victim, S Narendra Kumar, of KPHB Colony was a Ph D scholar of the department of bio-technology in JNTU. Narendra had submitted his thesis and was waiting for viva voce. Recently, he even secured a job in Saudi Arabia and was planning to go there in a month's time. At about 7 pm, Narendra Kumar, who was undergoing treatment at KIMS hospital on Minister's Road, succumbed to injuries. Following his death, the Punjagutta police have altered the case to death due to medical negligence and shifted the body for a post-mortem to Gandhi Hospital.On Wednesday, Narendra got himself admitted to Akruti Cosmetic Surgery centre in Ameerpet to undergo liposuction. The doctors there performed the procedure the same day. \"During the surgery, the large intestine of Narendra got ruptured and, due to leakage of excreta, his kidneys, liver, pancreas and lungs got infected,\" L Saida Naik, assistant professor, department of biotechnology, JNTU, who followed up the case, told TOI. Hospital booked for botched surgeryAs his condition was deteriorating, Akruti staff shifted Narendra Kumar to Sai Vani Hospital in Lower Tank Bund on Friday. \"Even the doctors there said Narendra's condition was critical and advised the family to shift him to KIMS. As the Akruti management was trying to wash their hands off the case, Narendra's research guide professor M Lakshmi Narasu, some JNTU students and I staged a protest at Sri Vani hospital on Friday.Finally, Akruti management agreed to pay medical expenses and he was shifted to KIMS on Saturday after police intervened,\" Naik said.On Saturday, Narendra's father S Venkateswar Rao lodged a complaint against Akruti hospital's doctors at Punjagutta police station. Based on that, police booked a case under Section 337 (causing an injury by rash or negligent act)of the IPC against Akruti hospital management and Dr Nagaraju, who performed the surgery.\"The hospital staff claim that Narendra underwent surgery despite fully knowing the risk factor involved and they even claim to have taken an undertaking from the victim and his family members in this regard. After the death, the case has been altered to 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the IPC and the body was shifted to Gandhi Hospital,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Punjagutta, Venkata Narsaiah said. No arrests have been made yet.Police said that a team of doctors would conduct the post-mortem on Monday and the entire process will be videographed.\"We will seize medial records related to Narendra's case from all the three hospitals and send them to the Medical Council of India along with the complaint copy,\" the ACP said. No arrests have been made in the case .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333785", "title": "RGV\u2019s Bhoot Returns gets an \u2018A\u2019 certificate", "text": "The first look poster and a teaser have managed to generate quite a buzz for Ram Gopal Varma's upcoming 3D horror film Bhoot Returns, a sequel to his earlier hit Bhoot.Now its theatrical has got an 'A' certificate from CBFC which released in theaters with Raaz 3 .\"Since we have got an A certificate on our trailer. We are going to come with an appropriate version for the TV. However, one shouldn't forget that a horror genre movie gets an A certificate for its very theme and not necessarily for its gore factor,\" said RGV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330739", "title": "Leopard found dead near railway tracks at Eklahara", "text": "NASHIK: A two-and-a-half year old female leopard was found dead near the railway tracks behind the Godavari river bridge at Eklahara early in the morning on Sunday.The carcass was transported to Nashik and cremated at Nehru Udyan in the foothills of Pandavleni.The forest department said that the incident took place around 2am on Sunday after the leopard met with a railway accident. Around 8.30am, the railway security personnel, forest guard Uttam Patil, assistant commissioner of the veterinary polyclinic at Ashok Stambh, Sanjay Visawe, and forester Nilesh Akhade reached the spot. Akhade said that a post-mortem report revealed death due to a railway accident and of the carcass was done immediately. \"We did not find reveal any likelihood of the leopard being injury caused by a hunter. - and there were no traces of a hunter. The post-mortem revealed death due to railway accident. The post-mortem also revealed that the leopard was a female around two and a half years old. We brought the carcass immediately to Nehru Udyan at Nashik and cremated it in the presence of Range Forest Officer Rajan Gaikwad,\" said Akhade. 'The forest department has ruled out the possibility of foul play in the death of the leopard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16329599", "title": "One killed in Karimganj clash", "text": "Silchar: At least one person was killed and 15 others were wounded when two groups of people clashed at Nitaicherra village near Elakhargul under Badarpur block in Karimganj district on Sunday morning.A senior police officer in Badarpur said the clash erupted between Khasis and Bengali-speaking Muslims over alleged encroachment of land by the latter in the Khasi-dominated village, 40km from here.As per reports, on Sunday morning, a group of people armed with sharp weapons came to the Khasi-dominated Nitaicherra village, allegedly with an aim to encroach forest land. The Khasi villagers settled there reportedly fired several rounds of bullets from country-made guns at them from hill top.One person was killed on the spot while 15 others were injured in the clash. The deceased has been identified as Hussain Ahmed (22), a resident of Elakhargul village.Police from Badarpur and Karimganj soon rushed to the remote spot and dispersed the mob. Police and locals first helped the injured persons get admitted to Srigauri PHC and Karimganj civil hospital. However, all of them were later sent to Silchar Medical College and Hospital. The condition of three of the wounded is critical, hospital sources said.Hussain's body was taken to Karimganj civil hospital where an autopsy was done.Police have started investigation into the incident. However, there were no arrests till the time of filing of this report.The administration has deployed CRPF in the area.Badarpur PS circle inspector S Chauhan said they have earlier received complaints about encroachment of tribal-owned land by a section of local people in the area. Police had already started talks to resolve the issue, he added, when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328621", "title": "Ex-tenant kidnapped cop\u2019s kid, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A person was arrested for kidnapping a four-year-old daughter of a woman sub-inspector, police said. The kidnapper, Nageshwar Rai, held the child hostage for Rs 5 lakh ransom, and was finally nabbed from Andhra Pradesh, said a source.The incident took place on August 22 when the SI found her daughter missing from the school gate, police said. She immediately informed the police and an FIR was registered.During investigations it was revealed that the cop's tenant had also gone missing. Police analyzed the cellphone records of the tenant, Rai, and various police team were formed to crack the case.The victim SI lives in Aaya Nagar, south Delhi with her daughter as her husband had passed away in 2010. She had given a part of her house to Rai. However, he was asked to vacate the premises after he allegedly stole Rs 50,000 from her house.Rai reportedly went back to Andhra Pradesh after this incident but came back to Delhi on August 18 to seek revenge. He did a recce of the victim's movements and then kidnapped the child and boarded a train to Andhra Pradesh with her. Technical surveillance helped nab him on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16333367", "title": "India Against Corruption demands withdrawal of sedition charges against cartoonist Aseem Trivedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: India Against Corruption (IAC) on Monday condemned the arrest of political cartoonist Aseem Trivedi and demanded withdrawal of sedition charges.In a statement IAC said they supported freedom of expression and expressed \"anguish against a growing culture of intolerance for creative expression in the public domain.\"Supporting Trivedi the IAC said that the cartoonist had added his voice to public outcry against corruption. Some of his cartoons have been used by IAC. \"There can be two views about the content of some other cartoons put up by him on his website, or indeed about their appropriateness but these are matters to be judged by the public, and not by the police. In particular, the use of sedition law against Aseem Trivedi is blatantly illegal and portrays sign of a paranoid state that does not behove a mature democracy like India, \" the statement said.IAC members including Arvind Kejriwal said that this was not an isolated case and was an instance of \" regime of harassment of cartoonists and other artists. His harassment throws smacks of vendetta against anti-corruption movement.\" IAC demanded that Trivedi be unconditionally released and all charges against him dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328904", "title": "Repellants' sale on the rise", "text": "JAIPUR: In the wake of increasing cases of malaria, the sales of mosquito repellants have seen a sharp rise.According to city shopkeepers, the sales of repellants have gone up by nearly 50%.Besides repellants, the demand for liquid vaporizers, mats, coils and lotions have steadily increased over the past few days.\"The sale of mosquito repellants has gone up by almost 50% due to the fear of spread of malaria,\" said Girdhari Lal, a shopkeeper at Basant Vihar, Tonk Phatak.The health department's guidelines on precautions against malaria and other vector-borne diseases too have pushed the sales.An official said, \"Despite the state government's efforts, residents too should take precautions. They should check that water is not stagnant at rooftop or in utensils for a long time. They should wear full-sleeved garments and use mosquito repellants.\"But, in rural area of the Jaipur district a government doctor claimed that some of the villagers are poor and cannot afford mosquito repellant. Also, very few of them use mosquito nets to protect them from mosquitoes.The Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board prepared a report on climate change in which it mentioned that due to climate change the vector borne diseases would increase in the state. Recently, the Centre has also instructed the medical health and family welfare department for strengthening of surveillance in Jaipur and should be monitored at regular interval. The centre directed the department that malaria control activities in Jaipur, Udaipur, Bikaner, Sawai Madhopur, Ajmer has to be monitored regularly due to malaria death reported during 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329962", "title": "Army vice-chief to visit Rohtas on September 15, to meet ex-servicemen", "text": "PATNA: The vice-chief of Indian Army, Lt Gen S K Singh, who hails from Bihar, is reaching here on a two-day visit on September 15. He is likely to inaugurate an NCC camp at Raja Rajeshwari High School, Surajpura, in Rohtas district on September 15. Lt Gen Singh is a product of this school, having done his matriculation from there.He will also address a rally of ex-servicemen the same day at Surajpura. \"This will be the first time that NCC cadets would honour Lt Gen Singh and they will present an impressive parade before him,\" Bihar NCC officer said.According to Bihar Ex-Servicemen League president Col (retd) V K Singh, Lt Gen Singh has agreed to address a big meeting of ex-servicemen of Bihar the dame day at Surajpura. A medical camp would be set up for ex-servicemen on the occasion, where army doctors would examine them free of cost. Problems related to army canteen and other issues would also be resolved on the spot by Lt Gen Singh, he said. Bihar is second to Punjab in the matter of recruitment of jawans in Army.Disabled soldiers and widows/veterans will be honoured by Lt Gen Singh on this occasion, League president said. According to him, about 12 modified scooters costing about Rs 55,000 each will be handed over to the disabled persons of the Army belonging to Bihar Regiment. Besides, about 50 widows/veterans will be honoured on the occasion by the vice-chief in recognition of their services and commitment to duty, he said. The main attraction of the function will be a rare display of skills and courage on motorcycle by daredevils of the Bihar Signal regiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16329006", "title": "Monsoon to stay till September 15: Met department", "text": "JAIPUR: Monsoon continued to hit the state as many districts like Sirohi, Dungarpur, Bikaner and Sriganganagar received moderate to heavy rain on Sunday. According to the Met office in Jaipur, monsoon will stay in the state till September 15.Attributing the continued spell to low pressure in the northern parts of the country, the Met department said in its forecast that showers would remain active in the eastern and western parts of the state at least for a couple of days.In Jaipur, residents woke up amid a dense cloud cover for the fifth consecutive day. The city also witnessed a scattered rain of 3.1 mm. However, by afternoon, the clouds vanished and mercury shot up to 33.1 degrees Celsius. Coupled with a relative humidity of 92 cm, the atmosphere become sultry.Though rain continued in Sirohi, Udaipur, Banswara, Bikaner and Sriganganagar, the intensity was a bit low compared to Saturday when it wreaked havoc. A private bus carrying 40 passengers overturned while crossing a rain-fed river in Sirohi district on Saturday. All the trapped passengers were taken out safely by a disaster management team.In Udaipur, a youth who had gone to picnic with his family at Madar pond got drowned. \"He was identified as Iliyas Hussain (30) and his body was fished out almost an hour after the incident,\" said a police officer.The hill station of Mount Abu, despite being a Sunday, wore a deserted look due to rampant water-logging after rain. The road between Abu Road and Mount Abu got damaged at several places, which also discouraged many visiting the hill station.Gogunda and Kotada witnessed a maximum rain of 150 mm each, Anoopgarh and Bikaner 60 mm, Sriganganagar 50 mm while many other places in the state witnessed scattered rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330467", "title": "Bus turns turtle near Nalban, three injured", "text": "KOLKATA: Three persons were injured when a WBSTC bus coming from Rajarhat-New Town turned turtle near Nalban complex on the Salt Lake Bypass on Sunday afternoon. Police have seized the bus, but the driver and the conductor managed to flee from the spot.The accident occurred around 2:30pm. Eyewitnesses said that the bus was running at a high speed and the driver lost control near Nalban as the roads had turned slippery after the rains. Three of the passengers, including a woman, suffered injuries on the head, leg and waist and was rushed to NRS hospital. The rest of the passengers escaped with minor injuries.Last Saturday, a driver and conductor of an SBSTC bus were suspended after the transport department received complaints that they had asked all passengers to get off midway around 9:30pm on Friday. State transport minister Madan Mitra said they were keeping constant watch on such incidents of misbehaviour by drivers and conductors with the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328539", "title": "Kin held for murdering techie\u2019s wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have solved the case of murder of an engineer's wife in southwest Delhi, which had taken place three days ago. The engineer's brother-in-law, Surendra Kumar (35), was arrested on Sunday for strangling Divya (29) in a fit of rage after a heated argument, a source said. Kumar, a real estate businessman, was arrested from his house in Babarpur.Divya had a love marriage with Rajesh Kumar, who worked as a junior engineer with the electricity department. They stayed in Bindapur area of southwest Delhi and Rajesh went to Hari Nagar for work while their two children studied at a public school.The police found out that Kumar often visited Divya especially when no one was at home. The two shared a close relationship and met often, police said.A senior police officer said that on September 4, the accused visited Divya at her house where he had an argument with her. Divya, police sources said, wanted Kumar to go away from her life but the latter refused to.The argument turned violent and Kumar strangled Divya. A police source said that to escape arrest, Kumar used just his three fingers to choke Divya and even used a pillow to suffocate her.When Divya stopped showing any signs of life, he left her on the bed and staged a robbery scene by taking away cash and jewellery and fled the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16329382", "title": "SAIL plans to invest 95000crore in Jharkhand", "text": "BOKARO: Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) is planning to invest more than Rs 95,000 crore to expand and modernize various projects across the state, SAIL chairman C S Verma said on Sunday. Over the next decade, the steel major will expand its Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), set up new steel, power and urea plants in Sindri and increase mining activities across Jharkhand. The proposed investment, which will not be matched of corporate group, is expected to generate employment opportunities and make the state an industrial hub. \"The company is receiving full cooperation from the state and central government for its projects,\" said Verma.SAIL is all set to enhance its production capacity to 45 metric tones (MT) by 2020 and Jharkhand is a key state as it has four coal blocks, several iron ore mines and 4.59 MT capacity BSL plant. SAIL has also demanded more coal blocks from the Government of India, which is still awaited. Of the four coal blocks in state, three are operational while fourth one in Tasra will get operational soon.Verma said the company has initiated the process to increase BSL's capacity to 17.5 MT, which will cost Rs 60,000 crore. SAIL will also install a 5.6MT-capacity steel plant with an investment of Rs 25,000 crore in Sindri. A 1000-MW power plant will also be built in the town along with a 1.1MT urea plant there. \"All the three projects will cost an estimated Rs 35,000 crore,\" he said. He added that increasing steel production by 1 MT requires an investment of Rs 5000 crore and directly generates at least 1,000 jobs.Verma added that BSL is one of the few SAIL units that has adequate land and is ideal for expansion. Although there is a problem of displacement of locals, SAIL management is trying to solve the related issues. \"SAIL has provided jobs to many displaced persons, but there are still new demands. We are assessing whether these new demands for job are of genuinely affected persons\".SAIL is also planning to build a medical college in the state. The 910-bedded Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) will be converted to a medical college. The process is on and initial clearances have been received and it will take another two years before the institution to start operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329175", "title": "More rains likely over next two days: Met department", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennaiites experienced a pleasant weather on Sunday. Met department officials predicted rains and thundershowers within next two days. Y E A Raj, deputy director general of India Meteorological Centre, said: \"There are some rain clouds over Andhra Pradesh region. There is possibilities of rains in the city in the next one or two days. The weather will again become dry after three-four days.\"On Sunday, the weather observatory in Nungambakkam and Meenambakkam recorded 31.6C and 31.5C, respectively. Met officials said it was 30.3C and 31.5C on Saturday. Met office predicted maximum temperature would be around 33C on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16334769", "title": "Cash-at-judge's door scam: SC refuses to quash trial against Nirmal Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to quash criminal proceeding against former Punjab and Haryana high court judge Nirmal Yadav in the 2008 cash-at-judge's door scam.A bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad, however, allowed Yadav to raise all her objections before the trial court and asked the lower court to decide the case against her without being influenced by the high court's verdict allowing her criminal prosecution.Senior advocate K T S Tulsi, appearing for the former judge, said she was not provided with the material on the basis of which the high court had decided the case against her.Yadav has moved the apex court challenging the Punjab and Haryana high court's order dismissing her plea contesting grant of sanction for her prosecution in the case.In her petition in the high court, Yadav had sought quashing of the chargesheet filed by CBI against her alleging that Chief Justice S H Kapadia had no power to recommend sanction to prosecute her as it was denied by the previous CJI K G Balakrishnan.The high court, while dismissing her plea on November 14 last year, had said that former CJI Balakrishnan had not passed any order declining the prosecution sanction and records confirmed that Justice Kapadia had examined the question of sanction against her for the first time.The Punjab and Haryana high court was rocked by the controversy after a sum of Rs 15 lakh was delivered at the residence of Justice Nirmaljit Kaur, another judge of the high court, on August 13, 2008, following which she reported the matter to Chandigarh Police.The money, allegedly meant for Yadav, was said to have been delivered to Kaur due to confusion over their names.Yadav in her plea has denied the allegation that the money was meant for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332332", "title": "Panic at box-office over theatre strike", "text": "Single screens to stay shut from October 12 affecting the revenue of films lined up for release around the festive seasonEven as single screen theatre owners refuse to budge from their decision of going on strike October 12 onward, filmmakers, especially those whose projects are lined up for release in the next three to four weeks have hit the panic button.The strike assumes larger significance because multiplexes help filmmakers get revenue only in the first few days of the film. Single screens carry the story forward. Explained trade analyst Taran Adarsh, \"The longevity of the film is only from single screens, where it runs for several weeks.\"The theatre owners are on the war path for two reasons. The first being the excessively high entertainment tax they are forced to pay. R V Vidhani, President of Cinema Owners and Exhibitors Association India (COEAI) told us: \"We have issued an ultimatum to the government. Considering the high amount of taxes we pay and modest ticket rates, how can every single screen owner earn substantial revenue and survive?\"Echoing similar sentiments, Nitin Datar, VP of COEAI said, \"We need to be given concessions immediately. The taxes add up to 56 per cent. Novelty, Swastik, Naaz, Minerva, Ganga-Jamuna and many other single screens in Mumbai have closed down. Is this a healthy trend?\"The single-screen theatre owners' second demand is perhaps the bigger one. The Maharashtra government is not allowing a 'change of user', which according to Vidhani is grossly unfair. \"If I am a doctor and I have a clinic, is it necessary that my son or daughter should also be a doctor and run the same clinic? Why can't I dispose of that clinic? The single screens that are doing well can continue but those that are not reserve the right to shut down and move on. How can you force somebody to keep a property just like that?\"While the makers of Aiyyaa and Son of Sardaar refused to comment on the matter, Prakash Jha, whose Chakravyuh , hits theatres on October 24, told us, \"I cannot change the release date of my film as we book films in advance, keeping in mind the festivals and competition. Single screens are important for my film. I wish single screens don't go on strike. Steps should be taken to avert it.\"The big film release around 20 days before the strike is Madhur Bhandarkar and UTV Motion Pictures' Heroine. Said an anxious Bhandarkar, \"An amicable solution should be reached immediately. The strike will definitely affect collections. It is bad for us filmmakers. Also, with the strike, you are depriving the middle class and the lower middle class from their entertainment staple.\"Added Adarsh, \"Some single screen theatres are indeed bleeding but their strike will have an adverse effect on the films lined up for release in October and November. A case in point would be Aiyyaa, which is the story of a Maharashtrian girl. Not only distributors but also producers of films lined up around October 12 will suffer as the rentals in single screens are lesser and the returns for the distributors and makers are more.\"Leading distributor Ramesh Sippy said, \"It is impossible to predict how much a film will lose in terms of revenue if single screens stick to their stand. Approximately, on an all-India basis, it could be anywhere between five-eight per cent on an average. This figure might look small on paper but if you take the smaller films into consideration, this figure is really big. A small-budget film cannot afford to lose even Rs 1 crore.\"For instance, Shamim Desai's film Rush, produced by Percept Pictures MD Shailendra Singh, is scheduled for an October 26 release. Said Singh, \"I wouldn't call Rush a small film but yes, we would need single screens to a large extent. And I just have a gut feeling that the issues will be settled in due course.\"However, single screen owners are in no mood to relent, irrespective of what the filmmakers feel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330736", "title": "Car stolen from parking lot of housing society", "text": "A car worth Rs 2.5 lakh was reported stolen on Saturday. According to the police, the car belongs to Dattatray Bigade, who is a resident of Pumping Station. The robbery took place last week, but was reported only on Saturday. The complainant said that unidentified persons stole his vehicle when it was parked within the parking lot of Venukattam Housing Society, near Pumping Station. The complaint has been lodged with Sarkarwada police, who are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "story", "code": "16332904", "title": "Run Baby Run", "text": "Story: The film depicts the true face of media war and how two professionals unite to expose an evil politician.Movie Review: In a film that is driven by a flimsy narrative and lavished with twists that look as contrived as the romance between a young reporter and a senior cameraman, the lone relief is the sense of ease Mohanlal brings to his character. He plays Venu, a feted cameraman, who is rented by big channels for a whopping remuneration. His joyous self is further enlivened by the presence of his friend played by Biju Menon. Joshiey's craft salvages an otherwise weak plot. Amala Paul has to look good and she is true to her task throughout the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "berhampore", "code": "16330607", "title": "Rape victim molested by official during probe", "text": "BERHAMPORE: A juvenile justice official, who was supposed to provide justice and protect a rape victim, turned the tormentor. Malay Shankar Aich, district juvenile probation officer, was arrested on Sunday after the 14-year-old girl complained of sexual harassment against him.The Class-VIII student from Choan village under Hariharpara police station was allegedly raped by a 17-year-old about a month ago. Since both the victim and the accused are minors, the district juvenile justice board was asked to probe the matter. Aich, in his fifties, was entrusted with the job.Aich had visited the girl's place quite a few times in the past two weeks on the pretext of probing the case. Sources said that every time he had asked all the members of the girl's family to go out of the house, except the victim. \"Pretending to be sympathetic to the girl, he would try his tricks and prowl on the girl. As gullible villagers, the girl and her family members initially thought that this was a way of probing the case,\" said sources. The accused had also called the girl to his office several times and allegedly molested her there.After undergoing the trauma several times, the girl realized that Aich was taking advantage of the situation. During the probe on Friday, Aich had sent everyone out of the house. This time, the girl didn't give in and refused to go inside the room where the official was sitting. When the girl refused to meet Aich in the room, he left the house and allegedly threatened to turn the case against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335845", "title": "Traumatised Disha aka Pankhuri of Pyaar Ka Dard...", "text": "Disha aka Pankhuri Gupta of Star Plus' 'Pyaar Ka Dard Meetha Meetha' is very traumatized these days.While you all might think that the reason for her trauma is Aditya's (Nakuul Mehta) mother Avantika but strangely that's not the case. Recently Pankhuri aka Disha had a back to back marathon of horror movies at her place with her friends being completely unaware of the after effects. The actress got so scared after the session that she would refuse to stay any where alone on the set. But the worst came when Nakuul Mehta aka Aditya learnt about the incident and decided to play a prank on his co-actress. The prank scared her so much that she ran out of the set screaming bhooth bhooth !When contacted Disha, she laughed and confirmed, \"Yes I was very much scared to be left alone be on the set or in my room. I would always ensure there was someone with me every time but thanks to Nakuul's prank it actually helped me get over my fear and now I am no more traumatized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328788", "title": "Gujarat's thirst finally quenched", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The rain god has finally blessed Gujarat with continuous spell of showers since September 3. Till Sunday, the state had received 61% of its rainfall quota. The maximum rains were recorded in Kutch region in the last 24 hours with 14 mm rainfall followed by Saurashtra which received 12 mm rains. North Gujarat received an average of 9 mm rainfall.The state disaster management authority said the north, east and central Gujarat had received 72% of rain this season, while Kutch and Saurashtra lagged behind with 37% and 42% respectively. The rest of Gujarat, which recently faced a drought like situation, has received fairly enough rainfall.The state data also reveals that only out of 255 talukas, 10 have received 100% or more rainfall. The highest percentage was recorded by Kadana taluka with 157% rains and Morva Hadaf with 131% rains. Both of these talukas are in Panchmahal districts. Other talukas with more than 100% are Garbada and Fatehpura in Dahold district, Idar and Khedbrahma in Sabarkantha district, Khambat, Dantiwada and Bayad.On the flipside, three of the rain deficient talukas are Bhuj (11% rains), Porbander (16% rains) and Mundra (18.27% rains). \"Saurashtra and some parts of Kutch are still a worry for us. We hope that these regions receive enough rains in the coming days,\" said a state agriculture department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330966", "title": "Not a distant choice", "text": "From degree programmes to vocational courses, distance education is becoming an academic choice in India. Jude Sannith S reports.When the Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) Act came into effect in 1985, its primary focus was to provide open and distance education to the marginalised sections of society. In fact, the Act heralded the country's first serious attempt towards quality distance education. Almost 27 years later, Ignou has an enrolment of over 3.5 million students.What has also changed in these two decades is the nation's approach towards distance education - from a need-based , degree-earning enrolment to an academic option that helps you retain your job, while still managing to boost your academic profile.\"Given the fact that the economy today isn't quite at its best, a distance education course could certainly come in handy,\" says Chennai-based career counsellor, Kalavathi Amarachelvam. However , Amarachelvam points out that curriculum-wise there's a long way to go before such courses - especially in state-run universities - achieve the desired standard. Himanshu Aggarwal , CEO of Delhi-based employability evaluation firm, Aspiring Minds, believes that quality in distance education varies from university to university. \"Certain courses from premier universities have credibility and value ,\" he says.Popular choiceWhich are the distance education programmes that have seen an increased popularity in the recent past? \"Management programmes are more or less always in demand,\" says Anurag Agarwal, business development head of Noidabased e-learning company, iProf, testifying to the now-common practice of employees pursuing management programmes in the pursuit of managerial positions at the workplace.\"In state-run universities like the University of Madras or Bombay University, some of the more conventional courses like history, economics, botany, zoology, physics and political sciences, continue to be in demand. \"Master's programmes in computer applications are also in vogue,\" adds Anurag, \"However, irrespective of the course, the curriculum and credibility of the degree needs to take priority.\"One of the major setbacks of distance education programmes, as Himanshu points out, is the lack of organised employment opportunities . \"In fact, in an attempt to bridge this gap, we collaborated with Ignou recently,\" he says.Though it has to be acknowledged that distance education has come a long way, there are issues that need to be addressed , according to P Ramani, founding-dean , School of Education , Sastra University, Tanjore.\"From a student's perspective , it is important to differentiate between distance education and a mere correspondence course.\" he says, adding that distance education is instruction that provides a wholesome approach to education - through contact classes and multimedia teaching methods - albeit at a geographical distance. However, certain universities , although advised by UGC, have fallen short of providing quality distance education . Ramani believes that this has reduced their courses to mere correspondence programmes. \"But that's exactly what is going to change in the near future,\" points out Col Dr G Thiruvasagam , vice-chancellor , University of Madras, \"In fact, the University of Madras has taken the lead in making attendance of contact classes compulsory.\" Despite concerns for its quality, the fact remains that distance education and open universities are critical to the current Indian educational framework. \"When you consider the fact that the National Knowledge Commission has pointed out that India needs three times more the number of colleges than it already has - which today, stands at 32,000 - you realise the role that open universities play in providing education to the masses,\" says Thiruvasagam.Degree's worthThe debate about distance education , more often than not, boils down to whether a distance course can match a regular Master's . \"Distance education can do a lot of justice in the eyes of a corporate enterprise by offering niche, vocational programmes, which focus on specific skillsets ,\" says Himanshu. However, as Mohit Gundecha, co-founder of Pune-based Yournextleap.com (a portal that helps students with making career choices) points out, \"Pursuing a regular programme has advantages that go beyond mere textbook content.\"He adds, \"You get the opportunity to network and make the right contacts when you attend college - an opportunity that distance education doesn't provide.\"The usefulness of a distance programme, according to experts, also needs to be contemplated on before enrolment. \"A working professional who plans on pursuing higher education needs to answer a few questions first,\" says Himanshu, adding, \"Do you plan on broadening your horizons by way of a career shift? If yes, pursue a full-time programme. However , if progress in your current career graph is what you are looking at, a distance programme is a good option.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330478", "title": "Govt joins project to protect lake", "text": "KOLKATA: Santragachi jheel, which was cleaned up last year by locals and NGOs after TOI reported of its pitiable condition, has finally drawn the attention of the state environment department. The latter has now joined hands with Nature Mates Nature Club, an NGO, and the Institute of Wetland Management and Ecological Design to start off a project to conserve and protect the lake.\"We are planning to start off with the project as soon as possible, preferably before the onset of winter. According to initial estimates, around Rs 30 lakh will be required for the project. The detail project report has been prepared and work can start off as soon as we can get the funds,\" said a senior environment department official.Officials said that not only will the bio-diversity and bird habitat of the lake be conserved, the water will be regularly cleaned for three years. The surrounding sewerage and drainage system will also be revamped and the trees surrounding it will be protected.The lake, which is one of the prime waterbodies located near the city, attracts several migratory birds during winter. Spreading over 1,375,000 square feet, the jheel attracts over 4,000 migratory winter birds like Whistling Ducks, Ferruginous Pochards, Comb Ducks and Northern Pintails between December and February.Last year, TOI had run a campaign highlighting the pathetic condition of the lake, which was full of hyacinth due to lack of upkeep and its condition was steadily deteriorating. The authorities who were responsible for its upkeep and maintenance did not clean the water. Several NGOs and even a few corporate houses had also come forward to clean up the hyacinth, just about in time before the arrival of the birds.\"The condition of the lake is in a presentable condition now for migratory birds to come in,\" said Mudar Patherya, an environment activist who had also done his bit last year to clean up the lake.\"After we had cleaned up the lake last year, we had come up with a proposal to draw up a chart and gather information on the migratory birds that flock to the jheel. For instance, we have no idea where the birds are going or, say, what is the similarity of the Santragachi jheel with other waterbodies. The plan also includes protecting the trees surrounding the lake,\" said Arjan Basu Roy, secretary of Nature Mates Nature Club.Apart from conserving the biodiversity of Santragchi jheel, the environment department is also working to protect the East Kolkata wetlands. A draft policy on wetland preservation has been framed and has been submitted to the department for it to come up with a final wetland preservation policy. The draft policy mentions the need to have a state wetland act that will help the authorities to have a proper direction to save and protect the wetlands.Senior environment department officers held a meeting with finance department officials recently, asking the latter to release about Rs 13 crore for various projects and administrative upkeep, including developing the wetlands and conserving its biodiversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330262", "title": "Locals blame it on Lesa apathy", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 10-year-old boy was electrocuted in Indiranagar on Sunday, Blaming local power employees' apathy for the tragedy, local residents said the wire had been broken and dangling for the past two days but no power official took note of it until the tragic accident took place.The electrocution was so severe that the wire got stuck to the body of the boy and had to be cut to free him. The incident left the local residents seething with anger and they accused the officials of Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) of grave callousness. \"We have been telling them about the poor state of affairs for the past few days. But they never bothered to come and see for themselves,'' said Pravin, a resident of the area.The Lesa sources confirmed that the quality of the GI wire was not up to the mark. However, they claimed that the pole did not belong to the power department and had been installed by the District Urban Development Authority (Duda). \"Nevertheless, Lesa's junior engineer or linemen could have at least informed the authorities concerned for rectification of the fault,'' a local said.Madhyanchal chief engineer KB Ram said they have sought a report from the sub-division concerned. \"The report will be sent to the directorate of safety after which an enquiry will be conducted accordingly,'' he said, while speaking to TOI. This is the third incident within a span of two months wherein a person died due to negligence on the part of the authorities. In July, a person was electrocuted when he came in contact with a wire while trying to enter a police post in Aliganj to save himself from heavy showers.The same month, a six-year-old girl in Jai Prakash Nagar died after she touched an earth wire that had current flowing through it and was attached to a pole. Data available with the directorate of safety too indicates that the number of people getting electrocuted is on the rise. In the past couple of years, cases of electrocution have registered a rise of around 40 to 50%, sources said.The electrocution was so severe that the wire got stuck to the body of the boy and had to be cut to free him. The incident left the local residents seething with anger and they accused the officials of Lesa of grave callousness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334405", "title": "Sudeep denies doing Sholay remake", "text": "Denying reports that Darshan will be doing the Kannada remake of Ramesh Sippy directed Hindi block buster 'Sholay' with him, Kiccha Sudeep says that the news circulated in a section of media is baseless and fabricated.\"I am surprised with such news. I would like to tell all my fans that we ever do a film together it would be an original script.\"Sudeep also reverted to twitter to deny the same.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16332721", "title": "Kolkata clubs declare war on dengue", "text": "KOLKATA: Dengue claimed three more lives in Kolkata on Sunday. The latest victim was Ranjit Haldar a young soccer player. The footballer from Sodepur had tested positive to dengue five days ago.Even as the state health department's website maintains that dengue has claimed just five lives in Kolkata this year, more than 19 persons who have died in different hospitals in the past couple of weeks in city had tested positive to dengue. Till Sunday out of the total 3347 affected by dengue in the state, 2247 was in Kolkata itself.This ongoing dengue menace has put the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) under severe criticism from different quarters. Even Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee herself had conceded that the civic body had not taken up enough preventive measures well in time. As the civic body struggles to deal with the dengue onslaught, local clubs and organisations have taken upon themselves to combat spread of dengue further.Areas like New Alipore and Behala saw a flurry of dengue awareness and prevetive activities on Saturday. Spearheading the campaign was Palli Asar Sporting Club. The club had roped in school children, local youths and NGOs for the drive, Leaflets and other educational materials on the vector borne disease were distributed to the local people.Instead of waiting for civic body to do the preventive measures, volunteers of the club took it upon themselves to sanitize the area by spreading chemicals to contain mosquito breeding around the locality. Such initiative in the time was crisis was a relief for the civic body. KMC deputy mayor Farzana Alam flagged off the campaign.\"It was an initiative to to combat dengue and malaria. A large number of school children, NGOs and other organisations turned up for this cause,\" said Satnam Ahluwalia, convener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16332677", "title": "'No service charge levied on cancelled unconfirmed train e-tickets'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) does not levy any charges on cancellation of e- tickets on account of non-confirmation.This information was given by the Minister of State for Railways K H Muniyappa in a written reply to a question in Lok Sabha recently. A nominal service charge of Rs 10 per PNR for e-ticket issued for Sleeper and reserved Second Sitting (2S) and Rs 20/- per PNR for e-tickets in other classes is charged.The service charge realized is used to meet Administrative cost, Maintenance cost of IT hardware and software, technical manpower costs of service providers, recurring expenditure like rent, electricity charges, internet bandwidth charges, cost for investments in capacity enhancement and also replacement of obsolete IT equipments etc.He informed, \"The earnings from service charge on booking of e-tickets through IRCTC website during financial year 2011-12 was Rs. 147.57 crore.\"The component of safety surcharge on passenger traffic was discontinued with effect from April 1, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16329001", "title": "Army, DRDO test Pinaka rocket system in Pokhran", "text": "JAISALMER: The development trials of Pinaka multi-barrel rocket launcher system has begun at the Chandan firing range in Pokhran on Sunday. Officials of DRDO and Army, who are conducting the trials, said the tests would continue for the next two days.Pinaka, a state-of-the-art weapon system for destroying areas of enemy troop concentration, communication centres, air terminal complexes, gun/rocket locations etc, has been developed by DRDO. High operational mobility, flexibility and accuracy are the major characteristics, which give the weapon system an edge in modern artillery warfare.\"The rocket system is meant to neutralise a large geographical area with rapid firing of rockets. With a strike range of 40 km, Pinaka could fire a salvo of 12 rockets in 44 seconds. It was also put into field testing for assessing its capability during the Kargil conflict,\" said an Army officer.\"The ongoing trials at Pokhran field firing range in western Rajasthan by Army and scientists from Defence Research and Development Organisation was for advanced stage of development of the weapon system,\" said Ravi Gupta, DRDO spokesperson.The trials will continue and the weapon is expected to enter service this year, he added.\"Its quick reaction time and high rate of fire give it an edge to the army during low-intensity war. The system's capability to incorporate several types of warheads makes it deadly for the enemy,\" said defence spokesperson S D Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329023", "title": "Man arrested with brown sugar worth Rs 22,000", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police on Saturday arrested a criminal on police records from Lohiyanagar and seized 66 gms of brown sugar worth Rs 22,000 from his residence.The police have identified the suspect as Mahadev Kinchak Misal of Lohiyanagar. Misal, who was sentenced to life imprisonment in a murder case, was released on bail around six months back.Police inspector of the Khadak police station Rajendra Kadam said that police constables Ajay Thorat and Amol Pawar had received a tip-off that Misal had brown sugar at his residence in Lohiyanagar. \"We raided his house and seized 66 gms of brown sugar worth Rs 22,000 and Rs 1,240 cash,\" he said.Kadam said that on May 19, 2005, Misal had killed the three-year-old daughter of his paramour. He was given life term by the district and sessions court. Misal had appealed in the high court against the decision. He was released on bail around six months back. \"We suspect that since then, he was involved in peddling drugs in Lohiyanagar,\" he said.Misal was produced before the court on Sunday and remanded to police custody till September 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334648", "title": "Taliban vows to make best efforts to kill Prince Harry", "text": "Describing Prince Harry as 'a high value target', the Taliban has said they will 'make their best efforts to arrest or kill' him .Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said that 'whoever is fighting in our country alongside the US is our enemy and we will attack him'\"Prince Harry came to Afghanistan and he is a high value target for us. We will try to arrest him,\" Sky News quoted Mujahid, as saying.\"Because he is an Apache helicopter pilot, he will target us more. If we are not able to arrest him we will target him.The Taliban will make their best efforts to arrest or kill Prince Harry,\" he added.Prince Harry will soon start missions against Taliban fighters after arriving in Afghanistan last week for a four-month tour of duty as an Apache attack helicopter pilot.According to the paper, he has completed training in first aid and roadside bomb awareness and will now begin preparations for his first missions with 622 Sqn, 3 Regiment Army Air Corps.The Prince will also be eligible for the 200 pounds a week operational bonus paid to troops in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333485", "title": "Ramesh Aravind turns 47 today", "text": "It's a day with fans, friends and family for Kannada film star Ramesh Aravind who turns 47 today.The actor-director, who has recently turned author, believes there should be no limits to creativity. In a career that's fast approaching the 25 year mark, this engineer has seen himself through the glamour world - first as the quintessential drama king, and then as the ace of comedy, which also saw him turn director. Ramesh's transition from the big screen to the small screen only sealed his place as one Bangalore's most popular faces of our times.A technology freak and an avid reader himself, news about Ramesh turning author, only days before his birthday, hardly comes as a surprise to those who have known of the actor. His debut, It's No F_N Without U, only gives you a 160-page glimpse of the kind of talent still waiting to surface. In the book, Ramesh talks about life in general - elaborating on his own experiences within and from outside the film industry. Some of the popular chapters include Ramesh's association with some of the other bigwigs of Indian cinema - the late Dr Vishnuvardhan, Tamil superstars Rajinikant and Kamal Haasan etc.Readers have already been posting reviews on what they call 'a fun read', which Ramesh supplements with illustrations too.Incidentally, Ramesh turning author has also inspired others to write books on this actor who people consider to be one of the nicest gentlemen in the Kannada film industry, probably even the south Indian film industry. Until we get to read more through these ventures, wish Ramesh yet another creative year ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16331978", "title": "Row over UGC secretary\u2019s appointment continues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Appointment of secretary in the University Grants Commission (UGC) has turned into a full-fledged battle with the HRD ministry, with a section of UGC on one side and a few members and aggrieved candidates on the other.At least two members of the UGC are likely to protest on Monday against the manner in which appointments were being made disregarding all rules. After the full commission of the UGC refused to approve Akhilesh Gupta as secretary on the ground that due process - presence of a minority member in the interview panel -- was not followed, a meeting of the UGC has been called on Monday, at the behest of the ministry, to plug the deficiency in such a way that the final selection remains unchanged.Meanwhile, two of the candidates have taken legal recourse. An SC candidate belonging to central services has sent a legal notice to the UGC and the ministry alleging bias in the short-listing and selection process. Another candidate, who was shortlisted, has approached National Commission for Minorities alleging that due process as laid out by the department of personnel &amp; training was not followed and the meeting on Monday was an attempt by the ministry and UGC to approve Gupta's appointment at any cost.It has also been pointed out that one member of the screening committee was also part of the selection committee, a norm that is generally avoided. Also, the selection committee did the job of screening as it was given more than 40 names out of which six were selected.A UGC member said re-advertisement would take a long time and the entire process would get delayed, therefore some way had to be found. But sources in the commission questioned how the previous decision of not approving Gupta's name could be changed.\"Minutes of the last meeting have not even been confirmed. On what basis is the new decision being taken,\" he asked, adding \"I am going to demand scrapping of the entire process. What is the hurry? UGC has been without a regular secretary for five years. The ministry is forcing the UGC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328764", "title": "\u2018Doctors can be guilty of negligence even if it is not life-threatening\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Commission has observed that doctors can be held guilty of medical negligence even if it does not spell life-threatening but reasonable degree of care is not taken while deciding on a line of treatment or treating a patient.The commission ruled this after a Delhi-based woman had to undergo a third surgery in Mumbai, as a doctor found that a gauze mop had been left in her abdomen following two surgeries. Those operations were done in Delhi. Seventeen years after the first surgery, the doctors responsible have been ordered to pay the woman Rs 50,000 as compensation.In her complaint before the State Consumer Disputes Commission, Kamla Devi said that on November 13, 1995, she was hospitalized with abdominal pain and vomiting. She was under the treatment of Dr R K Jain and Dr S Mehta. Even after her surgery, she continued to be in severe pain and on Dr Jain's advice, she was re-admitted to the hospital, the complaint stated. This time, Kamla was operated upon for a burst abdomen and discharged on December 4, 1995.Following the second surgery, Kamla's condition reportedly deteriorated. She again visited the hospital and Dr Jain advised another surgery. But on the advice of her relatives, she came to Mumbai in January 1996 and was admitted to a hospital, where it was found that she had a gauze mop in her operated wound, which had become infected. During the third surgery, the mop was removed. After she was discharged from hospital, Kamla lodged a complaint before the state panel for the pain and agony she suffered due to Dr Jain and Dr Mehta's rash and negligent act. She also lodged a criminal case, which is pending.Denying the allegation, the doctors and hospital said the presence of a foreign body in the abdomen was false because an x-ray following the first surgery did not show any abnormality. It was further contended that there was a possibility that the lapse could have occurred in another hospital where she went for treatment. The state commission, however, held the doctors and the hospital guilty in 2007.Aggrieved, the doctors filed an appeal in the national commission, which too refused to accept the doctors' version. The panel said Kamla had a point when she contended that had she indeed visited another hospital, she would have told the Mumbai doctor about it. Referring to the doctors' argument that it did not risk Kamla's life or health, the commission cited Supreme Court judgments. In a similar case, the SC had concluded it indicated that reasonable degree of care was not taken and so it amounted to medical negligence. \"We conclude that the appellants are guilty of medical negligence and deficiency in service and uphold the order of the state commission,\" the commission said.Two doctors in Delhi have been asked to pay a woman Rs 50,000 as compensation after it was found that they had left behind in her abdomen a gauze mop during a surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16330045", "title": "Trichy residents reel under power cuts", "text": "TRICHY: Unscheduled power cuts between midnight and early morning have been giving sleepless nights to people in Trichy for the past one week. With reports that the power situation would further worsen by the end of September due to the stoppage of windmill power generation, residents are bracing themselves for tough days ahead.With the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) not being able to provide uninterrupted power supply during the night time, people residing in rural parts of the districts have been suffering in silence, while those in the city limits are affected whenever the windmill power generation touches a low. As the power generation has been inconsistent in the past one week, all of them have been experiencing a power cut for more than six hours a day, including a three hour cut between midnight and early morning.\"We could not get a good night's sleep after a hard day of work, due to the power cut at night. Even our children are suffering a lot and inadequate sleep also results in poor performance at school,\" laments a resident A Selvam of KK Nagar. Even though many residents have inverters, they are no longer useful as there is not enough power supply to charge the batteries.With sufficient power supply (average 1250 mw for Trichy region) by means of windmill power generation, the power situation was a marginally better since May 2012. Hence, many restrictions including compulsory power holidays announced by the government for small industries were also lifted as the power generations from Sengottai pass, Aralvoimozhi pass, Coimbatore pass and Palghat pass were consistent. However, the situation was back to square one in the last week of July as the wind power generation declined. At present, the condition had deteriorated further as the other modes of power generation in the state are yet to commence.M Sekaran of the consumer grievance redressal forum , Trichy said, \"All the people in the state should shoulder the problem of the power crisis. People in Chennai have power cuts for only one hour per day, while people in other parts of the state suffer a great deal. This should be changed.\"\"Power generation through windmills has been inconsistent of late. It touches 3000 MW sometimes and plunges to 300 MW in a few hours in a single day. Trichy region consisting of eight districts has a demand of 1500 MW. Moreover, the small industries function in the night time. Hence, the power interruption at night is unavoidable at this juncture,\" said P Anna Durai, chief engineer of TNEB, Trichy region.TNEB sources said that the early commissioning of some pending power generation projects like the fourth unit in Mettur, NTPC and TNEB plants in North Chennai and the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) would solve the problem. Otherwise, the people would have to face a greater inconvenience from the end of September or mid-October when the windmill power generation would further come down, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334814", "title": "Priyanka Chopra keeps it special for Indians", "text": "Actress Priyanka Chopra is all set for her upcoming inaugural single as a singer.Priyanka who will launch her music single and join the bandwagon of singers, has made a special request to NFL guys to show the song in India 4-5 hours earlier as she is an Indian.This decision was taken two days back at the Universal Music Label office as they felt if not the release, it could show case it to the people through media, considering PC as a recognized Indian artiste.The National Football League (NFL) will remain the real location, encompassing the launch of her first music single and her as an artiste, representing India Internationally. The ceremony kept for her Indian audience is to be considered as a token ceremony.Piggy Chops always wanted India to be the first one to get a glimpse of her \"In My City\" music, and hence requested the team. She ensured this token ceremony, especially for her endearing fan followers!The actress who is currently juggling between her Barfi! promotions and her music single launch still manages to keep it special for her Indians audience, where she was recognized.Listen to Priyanka's song 'In My City' on gaana.comInternationally singles get launched first and over a period of time an artiste launches their album. Priyanka's debut single \"In My City,' featuring will.i.am and produced by Red One ( Lady Gaga ) and Brian Kennedy will be the music bed for the intro to Thursday Night Kickoff of NFL. NFL kicks off on September 13th with a video featuring Priyanka and this song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16329538", "title": "Drill to check anti-terror preparedness of cops soon", "text": "VARANASI: After anti-riot drills, the city will witness another drill by the police to check preparedness of forces to foil terrorist groups.The city had been repeatedly attacked by terrorists since 2005. After every attack, the police and the public show alertness in keeping vigil on suspected persons and activities for some time. But after a few months, the exercises are forgotten. Keeping the ground realities in view, SSP BD Paulson has prepared an action plan to conduct mock drills to check the alertness of the police, local residents and especially the roadside petty vendors.Paulson told TOI that these drills would take place in busy markets and places of public gathering. Apart from civil police, supporting teams like bomb disposal squad, dog and anti-sabotage squads would also take part in the drill. The senior cops are denying of having any specific input by the Intelligence Bureau or any other agency regarding the possibility of terrorist attack. But, as the anniversary day of Batla House encounter (September 19) is drawing closer and bid to fan communal tension has also been made in recent past, the senior cops are not taking risk.The cluelessness of investigating agencies regarding the modules who executed the destructive plans in past six or seven year is also a cause of worry. Whether it is coincidence or the trend set by the terrorist groups, the blasts have taken place on an interval of two years. The last terrorist blast had taken place at Dashaswamedh Ghat on December 8. This trend is also compelling the officials to show extra alertness in the city as the recent Pune blasts has proved that the terror modules are still active in the country. Paulson admitted that the proposed drills have been planned by keeping all these facts and past incidents in view.The series of terrorist attacks started in this city from February 23, 2005 when first killer blast had taken place at Dashaswamedh Ghat. The involvement of any terrorist group came to light for the first time after March 7, 2006 serial blasts when the investigating agencies succeeded in nabbing HUJI mastermind Waliullah from Phoolpur. After this incident, Shramjivi blast took place in July 2006 near Harpalganj in Jaunpur district. Indian Mujahidin took over HUJI in this region and executed the plans of destruction on November 23, 2007 (Kutchehri blasts) and on December 7, 2010 when they exploded a bomb at old Dashaswamedh Ghat. However, no agency could collect prior intelligence inputs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "credits  film", "code": "16335382", "title": "Kranthi Veera Sangolli Rayanna", "text": "Credits  Film: Kranthi Veera Sangolli RayannaDirector: NagannaCast: Darshan, Nikitha, Jayaprada, ShashikumarBanner: Anand AppugolReleasing Date: 21 September, 2012SynopsisThe film is a historical drama based on the life of Sangolli Rayanna, a prominent freedom fighter from Karnataka. He was the army chief of the kingdom of Kittur ruled by Rani Chennamma and fought the British till his breath.Rayanna, born in the small village Sangolli, belonged to the Kuruba Gowda/ Dhangar warrior caste. He was captured by treachery and hanged in Nandagad in Khanapur Taluka (37km from Belgaum).Darshan plays the lead role; veteran actress Jayaprada plays the role of Chennamma and Nikitha plays the female lead. It is reported that Darshan went on a strict diet before the shoot began to fit the role of a warrior in the film. The big-budgeted epic film was in the making for the longest time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333676", "title": "Salman upset over Dutt\u2019s friendship with Vivek", "text": "The joke among Sanjay Dutt's close friends is that one Oberoi has replaced another in his life. After his parting of ways with his business manager Dharam Oberoi, Sanjay Dutt seems to be partying with a new set of friends. Prominent among them is Vivek Oberoi. The bonding between Dutt and Vivek at Raj Kundra's birthday party was quite evident.We don't see much of Dutt and Salman Khan together any more. According to a close friend of Salman, \" Bhai is unhappy with Sanju's new friendship with Vivek Oberoi. In fact when Bhai came to know that Vivek would be present at Raj Kundra's birthday get-together on Saturday evening he decided to give the event the miss, although he is fond of Shilpa and Raj.\"Sure enough, Sanjay Dutt and Vivek Oberoi along with their respective wives bonded all evening at the Kundras' party. Interestingly, though Salman was missing, his brother Arbaaz and sister-in-law Malaika Arora were prominently present at the party.Says our source, \"Dutt and Oberoi get along very well these days. So do their wives. Manyata was heard giving baby tips to the mother-to-be Mrs Oberoi at the Kundras' do.\"The other invitees were largely the Kundras' non-film friends from the IPL and the Super Fights League. From the film fraternity, there were the Dutts, the Oberois, Rohit Roy, musician Sulaiman Merchant, Arbaaz-Malaika, Dino Morea and Daboo Ratnani.Raveena Tandon who was there with her quiet husband Anil Thadani, was heard exchanging compliments with Sanjay Dutt about one another's looks. \"They've both lost so much weight and are looking ten years younger. Raveena and Dutt have been buddies for years,\" said an invitee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328765", "title": "Blaze on merchant ship, no casualties", "text": "MUMBAI: It was high drama on the high seas after a fire broke out in a merchant vessel on Sunday evening off the Mumbai coast. The ship, MV Amsterdam Bridge, was heading to Colombo from Mumbai with 20 crew members on board. Five Indian vessels aided the ship in dousing the fire. No casualties were reported. The blaze was still on at the time of going to press. There were reportedly no Indians on board.According to the Coast Guard, the ship had arrived at JNPT and sailed out at 3.45pm. Around 5.45pm, one of the containers caught fire. \"The container had HNS (Hazardous and Noxious Substances). The crew members made attempts to control the fire and alerted the Coast Guard,\" the officer said. \"Within 20 minutes, ICGS Subhadra Kumari Chouhan was diverted to the ship. Consequently, other ships, ICGS Samudra Prahari, which is specialized in pollution control, Sankalp, Samrat and SCI Pawan, another specialized ship, were sent.\"Around 11.15pm, efforts were being made to bring the fire under control. \"The crew members and rescue vessels are trying to bring the fire under control. No substantial results have been achieved yet. Hopefully, it will be brought under control soon,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328852", "title": "Driver makes BEST effort, but can\u2019t save ill commuter", "text": "MUMBAI: A BEST bus driver went out of his way to divert from his regular route in a bid to save a passenger's life on Sunday. But the man died on the way to hospital.The commuter, later identified as Unnikrishnan by BEST officials, started feeling unwell and fell unconscious while travelling in the bus plying on route no. 309 in Kurla. Fellow passengers alerted the conductor and driver. The incident took place around 12.10pm.\"Our driver realized that there was no other car or vehicle to rush the passenger to hospital. It was an emergency situation,\" said BEST public relations officer Manoj Varade. \"The driver took the bus to Bhabha hospital. However, doctors declared him dead,\" he stated. The cause of death was not known at the time of going to press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328853", "title": "Send union leader to jail for leading agitation: Activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Activists have demanded that union leader Sharad Rao be sent to jail under Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act (MESMA) for taking 3 lakh autos off roads on Thursday.\"Autos come under essential services and you cannot hold the city to ransom for demands of a fare hike,\" said a senior activist. \"Under MESMA, the government can authorize the police to book union leaders/activists for up to a year. One should also note that other auto unions, have not called the agitation or strike. If Rao is spearheading the campaign, he should be booked.\" Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat on Sunday wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, asking him to invoke MESMA against Rao and his activists. \"It is in violation of Motorvehicle Rules, which mandates that drivers with badges should serve without inconveniencing the common man,\" he said. \"Instead of organizing a morcha, why can't Rao and his colleagues identify rogue drivers within the union and take action? He has left this task to the public and is shirking his responsibility.\"Rao clarified it was not a \"strike\" or \"bandh\" but a dharna. \"Whoever wants to join the dharna will do so voluntarily. It is during non-peak hours from 11am to 5pm. We have not called a bandh and we have a right to protest. Besides, we are not afraid of going to jail,\" he said. \"MESMA is against the India Constitution, which gives us the right to agitate.\"Commuter rights activist Sunil Mone plans to lodge a complaint against Rao with the Competition Commission of India for \"abuse of dominant position\". He said, \"If you abuse your dominant position as the leader of the biggest auto union in Mumbai to harass commuters, it amounts to violations of the Competition Act, 2002.\" Transport activist Mohammed Afzal also said the government should not buckle under pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16332548", "title": "Twitter can't be blocked state-wise: Telcos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Citing technical problems, telecom operators have refused to adhere to an order of Home Ministry for blocking Twitter traffic from specific states including Gujarat, Kerala, Assam and UP in the backdrop of social media being used to fan communal trouble.The Department of Telecom was requested to consider technical feasibility of a request from the Home Ministry for monitoring Twitter traffic.\"Twitter Inc may be directed to all traffic emanating from addresses in the states assessed by the Central Intelligence Agencies to be sensitive in the current prevailing situation in Kerala, Assam, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh,\" official documents said.This was conveyed to BSNL, Tata Communications, Bharti Airtel , Idea Cellular , Reliance Communications as well as the Internet Service Providers Association of India (ISPAI).In its reply, Tata Communications said it does not allocate Internet Protocol Addresses to its customers on a state-wise basis. \"Specific area wise/state wise blocking of website is technically not feasible,\" it said.The state-owned BSNL also said it is not possible to block website on circle basis and Reliance Communications said the blocking has to be at the gateway locations and can't be made specific to area or state wise.Idea and Bharti also said its not possible to block. ISPAI said \"we would like to inform that it is technically not feasible to block website state wise.\"The Director of DoT Subodh Saxena said in his communication that \"...in the present scenario that Internet Service Providers (ISPs) having majority of internet subscribers have not allocated addresses area or state wise and it would not be possible for them at present to carry out specific area wise or state wise blocking of website.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328687", "title": "No result puts school of open learning students in spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of about 30 students of the School of Open Learning who've cleared the law faculty entrance exam may just have their provisional admissions nullified as their results have not been declared even after the due date. Many others seeking admission into other courses have been visiting the Dean of Students' Welfare's office for the same problem.The last date for submission of marksheets was August 31 and the authorities haven't extended it yet. Even a writ petition has been filed in the high court. The matter comes up for hearing next on November 5.\"Officials say that only the vice chancellor has the prerogative to extend and if there's no extension, our admissions may be cancelled,\" says Ajay Kumar, who studied BCom (honours) through SOL and cleared the law entrance exam. \"We met the VC too but haven't heard from anyone,\" says Kumar.\"We never expected this as both Faculty of Law and SOL are part of the same university,\" says Ritwik Malhotra who studied BCom. \"The university wants the marksheets it isn't giving us.\" The students had also sought \"confidential marksheets\" from SOL but didn't get them. The law faculty candidates aren't the only ones in a quandary. \"There are students applying to BEd and MCom who are in the same situation,\" says Raj Gulati, also a BCom student.\"We haven't even started the process,\" says H P Singh, dean of examinations. \"About 12.5 lakh scripts have to be evaluated and they haven't come back from the examiners.\" He also reminds that the SOL exams \"take place later\".In 2011, the university had directed the departments to give students whose results hadn't arrived till October 31 to submit marksheets. \"We've had serious problems,\" says Anita Rampal, Faculty of Education, \"We have a system allowing students to attend classes provisionally but after August 31, they can't even fill forms or take exams. Then we have to write to the VC and the standing committee asking for special permission.\"\"They could've just told us it would be a four-year course,\" quips Malhotra, \"that we'd study for three years and wait one for results. At least our paperwork wouldn't show a gap.\" They also wonder what purpose the entrance test serves if the scores aren't enough to \"even reserve a seat for them\". The students need at least 50% in the undergraduate degree course to claim a seat.\"It is unlikely any admission will happen till the polls are over,\" says a senior professor of Law Faculty, adding, \"They'll be regular students for us only from the last week of September, which gives them only a month before the exams. Till then, they can't participate in the internal evaluation exercises either. They aren't even enrolled.\"(Some names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329915", "title": "Police arrest an impostor", "text": "PATNA: The Patrakarnagar police on Sunday arrested a man who was posing himself as a CBI inspector.According police sources, the arrested man, identified as Abhay Rathore alias Ajay Rathore alias Vishal Singh, used to take money from several people promising them jobs in private sector. Rathore is a native of Vaishali district and was granted bail in a case on January 12 by a local court.Patrakarnagar SHO, Sanjeev Shekhar Jha said the police got complaints from two persons, including a woman, claiming that Rathore took huge amount from them and promised them job. \"When police started investigation into the matter, his two-wheeler was found near Hanumannagar market. We seized it and found the number plate was morphed. Subsequently, the police arrested him from a rented house at Hanuman Nagar where his wife stays. He seldom stayed at the house,\" he said.Jha further said Rathore was arrested earlier also in the same kind of offence when he, faking as BSNL officer, duped many people of their hard-earned money. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335507", "title": "Simbu dances for Santhanam!", "text": "These two actors have done a few movies and are now good friends. The latest buzz is that Simbu or STR will do a song-and-dance routine for Santhanam's film.Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) is the name of the film that Santhanam is producing. It is interesting that this flick will see another actor in action - Power Star Srinivasan. Power Star has been making waves in Kollywood.Apparently, the Simbu dance number will be shot in Binny Mills itself. Thaman has done the music for the film and it's expected that this song will be special.The movie is said to be an out-and-out comedy and being Santhanam's first production expectations are high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332251", "title": "I would like to experience a live in relationship: Ranbir", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor , on being the 'under hero', and why he is happy living with his parentsAt a time when our films are celebrating 'hero-giri' with largerthan-life protagonists, Barfi seems to be an antithesis. I see a lot of heroism in the 'under hero'. His actions are not so largerthan-life, dramatic, but simple and beautiful. There is a different kind of heroism in that too. As actors we have the opportunity to do so much, go bare chested, rob trains, dance around...but here there is no dialogue baazi, action, glamorous songs. It takes you right into a very quaint world... Calcutta and Darjeeling in the 70s. There is a fantasy element to the characters. You know a Sleeping Beauty kind of vintage romance.Would it be one of your most experimental films so far then? I am not trying to experiment here. It is an entertaining and engaging film. The challenge for me here was to be simple. And that is hard. The character here brings love, joy and sunshine. There is a comic element even in the tragic moments. We didn't want to take a baby chicken and wring its neck... it is not meant to wring out sympathies, but leave you happy.From Wake Up Sid through Rocket Singh and now Barfi, you have excelled in playing the 'underhero' as you just termed it. Is that your comfort zone? I don't find comfort in it. I wouldn't do it if there was no challenge. I too want to do heroic stuff: Punch a villain and send him flying. But I need to build a much bigger, wider fan base for that. I long for an introductory scene where people throw coins in the aisles, and hero worship me like some of our current superstars.But you do get mobbed wherever you go. Women are known to rip your clothes off. There are so many places where they don't know me. Yes, people relate to me in the cities where they know my films and commercials and I am grateful for that. But I wanna be the greatest actor and biggest star in the world. However, I have time to get there and I know I will.Usually, people want to be stars before they become actors. I don't have the confidence or conviction to pull off a Rowdy Rathore or Dabangg or Ghajini now. I am doing Abhinav Kashyap's film that takes me away from the characters I have performed so far. It is more pan India with item songs, action, tapori giri. That's not saying that Barfi would not connect to the masses. Any well-told story will connect with the audience and make money. Touch that Rs 100-crore mark.So, does that 100-crore label matter to you as well? I have been hearing a lot of it recently. In my opinion, both Rockstar and Barfi are 100-crore films. Rocksta r did not make that kind of money, but maybe because there was something wrong. There is a lot of hype around 100-crore. Maybe it is justified. After all, a lot of time, money and effort goes into our films. It is dhanda at the end of the day. But I don't want to follow any formula or do anything that has already been done.Speaking of your image, Illeana is perhaps the only co-star you have not been linked to romantically. When I started out, I was dating someone from the industry and that overshadowed everything. Now it feels great that people are not just asking me about my love life. I may be doing good work after all. Every morning when I read the papers -especially this newspaper- there are two thoughts. How did they know about it? Or how wrong this is. But now I realise it comes with the territory. Earlier I would get agitated, now I am at peace with it. I am young, not married, so hey...Both Kareena and Imran told me the other day that if you were to become a journalist, we'd all lose our jobs. You are the most well-informed guy in the industry. (Laughs). Really? I must credit your newspaper for it.C'mon! Look, I like to be well informed. I am interested in films and not in who's dating who.Kareena said she is 'shocked' by the kind of information you have. And that it takes a lot to 'shock' her. Surely, she was not talking about your knowledge in films! (Laughs) Kareena is way ahead of me; she predicts. I know where and when. She will tell you what's going to happen next.Deepika recently said that for the first time, you two are good friends. It is great. Deepika has been instrumental in making me who I am today. We had a beautiful relationship, which didn't work out for whatever reasons. But I have taken a lot from it. It is amazing the way she has grown. I am proud of her. Now that we are doing a film together, there is no awkwardness.You recently had an interesting encounter with Salman. It is said that it put an end to some tensions between you two over certain issues. A lot of things have been said about Salman, which is unfair. I respect Salman, our families have been friends for years. He is one of the kindest human beings around and has been instrumental in grooming me as an actor. He taught me a few things about working my body, makeup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16333541", "title": "'Facebook making efforts to delete fake profiles'", "text": "MUMBAI: Social networking giant Facebook is making a \"huge effort\" to weed out fake profiles to prevent misuse of such identities, a senior company official has said.\"Absolutely, there is a huge effort,\" Facebook India business manager Pavan Varma told PTI when asked about the company's action on this front.If Facebook doubts the ownership of an account, it will ask the user to identify himself/herself, he said.The doubt about the authenticity of the account will arise if an account has a generic name instead of a proper name, uses images of celebrities/ cartoon characters as display pictures, or does not have \"enough friends\", Varma said.\"It could even be that Facebook comes back to you saying, could you help us identify yourself if you don't have enough friends, because we don't want fake identities,\" he said.\"We are worried about the experience we deliver...It's not about protecting our brand identity so much,\" he said.Recently, there were reports of fake accounts being created by computer programs, which are used for inflating the number of \"likes\" on Facebook page for a brand.Facebook had recently said it would be taking out fake \"likes\" generated by spammers, malware and black marketers.Varma said advertisers must also shed the obsession with numbers. \"How does an advertiser today treat a Facebook page? It is treated as a place where they just come with a number of people who are there. But that is a wrong way of doing it,\" he said, stressing that the conversations around the brand should assume importance rather than the numbers.Mere \"likes\" on the page do not help a brand, he said. Companies generally pay Facebook for a dedicated page on its platform that helps them connect with the target audience.Varma, who was speaking to PTI on the sidelines of a banking summit, said Facebook, as a medium, is completely secure and cited the case of ICICI Bank , which now offers basic services over the Facebook page by integrating its net banking platform with the social networking site.He added that IDBI Bank claims it has over five lakh fans on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16329630", "title": "Rajula-Khambha road goes under water after heavy rains", "text": "RAJKOT: Incessant rains in the upstream of Dhatarvadi dam have caused a flood-like situation on Khambha-Vavera road, which connects villages to nearby towns in Amreli district. The causeway near Vavera village in Rajula taluka is flooded for the past 15 days, sources said. People are unable to cross the road because of water flooding it.\"This road has been flooded with water for the past 15 days and people from at least 40 villages in the surrounding area have been forced to take a longer route to go to Mahuva town or Vijapadi village,\" said Jayraj Khuman, a resident of Vavera village. He said if the height of causeway is increased, the situation could be resolved.Meanwhile, Saurashtra has received 46 per cent of its average annual rainfall. District flood control room officials said sporadic rainfall occurred in some parts of the region on Sunday. Bhanvad in Jamnagar district received 24 mm rainfall.India Meteorological Department (IMD) officials have forecast heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours. Heavy to very heavy rains would occur at isolated places over Saurashtra, Kutch and Diu in the next 24 hours. Fishermen have been advised not to venture into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329512", "title": "Poor institutional delivery service irks health secretary", "text": "RANCHI: Principal secretary (health) K Vidyasagar on Saturday expressed displeasure over the institutional delivery service in Gumla, Mandar, Khunti, Simdega and Lohardaga districts. \"Though all facilities were provided, the results in comparison to the last year in institutional delivery is low,\" he said.The routine immunization programme has also declined. \"If people go for full immunization of their own child then why can't the same principle applied sincerely for children of their own catchment areas,\" Vidyasagar said.The South Chotanagpur divisional review meeting of the health department was chaired by health minister Hemlal Murmu in which progress of institutional delivery, immunization programmes, first referral unit situations, caesarean deliveries, status of primary health centres, status of Mamta Vahans, village health and nutrition services day and all such services delivered by the department were reviewed .Vidyasagar also expressed displeasure over the condition of the first referral unit. Apart from this, the services of the caesarean section in Sadar hospitals and primary health centres was not good, he said. \"Bundu, Basiya, Kudu, Silli and Simdega were districts where there have been no caesarean deliveries. But more efforts need to be done. In Kudu, I was shocked to hear that there is no operation table (OT) ,\" Vidyasagar said. He directed all civil surgeons to hold a review meet every month, cite out the loopholes and try to achieve the targets set.The village health and nutrition day which basically provides health and nutrition services to pregnant women and child should be given importance. \"We found that only 62% sessions were held in this sector. The quality of service is important and if it is ensured properly then the infant mortality and maternal mortality rates can decline. The civil surgeons are neglecting these important things,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "16333995", "title": "YMA to felicitate Mary Kom", "text": "AIZAWL: Inspired by her bronze medal-winning effort in the London Olympics, the Young Mizo Association (YMA) is set to felicitate boxer MC Mary Kom.General secretary of the central committee of YMA, Vanlalruata said that they would hand over the pugilist a citation and cash award during the association's general conference, scheduled to begin from October 23 at Kawrtethawveng village in Mizoram-Tripura border's Mamit district.\"We do not have large amount of money to give her, but we wanted to congratulate her in front of the young Mizos as she has become a source of inspiration for the youths,\" Vanlalruata said.Kom was earlier felicitated by Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP) or the Mizo students federation, during 'Zofest' held in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "16331429", "title": "Dr Verghese Kurien: India\u2019s milkman no more", "text": "ANAND: Dr Verghese Kurien did not like drinking milk, but as father of the White Revolution, he made India into a nation of milk drinkers . Often called India's bestknown milkman, Kurien, 90, passed away at a hospital in Nadiad town because of complications arriving out of kidney ailments at 1.15 am on Sunday. In the six decades he spent in Anand, he ensured India is transformed from a milk-deficient country into one of the world's biggest milk producers. He is survived by wife Molly, daughter Nirmala and grandson Siddhartha. After his death, his body was brought back to Anand, which had been his home since 1949. As news of his death spread , scores of visitors trooped in to pay their tributes. President Pranab Mukherjee , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and chief minister Narendra Modi , among many other dignitaries sent their condolences. Later, his body was shifted to Amul Dairy's Sardar Patel Hall where it was kept in an open glass coffin for visitors, before it was cremated as per his wishes. It was under Kurien's leadership that small-town Anand became the milk capital of India with institutions like the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) and theInstitute of Rural Management, Anand (IRMA). The beginnings , however, were humble. After returning from the US with a master's degree in mechanical engineering from the Michigan State University 1949, he was assigned to the government creamery at Anand to serve his bond period for a scholarship he had taken for his studies. His only intention then was to obtain a release from the bond and get out of Anand. He was all set to leave Anand by the end of 1949 for Mumbai, but the then chairman of Amul Dairy, Tribhuvandas Patel, requested him to help install machinery at the dairy. Kurien agreed, and then never left. The first dairy cooperative union in Gujarat was formed in 1946 with just two villages as members. Today, the co-operative has 16,100 member unions, with 3.2 million members pouring milk into GCMMF twice a day. He was NDDB chairman from 1965 to 1998 and was the architect of 'Operation Flood' - the largest dairy development programme in the world. India's milk procurement has graduated from 20 million metric tonnes annually in 1960s to 122 million metric tonnes in 2011. Kurien, however, had a painful exit from all the institutions he founded. While he made way for his protege Dr Amrita Patel to succeed him as chairman of NDDB in 1998, in 2006 he stepped down as founder-chairman of both GCMMF and IRMA. His detractors felt he was unduly clinging on to power. Later, he had told TOI that he was thrown out. \"They (directors of GCMMF) did not want me any longer. I had to resign, I was not given a choice,\" he had remarked.The Bharat Ratna eluded himFor the past three years, close associates of Dr Verghese Kurien had started a campaign to have India's highest civilian honour - the Bharat Ratna - conferred on him. But they failed, at least in his lifetime. Only on September 6, Infosys chairman emeritus N R Narayana Murthy had said, \"A civilized society must show gratitude when people can sense it, or it is no gratitude at all and if our country does not stand and salute Dr Verghese Kurien with a Bharat Ratna, I don't know who else deserves it.\" After Kurien's death, P A Joseph, his former executive assistant, told TOI, \"We don't want it now even if it is conferred.\" In his lifetime, Kurien had received the Padma Shri, Padma Bhushan and Padma Vibhushan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16329680", "title": "Pulse polio campaign begins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: About 35% of the nine lakh children in the district were administered polio drops here on the first day of pulse polio campaign on Sunday.Chief Development Officer (CDO) Nitin Bansal inaugurated the pulse polio booth at the district women's hospital, appealing to all parents of children up to 5 years to get their wards administered the drops. Apart from carrying out an inspection at the district women hospital, the CDO stressed on the need to offer the best medical facilities to the patients. Officials said parents today are quite aware of the pulse polio drive and have been visiting polio booths in large numbers to get their children vaccinated. From the second day onwards, mobile polio teams would be covering houses in both urban and rural areas.District Immunisation Officer (DIO) Dr Ashutosh Kumar told TOI that the department has chalked out a comprehensive plan under pulse polio campaign and each and every child would be administered the polio drops. Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr Chandan Lal said, \"The polio teams would also be reaching remote areas to cover all children below the age of 5 years.\" Meanwhile, health officials organised a rally at Kareli to spread awareness on supplementary immunisation activity.Community Health Officer, Dr SAM Meesum told TOI, \"Since January 13, 2011, no polio case has been reported from the country.\" He said even tests of sewage samples of highly prone districts like Delhi, Kolkata, and Patna were found the polio virus absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328839", "title": "Instances of chaining patients are few: Sawai Man Singh hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: The government psychiatric centre of the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital claimed that cases of chaining mentally ill to a pillar or tree are few.Psychiatric centre's medical superintendent Dr R K Solanki said, \"It (chaining) happens due to lack of awareness among people. Treatment of the mentally ill is possible. There are centres in almost every part of the state and in districts, too. All the six government medical colleges in Kota, Ajmer, Bikaner, Jaipur, Jodhpur and Udaipur have such centres.\"Such patients should be brought to hospitals rather than kept in bondage, said medical experts.\"Generally, patients suffering from schizophrenia and mania are kept tied like this. They are not violent. They should be brought to treatment centres,\" said Dr Solanki.According to doctors, the number of patients with mental illness has increased over the decade. The government psychiatric centre claims to have witnessed a 43% rise in mental patients this year against previous year.Various reasons --- financial, social, personal, job pressure, children - can been attributed to the increase in the numbers.The centre has around 250 to 300 patients. Many patients are coming from Haryana, Punjab, MP and some parts of Delhi. The centre has several facilities such as family cottages, short stay ward and long duration wards to treat patients. Also, a geriatric ward has been opened along with a separate child guidance centre, an official said.EomJaipur: The Jaipur's government psychiatric centre of the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital claimed that the cases of chaining mentally ill to a pillar or tree do not come into limelight often as such cases are rare now.Jaipur's psychiatric centre medical superintendent Dr RK Solanki said, \"It (chaining of mentally ill) happens due to lack of awareness among people. There is treatment possible for the mentally ill people. There are treatment centres for mentally ill people in almost every part of the state at district level. Also, there are such centres at all the six government medical colleges of the state including in Kota, Ajmer, Bikaner, Jaipur, Jodhpur and Udaipur.\"Besides, the medical experts appealed that such patients should be brought to the hospital rather than keeping them chained to trees or pillars.Dr Solanki said, \"Such patients, who are found chained are patients of schizophrenia and mania. They are not violent. They should be treated well and brought to the treatment centres.\"The doctors claimed that the number of patients with mental illness have increased over a period of last 10 years. However, Jaipur's government psychiatric centre claimed that in comparison to last year, this year the hospital witnessed 43% rise in the patient's arrival because of various reasons including financial, social, relationship, career, jobs, children and various other aspects has increased stress and depression among the patients.Jaipur's psychiatric centre claimed that around 250 to 300 patients remain admitted to the centre for treatment. The patients are coming from Haryana, Punjab, MP and from some parts in Delhi to treatment.The psychiatric centre has family cottage facilities, open and short stay ward and long duration wards to treat the patients. Also, a geriatric ward has also been opened for elderly and the hospital has separate child guidance centre, an official of the psychiatric centre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329698", "title": "Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences cardiologist K K Haridas no more", "text": "KOCHI: Cardiologist and head of cardiology department, Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS), Dr K K Haridas (54), passed away in Kochi on Saturday. He was suffering from liver sclerosis for the last few years. He is survived by his wife Anuradha, and sons Nikhil and Kaushik.An expert in interventional cardiology, Haridas had played a key role in making the diagnostic and treatment methods of angiogram and angioplasty popular in the state. He was part of many research works and has won several international accolades. He was selected as the Chiles Interventional Fellow offered by University of Oregon , Portland, USA, in 1998. In 2002, he was honoured with the fellowship of the Indian College of Cardiology. The funeral was held at his house premises at Kakkanad on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16329628", "title": "Tuki asks Centre to remove hurdles for development of hydropower", "text": "ITANAGAR: Chief minister of Arunachal Pradesh Nabam Tuki asked the Centre to remove impediments in the way of development of hydropower in the state. He sought help to resolve the issue and to facilitate the state in becoming a powerhouse of the country. Arunachal Pradesh boasts of a potential of 40 per cent of the country's total hydropower.At a panel discussion on hydropower projects in the northeast in New Delhi on Saturday, Tuki said that the state was facing serious problems getting forest and environment clearance, it taking years in some cases. Citing instances he said environmental issues were raised for forest clearance cases even in projects which already had environment clearance. He requested the Union ministry of environment and forest to play a more positive role in hydropower development of his state.Tuki also pointed out that because of staff constraints and other factors, the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), Central Water Commission (CWC) and the Geological Survey of India (GSI) are unable to speed up the issuance of Techno-Economical Clearance (TEC) despite their sincere efforts to examine the DPRs and issue the clearances. He observed that for development of hydropower projects there is an urgent need of developing infrastructure, roads in particular.\"Although most of the major roads required for these projects have been covered under the Prime Minister's Package, yet the execution is taking time. In addition, there are some more major roads that need to be taken up at the earliest under some Government of India scheme,\" Tuki said, adding, \"Some projects will start from this year itself. The transmission system for these projects should be simultaneous so that generation and transmission is synchronized.\"Highlighting the significance of hydropower, he said that besides producing clean energy devoid of carbon emissions it would regulate flow of water during rainy seasons, moderate floods and as a result save life, property and agricultural prospects in the downstream areas.He also pointed out that these projects would offer employment to lakhs of people and boost local economy by enhancing economic activities, first during the development phase and later by providing readily available assured power to improve production and quality of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329932", "title": "CM announces institute for Madhubani art", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Sunday launched a new informative, interactive and dynamic website of Bihar tourism \u2014 www.bihartourism.gov.in \u2014 which shows all important tourist locations with running commentary and thematic music. He also released a book 'Buddha in Bihar: Travelogue'.He said there are still a number of archeological sites in the state which are not explored yet properly. \"After Independence, very little excavation work was done in Bihar and the state remained ignored even in this context also,\" he said.The CM said in 2006-07, about 62 lakh domestic tourists visited Bihar while the number increased to 1.86 crore during 2011-12. Of the 50 lakh foreign tourists visiting India, no less than one fifth visit Bihar, he said and added people demand inclusion of their territories in various circuits developed by the government on the basis of their history and culture.Nitish announced 'astro-tourism' (development of tourism through astronomy) covering Taregana and Khagaul, an observatory of Aryabhatta. The 'astro-tourism' will be developed jointly by the tourism and science and technology departments. He also announced an institute to preserve and develop Madhubani art which will be later granted university status.A four-lane road has been planned with the cooperation of Japan which will help foreign tourists to make more frequent visits to the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16330866", "title": "Traffic proposals get stuck in blame game", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Traffic has again been jammed in the blame game of traffic police, MC and UT. The traffic cops have blamed the two authorities for not acting on the proposals mooted by it for smooth flow in the city. The proposals forwarded by traffic wing of Chandigarh police, after strict instructions from Punjab and Haryana high court, are also pending.The implementation of lane driving on Jan Marg between cricket stadium roundabout in Sector 16 and Punjab and Haryana high court, and installation of overhead signboards for designated lanes for each category of traffic, were made on the recommendations of the high court. Reportedly, Chandigarh traffic police has reminded MC officials about these repeatedly, but all in vain.A senior traffic police official, who declined to be named, said, \"\"The prime proposals include marking of zebra crossing between main roads and link roads, constructions of cycle track, fixing of strong iron grills instead of barbed wires on Madhya Marg, construction of slip roads. These proposals are pending with engineering wing of UT administration\"\".Sources said a total 50 proposals out of 62 are pending with engineering wing of UT administration and 12 are pending with MC authorities. The proposal of installation of signboards near intersections where CCTV cameras were installed is also pending with the administration since July 2010. Similarly, installation of signboards against drunk driving on all entry points of the city are also hanging fire since June 2011.The important proposals pending with MC authorities include marking of lanes for two-wheelers/ four-wheelers in all market parking lots, identification of accident-prone points and provisions of speedbreakers in front of Haryana Raj Bhawan.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said, \"\"The pending proposals have been repeatedly taken up with senior engineering wing officials, and several reminders too have been sent for implementation, but nothing has been done in this regard\"\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16329238", "title": "BJP demands PM's resignation", "text": "PANAJI: Reiterating the demand for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation on coal block allocation, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Sunday demanded constitution of a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the coal block allocation scam.Speaking to media persons, leader of opposition in the Rajya Sabha and BJP senior leader Arun Jaitley said that he is not happy with the agency appointed to inquire into the coal blocks allocation. He stated that the CBI does not have that level of credibility when it comes to probing matters within the PMO.\"CBI is directly under the government and it's inquiry will never meet the high standards of credibility. The track record of the CBI in recent past is also not inspiring,\" said Jaitley.Jaitley also demanded that \"A special investigating team (SIT), which is completely independent of the government, should inquire into the allocation of the coal blocks.\"The BJP leader has also demanded that the coal blocks allocation should be cancelled, an inquiry should be conducted and the PM should accept responsibility and quit his post.\"Our party is committed to go to the root of the problem so that the truth about the nature of the allotments and kind of people to whom the allotments were made should come out,\"said Jaitley.He also said that it is now known that industrialists and politicians close to the ruling party have become renters, \"where you enter into joint ventures, get a mine allotted, charge a premium and get out of business.Jaitley also said that the party will meet on September 13 to finalize the schedule of rallies and meetings to protest against the coal block scam.The senior BJP leader said that UPA's ability to manage or manipulate the people is almost over adding that the UPA is losing elections one after another. He also said that they are misusing the investigating agency CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16328693", "title": "Children who fled home handed back to parents", "text": "INDORE: Two children who developed a habit of fleeing from home, just for fun, were handed back to their parents by the Childline, NGO after learning about them. The children were picked up by the police while they were consuming whitener for intoxication.The two identified as Gagan, 12, and Ravi, 10, son of Kamal Verma tried to fool the general railway police (GRP) by giving fake identities about themselves and their parents. They also alleged that they ran away from home after being treated badly by their parents.Police had handed over the two to the Childline, where the NGOs tried to locate their parents.The authorities were shocked to learn when the parents of the two met them in a bid to locate their children. Kamal and his wife told the authorities that the children had left their home five times in the past and said that their other siblings go to school and never have a problem.When the children found their parents crying, they informed that they were never beaten up by them. They also informed that they escaped home just for fun. In their first attempt, they came in touch with children at the railway station premises who used whitener for intoxication and they too got addicted to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16328377", "title": "Taloja jailer shot at in Navi Mumbai", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A jail official of the Taloja state prison in Navi Mumbai was shot at by two unidentified men outside the jail premises on Sunday evening. The sub-jailer, Bhaskar Kachare, was rushed to a hospital in Kamothe where he is being treated for at least two bullet injuries in the ICU.The preliminary report to the police control room said that two men in a car had an argument with Kachare over rash driving. This led to firing by the unidentified accused, who fled immediately afterwards.According to the Navi Mumbai police control, the firing took place a little after 6pm in Taloja when Kachare was travelling in a Tavera along with an acquaintance.However, police are not sure if it was just road rage that led to the firing. They suspect the accused may have planned the attack at the spot, which is about 2km from Taloja Jail.A high alert was declared by the police to trace the accused and their vehicle which was last spotted near the police base of Rapid Action Force (RAF) in Taloja.The designation of the jailer is equivalent to that of a 'two-star sub-inspector' at Taloja jail.Attack on jailer may have been plannedAccording to the Navi Mumbai police control, the firing took place a little after 6pm in Taloja when Kachare was travelling in a Tavera along with an acquaintance.However, police are not sure if it was just road rage that led to the firing. They suspect the accused may have planned the attack at the spot, which is about 2km from Taloja Jail.A high alert was declared by the police to trace the accused and their vehicle which was last spotted near the police base of Rapid Action Force (RAF) in Taloja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16329951", "title": "Bodies of SFI activists killed in TN mishap brought home", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The bodies of the two SFI leaders, who died in a road accident in Ramanathapuram in Tamil Nadu on Saturday evening, were brought to their native places on Sunday night. The accident occurred when the MUV in which they were travelling lost control and fell into a gorge.Jineesh George, 25, and Sathish Paul, 29, both Kottayam district committee members of SFI, died in the accident. Jineesh was the former chairman of MG University students union while Paul was a former SFI state committee member. The duo were with a group, which was returning after visiting Dhanushkody, and on its way to Kottayam after attending the National meet of SFI in Madurai. Though the injured were rushed to the General Hospital there, they could not be saved. Postmortem was conducted at General Hospital on Sunday noon.Sathish Paul hails from Mallappally in Pathanamthitta, while Jineesh is from Pala.The injured SFI activists Satheesh Varkey, former president of SFI district commitee, Alex Punnoose, district vice president, K R Rahul, Sarath Chandran and Rahul R Nair were brought to the Medical College Hospital here. Satheesh Varkey fractured his right hand while Rahul Nair suffered head injuries. However, the injured are out of danger, said hospital officials.Meanwhile, CPM leaders, including Lalichan George, area secretary, Pala, K M Radhakrishnan, area secretary, Puthuppally and M A Ribin Sha, SFI district secretary, Kottayam visited Ramanathapuram following the news of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16330001", "title": "Power, water shortage hits Edakkal rocks beautification project", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as the Edakkal Rocks beautification project, a Kovalam destination development initiative, is nearing completion, the agency entrusted with the job is worried over electricity and water issues which could render the project useless.The project was to spruce up Edakkal Rocks sandwiched between the Light House and the Eve's beach at Kovalam and build a light-house-model building for life guards, after demolishing the existing lifeguard station. As part of the beautification process, it was also decided to light up the rocks with LED bulbs. But there is no power supply to the area, which is a rocky promontory that spreads over one-and-a-half acres. \"Lifeguards are on duty from 7am to 7pm, so they never bothered to electrify the lifeguard station. But now the government has to make provision for a power source,\" said an official from the tourism department.G Shankar, founder chairman, Habitat Technology Group, who has undertaken the project, said electricity conduits were currently being laid. \"One third of the project is about illuminating the rocks and Rs 13 lakh has been spent on it. We can complete the project, but the government should maintain it. Additional care must be taken to maintain electrical fixtures, as there is salinity in the air,\" he said.Meanwhile, the 20-feet tower with a gallery on top, from where the guards can have a better view of the beach is almost complete. But the lifeguards were against the idea of demolishing the old lifeguard station. \"The authorities were supposed to provide us with a place to change our clothes and keep our equipment. However, it has not been done,\" said a veteran lifeguard, who added that they also required a place to rest, close to the watchtower. The first phase of the landscape project was supposed to be implemented at a cost of Rs 49 lakh, but the government has only released Rs 24 lakh, said a source from the department. A bamboo gate to keep people from gaining access to the lifeguard watchtower is in place, so are the stone benches and tables for tourists visiting the rock area.\"Bio-fencing using thorny cactus will require another couple of weeks to complete. Flowering shrubs have already been planted. The tourism department has to provide security for the area and a caretaker to water the garden. Otherwise the whole effort will be rendered useless. The project has cost us Rs 40 lakh till date,\" said Shankar.Meanwhile, tourism minister A P Anilkumar has said that the project would be inaugurated next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328733", "title": "Uppunoothala joins YSR Congress party", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior Congress leader Uppunoothala Purushottam Reddy said the ruling party would be decimated in the 2014 general elections. He quit the party on Sunday.Talking to media after joining the YSR Congress party at a meeting at Rayagiri in Nalgonda district, Purushotham Reddy said the people would teach the Congress a fitting lesson in the elections for diluting the schemes launched by former CM, the late Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. He said the Kiran government has failed on all fronts.\"Governance and development have come to a standstill,\" he charged. He said that no leader can replace YSR from the hearts of the people and addedthat YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy would become the next chief minister. The veteran leader has considerable support base in Nalgonda district.He joined the YSRCP along with his supporters from Damarcherla, Aleru, Bhongir and Tungathurti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329186", "title": "Velachery residents raise a stink about meat shop waste", "text": "CHENNAI: Everyday Ramakrishna, goes out for a walk early morning, he covers his nose because of the stench that comes from the garbage bin next to his apartment. Residents of Castle Winds apartments on Velachery main Road say the stench is because of the waste dumped by butcher shops. In many areas in the city, bones, feathers and meat, which are potentially hazardous as they could contain various pathogens, are dumped in open garbage bins.\"The waste from meat shops is dumped in open bins. As a result, birds carry the waste and drop it on our apartment terrace. Bones and parts of fish dumped in front of our gates and dogs gather to eat the remains,\" said Varghese, a resident. \"There are instances when dogs have attacked when we tried to remove the waste,\" he said.Residents of Castle Winds Apartment say that the road in front of their apartment has been occupied by butcher shops. \"Many shops selling meat in this area do not have a proper license. Yet they continue to run their business with make- shift shops. Pieces of chicken and fish are found strewn on the road always. At times, the stench is unbearable,\" said Guruprakash, secretary of Castle Winds Apartment Owners Association.\"We have complained to corporation officials but no action has been taken so far,\" said a resident of the apartment.Murali, a resident of Velachery said: \"It is impossible to walk on the road beacuse of the stench.\"When the chief health officer was told about situation, he said: \"Our sanitary inspector will visit the area and we will take action against the offenders.\"\"Animal waste has to be incinerated. Following reports from Mylapore, Aminjikarai and Ayanvaram, we took action on the butcher shops in those areas,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330508", "title": "Struggle for survival: Kolkata's symbol trams to ferry goods", "text": "KOLKATA: Trams - a quintessential image of the city's heritage beauty associated with the Raj era may fall from its position of grace and gravity that is associated with the Raj era. The non-polluting mode of transport will soon be seen ferrying goods. find itself in a degenerate form, goods carriage.Shocked? This will soon become a reality in the lives of the people in Kolkata to see stacks of vegetables, spices, clothes and fish being carried in trams to reach the supply to local markets.The image of the good old tram trundling along rickety roads and a rain drenched Maidan may vanish forever under the horrific image of a tram full of the stench and stink of fish and vegetables.Unable to find a suitable plan to resuscitate trams that have been as a this non-polluting mode of transport running for over a century, the Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC) will use the second-class compartments of some trams as goods carriage to ferry goods from wholesale to retail markets in different parts of the city. This will make it cheaper for traders and also bring revenue to CTC, said an official. The matter was recently discussed at a meeting in the chamber of transport minister Madan Mitra.According to a senior official, a few trams will be run early in the mornings and late into the nights for carrying goods from wholesale to retail markets on some of the existing CTC routes of CTC. The state plans to will begin with Burrabazar and Koley Markets that are already connected by trams. Which have tram routes adjoining these areas.In the next phase, the same will apply for Gariahat market, where CTC authorities are trying to revive the route going from Ballygunge via Gariahat and beyond.Trams in Kolkata have been running for well over a century since 1902 and is the oldest operating electric tram in Asia. However, it has been bogged down by severe losses. The cumulative loss of all five transport corporations, including the CTC, is a whopping Rs 600 crore. And now, there are such desperate attempts to keep trams going and reduce the losses somehow.The Centre recently expressed its eagerness to offer support for the turnaround of trams in Kolkata. However, the CTC has been asked to take measures to earn revenue and narrow the gap between earnings and expenditure. It is also for this reason that the CTC has been devising such plans to increase its earningsthrough several plans. While the government has approved of some of them, others have not yet been given the nod.It is also trying to set up a food court at the Esplanade tram depot where an abandoned tram now stands. The plan is to make best use of will make the old world charm of trams to good use, where food and water will be available. The CTC even also wants to extend some tram routes up to Salt Lake and Rajarhat, where they may be used only for joy rides. The state government is now examining the viability of the project.According to transport minister Madan Mitra, \"We want the tracks to be extended till Rajarhat and Salt Lake. At present, experts are reviewing if the project can be made possible,\" said Mitra. and right now, a study is on to examine this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330252", "title": "Scholarship launched to mark centenary", "text": "MANGALORE: The managing committee of the ASR Pai Memorial Fund has invited applications from meritorious students of Gowd Saraswath Brahmin (GSB) community pursuing any professional course in medical, engineering, MBA, MCA for free scholarships/loan scholarship under the centenary scholarship scheme which is being launched to mark the centenary celebrations of the ASR Pai Memorial Fund. The applications should reach be sent on or before October 15.The fund is doing yeomen service in the field of education in granting free scholarship, loan scholarship and also engaged in having a book bank for the benefit of students of the GSB community for past 99 years.The fund has a record of reaching to needy meritorious students of GSB Community. So far 3,183 loan scholars have been the beneficiaries of the fund. Since 1913, 10,993 scholars have been the beneficiaries of free scholarships.Since 1946, 4,641 members have registered with the book bank and the total number of professional books is about 21,000.The managing committee of the fund is launching a new scheme called centenary scholarship during centenary year and the following are the salient features of the scheme. The scholarships will have two components namely - loan scholarship and free scholarships and will be given to selected students here on November 19, the day which marks the centenary celebration and also 154th birth anniversary of philanthropist ASR Pai.Scholars will receive either loan or free scholarship of Rs 1 lakh per annum for medical and Rs 50,000 per annum for engineering course and other sum for other professional courses that the committee determines from time to time.The committee will constitute a sub-committee for detailed scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333726", "title": "Paralympic Games end with Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop is a Waterfall'", "text": "The London Olympic Stadium swelled one last time as Coldplay were joined by JAY Z and Rihanna and a cast of 1,336 performers at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Paralympics to mark the ending of the Summer Games at London.During Coldplay's final song, 'Every Teardrop is a Waterfall', water from fountains symbolised the dousing of the Paralympic flame, which was extinguished by 17-year-old Ellie Simmonds, who was born with achondroplasia , and Jonnie Peacock, 19, who lost the lower half of his right leg at five-years-old to a meningitis-related infection.Captain Luke Sinnott, who lost both legs in an IED blast in Helmand province , hanged the Union flag, the Telegraph reported.The Mayor London, Boris Johnson , called the two events a \"mind-boggling success\" and talked of the \"Golden Games\".In 11 days of Paralympic competition disabled sport made its great leap forward.When the Games was first hosted in Rome in 1960, only 5,000 people watched the opening ceremony.In London 80,000 throng the main arena for both shows. Ticket sales reached 2.7m and a generation of Paralympic stars vied for attention with Farah, Ennis, Wiggins and the other icons of the Olympic Games.And 4,200 athletes from 165 countries asserted their right to be treated as elite sportsmen and women rather than disabled people seeking therapeutic outlets.The Prime Minister, David Camerson, whose disabled son Ivan died in 2009, said: \"I think back to Ivan. As every parent, you think about all the things they can't do, but at the Paralympics they are superhuman, you see all the things they can do.\" (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329977", "title": "Patna University questions vigilance bureau probe", "text": "PATNA: Even as the reported tug-of-war between the state government and the chancellor on the issue of appointment of vice-chancellors is yet to be resolved, PU administration has challenged the authority of the state vigilance investigation bureau to probe into the alleged acts of omission and commissions by PU vice-chancellor or other officials without obtaining prior sanction of the governor-cum- chancellor.In a letter written to the bureau, PU administration has quoted section 10 of the Patna University Act, 1976, as amended update, which states that the chancellor alone is empowered to \"inspect ... any act done by the university and to get such inspection done by such person or persons who may be directed by him, and to inquire or to cause an inquiry to be made in like manner, in respect of any matter connected with the university\".The letter states that the chancellor alone is competent to refer the individual complaint against the VC to the vigilance department within the ambit of Section 10(2) of the Act. This proposition is further reinforced both by the administrative instruction of the chancellor circulated to the universities of Bihar vide letter no. BSU-19/2009 (Pt) 3559/GS(I) dated October 17, 2009, and by the Supreme Court ruling that any act done without authority in law is ab initio void and cannot be ratified.The Patna University administration had lodged an FIR against the complainant Varun Sharma, and others with Pirbahore police station on August 29, 2011, for their alleged criminal offences. It is on Varun's complaint that the vigilance inquiry is directed, not by the chancellor but by the higher education department of the state government, overlooking the doctrine of malice in law i.e. out of turpitude no cause of action arises, the letter said.Citing Section 11(5) of the Act, the letter states, \"The vice-chancellor shall be the principal executive and academic officer of the university, chairman of the syndicate and of the academic council and, hence, he is authorized to hold, control and administer the property and funds of the university, manage any funds placed at the disposal of the university and take appropriate decision consistent with the Act, on all matters having financial implications only after obtaining the advice of the financial adviser.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333906", "title": "Vikram gets trained by Daniel Kish", "text": "The American expert in human echolocation and President of World Access for the Blind is in Chennai, Daniel Kish, is in Chennai and will be part of the press conference for Thaandavam with Vikram .Daniel Kish may have lost his sight but he has the world's most superior knowledge of echolocation. In Thaandavam , Vikram plays a police officer who goes blind and learns to sue his ears instead of his eyes. Daniel was integral to the movie as he was on the sets guiding Vikram through the process and ensuring he got his character right.Vikram is in awe of the man who lost his sight when he was just an eight-month old baby. The movie is set to release on Septmber 28. It beings together the Deiva Thiirumagal combo of Vikram, Anushka and director Vijay. Daniel Kish has come to Chennai for the release of the film and will be meeting the press as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330596", "title": "Why is early childhood care and education important?", "text": "While the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, ensures that education is a fundamental right of every child between six and 14 years, it seems to overlook the vital needs of early childhood care and education (ECCE).However, contemporary research establishes the fact that a child's brain grows at an extraordinary pace in the first six years of his/her life and lays the foundation for lifelong development . The experiences that a child draws from his surroundings contribute significantly to the formation of the synaptic connections in the brain.Given the importance of this first stage of education, particularly in the South Asian region, where a large proportion of children below six years reside, the Centre for Early Childhood Education and Development, Ambedkar University Delhi (AUD) and The World Bank organised 'The South Asian Regional Conference on Early Childhood Care &amp; Education - Policies and Practices: Towards 2015 and Beyond,' recently in the Capital.The objective of the conference was to bring ECCE centre stage into policy level discussions within the eight South Asian countries and deliberate on ways towards supporting the governments to formulate a regional strategy for South Asia for ECCE.Speaking at the conference, Venita Kaul, director, Centre for Early Childhood Education and Development, Ambedkar University Delhi (AUD), pointed out that while India's youth is its demographic dividend, if the country does not focus on ECCE, the next generation may not develop to its full potential.While Shyam Menon, VC, AUD, reiterated that the government needed to give priority to pre-primary education, Prem Narain, secretary, Ministry of Women and Child Development (MWCD), announced that the ministry of women and child development has formulated a draft policy on ECCE, which is still under the process for finalisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16330487", "title": "Thackerays are Biharis, should quit Mumbai: Lalu", "text": "PATNA: RJD president Lalu Prasad Yadav on Sunday asked Shiv Sena leader Balasaheb Thackeray, his son Uddhav and nephew and MNS chief Raj Thackeray to leave Maharashtra immediately as they, being Biharis, are themselves infiltrators.\"Bal Thackeray's entire family is originally from Bihar's Magadh region. They are not Marathas. They are actually Bihari kayasthas, now settled in Mumbai. So they should leave Maharashtra as soon as possible,\" Lalu said. He further said Mumbai is the financial capital of India.\"How can a family decide who will live in Mumbai?\" the RJD chief asked, adding that Biharis are contributing to building Maharashtra by their intellect and hard work.Arvind Charan Priyadarshi, an expert on the history of kayastha community, has claimed that Thackeray's ancestors were settled on the banks of Punpun river that passes through Bihar's Patna district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhavnanagar", "code": "16331301", "title": "Koli land to see a son rise", "text": "BHAVNANAGAR: Around 15 years ago when any Koli community member in Bhavnagar district faced problems, he immediately called up Parsottam Solanki, better known as 'Bhai.' But Solanki's phones have gone silent and all calls are diverted to his son Divyesh, who is preparing to don the mantle ahead of assembly elections.Frail health, corruption charges and stiff resistance from his own community has forced state's minister for fisheries Solanki to bring his son to salvage his political career that seems waning. Divyesh was made president of Koli Yuva Sena, a community arm that his father floated some years ago, six months back.Divyesh has not only started aggressive people's contact in the Koli-dominated region, but is also giving speeches that seek to bring back the goodwill among people. Community leaders are also leaving no stone unturned in trying to project him as the next leader.On July 6, local newspapers were flooded with huge advertisements and hoardings came up in the city, conveying birthday wishes to Divyesh. \"I am trying to serve my community and so I am taking active part in various programmes. My father has united the community and I would like to contribute in providing education to young generations in Koli community,'' the 22-year-old told TOI. Interestingly, Bhavnagar is not such a familiar territory for Divyesh, who has been born and brought up in Mumbai.But, on account of his father's failing health, Divyesh is constantly taking the tour of the area to know the pulse of the people. \"Divyesh takes part in all community gatherings and immediately attends calls from people, which his father uses to do. He is the young face of Solanki family and targets to attract Koli youths,'' a close aide of Solanki said. A third-year commerce student of Baba Saheb Ambedkar Open University, Divyesh is non-committal on making a career in mainstream politics. \"I have not decided on this yet. I would like to follow my father's footsteps to serve our community members,'' he added Sources close to Solanki said that during upcoming assembly polls, Divyesh would play a significant role and his ability would be tested, which would shape his political career. Koli votes have been split in coastal parts of Bhavnagar, especially in Mahuva, after the protest against Nirma's cement plant led by Mahuva BJP MLA Dr Kanubhai Kalsaria. Most of the affected people around the cement plant were Kolis who rever Kalsaria more than Solanki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16329604", "title": "Rest well, then hit road, cops tell truck drivers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With heavy vehicles involved in most fatal and non fatal road mishaps in the district, the traffic police here have initiated a special drive to educate drivers of heavy vehicles in healthy and safe driving practices--like taking adequate rest between drives.A recent study conducted by traffic police found sleepiness and rash driving to be the prime factors behind mishaps on highways involving heavy vehicle drivers.Increasing cases of accidents involving heavy vehicles on state and national highways in the region have claimed more than 40 lives in the last three months alone.The police said the drivers always seemed to be in a hurry to reach their destinations, and violate traffic norms in the process. \"There have been several accidents that were attributed to negligence on the part of drivers as they were driving despite directives by traffic police department to not drive vehicles when tired,\" said traffic inspector IP Singh while talking to TOI.Singh added, \"Drivers have been asked to take care of their mental and physical state before going for long drives.\" He said the awareness programme by the traffic police will focus on speed, alcohol, and lack of sleep, factors usually responsible for mishaps.He further said over 65% of the road mishaps occur on highways and connecting streets. As per NCRB report, over 210 people were killed in road mishaps in the region in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328400", "title": "Bandra locals to write to civic chief over Perry Cross renaming", "text": "MUMBAI: Bandra residents will write to municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Monday to protest against a move by Shiv Sena corporator Pooja Mahadeshwar to rename Perry Cross Road in the memory of the ghazal maestro, Jagjit Singh.Displeased with the move, members of Perry Cross South ALM, Perry Cross/Joggers' Park ALM and Perry Road Residents Association have stated in the letter that the renaming will serve no purpose but gratification of the late singer's wife Chitra Singh's ego.\"It will erase a part of our already vanishing local history,\" said Anil Joseph, chairman of Perry Road Residents' Association. Locals say that Jagjit Singh moved into the flat after his daughter's death for only two years and for all practical purposes was a South Mumbai resident.\" With the BMC's focus being on conservation of heritage structures, shouldn't it also be rightly applied to the conservation of heritage roads and their names,\" asked Joseph. An old timer in Bandra said that in the 1970s, yesteryear actor Nanda's family had also asked for renaming of Perry Cross Road. The demand was opposed by 3,000 Bandra residents. \"We hope BMC takes into consideration the views of citizens and shoots down this senseless proposal,\" stated the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16329066", "title": "Low turnout at Saligao zilla panchayat poll", "text": "MAPUSA: The voting for the zilla panchayat (ZP) byelection to the Saligao constituency ended peacefully with a low voting percentage of 39.09 % being recorded.Compared to the previous ZP election which registered a voting percentage of 84%, the voting turnout this time has drastically gone down.\"The election was held peacefully with the voting turnout of 39. 09 %,\" said Sabaji Shetye, the poll returning officer and Bardez deputy collector.Shetye told TOI that the total electorate for the constituency was 17,393 out of which 6,799 voters exercised their franchise. The male and female voters were almost balanced with male voters at 3,460 and female voters at 3,339.The election is being fought between BJP-supported Prakash Naik, independent Ongus Menezes and Harishchandra Sirsat. The seat fell vacant after former Saligao ZP member Michael Lobo successfully contested the assembly elections from Calangute and won in March this year.The Saligao ZP constituency comprises of five villages Guirim, Sangolda, Parra, Arpora and Saligao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334101", "title": "K Devu turns director with Dhanu", "text": "K Devu has turned director with a new film 'Dhanu' launched recently. K Devu who assisted G K Mudduraj in a few films has chosen Santhosh and Kushi in lead roles. For both of them this is their third film. Bullet Prakash, Killer Venkatesh, Petrol Prasanna, Biraadar are the other stars in the film.Devu said that the entire shooting of the film will be done in Bangalore and Chickamagalur where song picturisation has been planned. Hemantha Kumar has already composed songs for this film and camera work will be handled by Ramesh Koyira. Kaviraj and Maadev have written the lyrics for songs.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329770", "title": "Surtis struggle to clear drain water from houses", "text": "SURAT: At least 1000 people were seen cleaning up in central zone their houses and business premises, which were ravaged by drain water, in the past three days. Normalcy had started returning to the affected parts of the city from Saturday when water receded from water-logged areas and rains took a breather in the region.Salman Painter, a signboard shop owner on Kadarsha ni Nal, said, \"My workshop was ravaged. It was under two feet water. My paint, brushes and aluminum foils have been rendered waste.\"Meanwhile, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) workers cleaned up several streets and also sanitized them after water from there drained out on Sunday. This has helped several hundred people to return to their houses in the low-lying localities in the past 24 hours.The areas that were inundated included Reva Nagar in Rander-Adajan Road, Kadarsha ni Nal and Rajeshree Talkiz-Khetrapal Temple in central zone, Ved Road-Pandol and Atalji Nagar slums in Katargam zone.\"Our medical officers are out with their teams to sanitize the places that were under water,\" said Hemant Desai, SMC deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328535", "title": "MIM and MBT workers clash", "text": "HYDERABAD: A minor scuffle took place between MIM and MBT workers in Naseeb Nagar area of Chandrayangutta when an MBT worker was allegedly attacked by a local party worker of MIM. According to the complaint filed at Chandrayangutta police station by MBT worker Mohammed Momin, he was allegedly attacked by MIM worker Mohammed Shafi and others when he was making his way from his party office in Naseeb Nagar to a local mosque around 5 pm. tnnMBT corporator Amjadullah Khan alleged that Momin was attacked at the behest of Uppugudda MIM corporator Samed Ahmed Abdul. He alleged that Abdul was illegally creating plots on Naseeb Nagar nala which Momin was opposing. In a bid to set things even with Momin, the corporator along with other workers attacked him. However Chandrayangutta police officials denied the involvement of the corporator in Sunday's incident and said that both Momin and Shafi have been sent to OGH where their statements were recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16332566", "title": "Flood alert in Srinagar, people asked to shift to safer places", "text": "SRINAGAR: Authorities here on Monday asked people living along the banks of river Jhelum to shift to safer places as a flood alarm was sounded in the city due to rising water level in the river following incessant rains.River Jhelum is flowing above 16 feet in Ram Munshi Bagh area prompting the flood alarm, officials in the disaster management cell said.\"People living in temporary sheds along the banks of river Jhelum have been asked to shift to safer places,\" the officials said.Incessant rains have been lashing Kashmir since Saturday night, which has led to sharp rise in water level in streams and rivulets across the valley.Srinagar city has received 13.6 mm rainfall during the 24 hour period ending 8.30 AM this morning while Gulmarg tourist resort in north Kashmir recorded 39.2 mm rains during the period, an official of the MeT department said.He said the gateway town of Qazigund in south Kashmir's Anantnag district recorded 21.6 mm rainfall followed by Kupwara in north Kashmir at 20.9 mm and Pahalgam tourist resort at 11.6 mm.The heavy downpour has resulted in a drastic drop in maximum temperature as Srinagar recorded a maximum temperature of 18.9 degrees Celsius yesterday, nine degrees below normal, the official said.The rainfall has triggered concern among farmers as continued downpour can cause damage to paddy crops.On Sunday, 33 nomads, trapped due to flash floods in Jammu and Kashmir's Shopian district, were rescued by the army and the civil administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "16330325", "title": "Alert: There's money, but no action plan", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The state government has released Rs 15 crore for providing basic amenities in Naxal-infested areas in Sringeri, Koppa and Mudigere taluks, but the work is yet to begin as the district administration has failed to chalk out an action plan.The taluks are granted Rs 5 crore each which is to be used for providing water, laying roads, constructing foot bridges and hanging bridges and for illuminating their huts and roads with solar lamps. The government has asked the deputy commissioner to keep the grants in his account and release it when he receives a completion certificate for the works.While releasing the money, the government had instructed the district administration to prepare an action plan and take up the works in September. But this has not been done.When TOI spoke to villagers in the areas, they said their major demand was for a good communication system. The villages here continue to get marooned during monsoon as number of rivulets surface during rain every year. The villagers are forced to stay confined to their villages as it is difficult to wade through the gushing water. Given this, their immediate demand is for the construction of foot bridges across small rivulets and hanging bridges across rivers and big perennial rivulets.Their other pressing demands are regular water supply to their hamlets through pipes or building of cisterns. They also want roads to be laid at least for the use or two-wheelers.Many villagers also felt officers kept them in the dark about development projects. They suggested that a meeting be convened with villagers before taking up any project, so that its necessity can be ascertained before going ahead.A committee comprising officers, panchayat members and village heads should be formed and details of each project must be made known to people.Villages in remote areas should be provided with solar streetlights, so that barring the monsoon, the streets are lit during the remaining eight months of the year.As per the list released by the government, there are 250 villages in the three taluks - 158 in Sringeri alone, 57 in Koppa and 35 in Mudigere. Each village will be granted Rs 6 lakh for its development.When the Times of India contacted zilla panchayat chief executive officer Shivashankar, he said they are yet to finalize the action plan and are collecting details about the projects that need to be taken up in each of the villages. \"The deputy commissioner will soon hold a meeting and based on the information provided by the village panchayats, an action plan will be prepared,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16332713", "title": "Thane road project bares officials' rift", "text": "THANE: It was billed to be one-of-its-kind facelift project, but the contract for widening of the Glady Alvares road in suburban Thane has exposed the ugly rift in the civic administration here.Municipal commissioner RA Rajeev who has been critical about the goings-on in the city engineering department, responsible for the technical specifications and initiating news infrastructure projects, has promptly ordered an inquiry into the project by an IIT professor.Rajeev's move has set the cat among the pigeons, as officials in this department are getting increasingly restless and apprehend a disciplinary as well as criminal action should the inquiry report dig out flaws in the project.The head of the city engineering department KD Lala has already submitted his resignation to the civic chief last week setting tongues wagging in the civic corridors here. Although it is being made out that Lala sahib has resigned because of growing differences with the commissioner, the Glady Alvares road project was the last straw on the camels back,'' a civic official said.Lala's resignation has already triggered heated debate in Thane about his suspected culpability in the project. The project is suspected of being a contractor-driven initiative and that the technical specifications of material mentioned in the tender have not been compiled with by the contractor. Lala's resignation gives credence to this suspicion. Moreover, mid-level officials and the juniors fear that they would be made a scapegoat and blamed for any faulty implementation as the top engineers will go scot-free,'' an official said.Rajeev, however, has informed Lala that his resignation from the civic services will not be given a green signal till such time that any probe or inquiry against him is not completed.Although there is no inquiry pending against Lala at this time, it is now clear that Rajeev wants to file fresh inquiry against Lala should the Professor Krishnarao from the IIT report his findings to the TMC,'' he said.Also the use of a cheaper mechanized mastic asphalt technology to rebuild the entire two-km-long and 40 meters road at a premium rate of Rs 34.99 crore has triggered an angry debate here that time-tested procedures for road construction projects were not followed by the administration.A topping of 25 mm thick mastic asphalt layer is to be laid over a 200 mm thick carpet of rolled plain cement concrete (RPCC), ideally used in construction of cement concrete roads, besides putting up a foundation of bitumen and water-bound Macdam, said executive engineer Vikas Dhole who claimed that it was a new technology to strengthen the road and increase its life-span.At the present tender price, the construction cost of this internal city road will be as high as Rs 4,375 per sq metere. It is higher than the cost of cement concrete highways built by the PWD. Moreover, where is the need to give a mastic asphalt treatment on a rolled plain cement concrete layer which is a very sturdy surface. It's like coating a gold jewellery with some cheap metal,'' a PWD engineer told TOI on conditions of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330662", "title": "Fire department proposes Rs 38cr Kumbh budget", "text": "NASHIK: The fire department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has proposed a budget of Rs 38 crore for various disaster management related functions to disaster management for the Simhastha Kumbh mela in 2015.Since the mela will take place during the the monsoon months of important period of Simhastha Kumbh Mela beingJuly-August, the possibility of having to encounter floods or flood-like situations cannot be ruled out. Moreover, considering that priests would be staying at Besides, the godmen would be staying at the sadhugram at Tapovan in tents made of cloth, wood and other inflammable material, in addition to holding havans, efforts need to be made to fire preparedness.The fire department said precautions for crowd control to avert a stampede were also needed and control for the likelihood of stampede like that of last year needs to be taken into account.The department added that the disaster management cell needs to stock equipment and machinery including jeeps, ambulances, various equipments and material related to safety will be needed for the disaster management cell. Jeeps, ambulances, etc have already been proposeda GPRS navigation system to prepare for the event.It has also proposed the establishment of two fire brigade centres, at the Panchavati and Nashik West divisions considering the large influx of tourists during the mega event.The proposal includes two emergency flood rescue vans, 12 ambulances, four jeeps, two hydraulic platforms, two mega water bowzer (16,000-20,000 litre capacity), two quick response vehicles, 10 flood rescue launchers, 20 flood/search lights, poly propelone rope (5000 meters), 500 kg nylon rope, 100 life jackets, 130 helmets with headlamps, 5 HP portable pump set, one video and one still camera, 50 wireless with GPS, a van with ventilators (breathing instruments), one life search camera, rescue material, setting up fire stations near K K Wagh College and Horizon Academy, hiring extra manpower from NMC, social organisations, etc.The budget proposal has been approved by the Nashik civic authority's general body and has been sent tothe state government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16329526", "title": "Political scene hots up in Banas Dairy", "text": "Palanpur: On the day when entire nation was mourning the death of architect of White Revolution, Dr Verghese Kurien , Asia's biggest diary run by Banaskantha District Milk Producers Co-operative Union ( BDCMPU) witnessed a bitter political fight between supporters of chairman Parthi Bhatol and former BJP MP Haribahi Chaudhary in Palanpur.Election was held for 11 of the total 14 seats of the union after three seats Danta, Tharad and Deesa were declared won uncontested earlier, said election officer MB Oat.The rival groups virtually came to exchanging blows and the situation was controlled only after police intervened.Bhatol, the present chairman who was in Anand to participate in Dr Kurien's funeral,said, \"This is not the proper time (to indulge in such fights). Let wisdom prevail on both sides.\"Bhatol is seeking his eighth term as the diary's chairman.The counting will be held on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330323", "title": "56 Lankan refugees handed back to Tamil Nadu", "text": "MANGALORE: Fifty-six Sri Lankan Tamil refugees rescued from an aborted human trafficking bid were sent back to Tamil Nadu on Sunday. The repatriated refugees were among a group of 84 people, including 28 Indian nationals, who were attempting to leave India for Australia's Christmas Island in a private boat from Tannirbhavi, near here. An overnight raid by police scuppered the trafficking bid.IGP (Western Range) Pratap Reddy, also stand-in city police chief, told reporters here that a police team from Tamil Nadu's Dharmapuri district led by police inspector Srinivasan helped in checking the antecedents of refugees and the Indian Tamil-speaking nationals.Inputs from a police sub-inspector from the neighbouring state's CID wing, who was in the town on some other official duty, came in handy, he said.Of the 56 rescued refugees, 48 were registered and staying in 18 camps in Tamil Nadu, and the rest were unregistered.Of the registered refugees, 42 are men, five women and one boy; all unregistered refugees are men. Among the 28 Indian Tamilians, 21 (7 men, 10 women, 1 boy and 3 girls) are from Tamil Nadu, four from Kerala and three from Karnataka.All the 56 Lankan refugees will be handed over to the commissioner (rehabilitation) at Chennai on Monday. The 13 nabbed traffickers had taken Rs 30,000 to Rs 1 lakh from the refugees with a promise to ship them to Christmas Island. Of them 13, nine are refugees and four Indian Tamil-speaking citizens \u2014 three from Tamil Nadu and one from Kerala.Police produced the accused before the jurisdictional magistrate and sought custody of five accused for interrogation. The findings from the investigation case will be shared with the Union, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu governments for action, the IGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328929", "title": "Euthanasia case: Government offers financial, medical help", "text": "JAIPUR: Responding to the application of the couple who sought euthanasia for their two children who have been paralysed for years, the district administration and NGOs have come forward to help the couple get proper medication and financial aid for the kids.Udaipur collector, Hemant Gera after receiving the application by Ramila Devi, the children's mother sent a three-member team to the village to know the plight of the family.\"Our team visited them and assured them that we will provide them all possible help and requested them not request for euthanasia. I have also sanctioned a disability pension of Rs 500 each for the two kids Bhumika Kumari (8) and Tanish (4). Likewise, the family which is already below poverty line (BPL) will get a house under CM Awas Yojna,\" said Hemant Gera while talking to TOI on Sunday.Ramila Devi (30) a native of Sallada village near Sarada town of Udaipur had said that it is difficult to take the kids for treatment to Udaipur. \"Since they had said that they don't have enough money to get even the free medicines from the hospital, this time we took them in a government vehicle where a neuro-surgeon examined them. This time we gave them medicines for a month. I have personally asked the chief medical and health officer (CMHO), Udaipur to ensure the vehicle carrying medicine for the primary health centre should also bring the medicines from the doctor for the kids,\" Gera said.The district collector added that the family is actually poor and do not have enough money to take care of the kids.\"Apart from that we have assured them that they can directly come and meet me for further help. We will help them to ensure the family gets proper treatment for the kids,\" Gera added.Likewise, some NGOs have also come forward to help the family after news reports about the family's plight were published.\"Many people have visited us and told us that we need not worry about the kids. Earlier nobody was listening to us and now people are even coming with monetary help. Hopefully, my kids will recover,\" said Ramila Devi.Ramila Devi and her husband Ganeshi Lal are daily wagers and did not have enough money for the proper medication of their paralysed children. Thus, they had sought euthanasia for the kids by writing to the district collector. Their eight-year-old daughter Bhumika Kumari and a four-year-old son Tanish suffered a paralytic attack two years after their birth and became physically disabled. The illness has rendered them completely bed-ridden.EomTimes News NetworkJaipur: Responding to the application of the couple who sought Euthanasia for their two children who went paralytic for years, the district administration and NGOs have came to help the couple to get a proper medication and financial aid for the kids.The district collector, Hemant Gera after receiving the application by Ramila Devi the mother of the kids sent a three member team to the village to know the plight of the woman and her family.\"Our team visited them and assured them that we will provide them all possible help what they deserve and requested them not go for any kind of Euthanasia. I have also sanctioned a disability pension of Rs 500 each for the two kids including Bhumika Kumari(8) and Tanish(4). Likewise, the family which is already under below poverty line(BPL) will get a house under CM Awas Yojna,\" said Hemant Gera, District Collector, Udaipur, while talking to TOI over phone on Sunday.The mother Ramila Devi(30) a native of Sallada village near Sarada town of Udaipur had said that it is difficult to take the kids for medication to Udaipur.\"Since they had said that they don't have enough money to get even the free medicines from the hospital, this time we took them in a government vehicle where their case was shown to a Neuro Physician. This time we got them medicines for the kids for a month. I have personally asked the chief medical and health officer(CMHO), Udaipur to ensure the vehicle carrying medicine for the primary health centre should bring the medicines from Neuro Physician for the kids,\" Gera added.The district collector added that the family is genuinely poor and actually don't have enough money to take care of the kids.\"Apart from that we have assured them that they can directly come and meet me for further help. We will help them to ensure the family should get a proper treatment of the kids,\" Gera added.Likewise, some NGOs have also come for the help of the poor family after news reports showing the plight of the family was published.\"Many people have visited us and told us that we need not to worry for the kids. Earlier nobody was listening to us and now people are even coming up with monetary help. Hopefully, my kids will recover well,\" said Ramila Devi.It may be recalled that the Ramila Devi and her husband Ganeshi Lal are daily wages labourers and did not had enough money for the proper medication of the paralaytic children. Thus, they had sought euthanasia for the kids and had written to the district collector. Their eight-year-old daughter Bhumika Kumari and a four-year-old son Tanish suffered a paralytic attack, two years after after their birth and became physically disabled. The illness has rendered them completely bed-ridden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333657", "title": "Saptak and Manali to tie the knot soon", "text": "After dating for three long years noted Saptak Bhattacharjee and TV serial 'Bou kotha Kou' fame Manali De are all set ready to tie knot on this coming November 29. The duo first met at a reality show where Saptak was a contestant and Manali turned up as the celebrity judge, from where friendship and later romance. Both the families are now-a-days busy shopping for the wedding day. Manali has confirmed that there will be a function at their ancestral house at Midnapore, West Bengal. And when tried to know if she wish to continue acting after marriage, she replied in affirmative.Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/ coming-november-29-saptak-and-manali-will-tie-knot-10941", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16333137", "title": "UAS project to help students combat anaemia", "text": "HUBLI: With a view to help students overcome anaemia in their adolescent years, the food and science department of the University of Agriculture Sciences (UAS) has come out with a novel plan. It is distributing seeds of various vegetables to students so that they grow vegetables in the premises of their schools or the backyards of their houses. The consumption of these vegetables will help them fight anaemia. The scheme is taken up under the department of science and technology of New Delhi. Under the project, the UAS conducted a research in Dharwad taluk by taking a sample of 1,000 adolescents. It was found that about 900 of them were suffering from anaemia. As part of the project, the UAS visits schools and educates students on the causes and effects of anaemia, the preventive measures and the role of green and fresh vegetables in their diet. The UAS staff distributes packets of seeds to students. The school can grow vegetables in its premises using the seeds or the students can also take the seeds home for growing in their backyards. Already the UAS has distributed the seeds to several schools in rural areas of Dharwad taluk, including Garag, Etthinagudda, Noolvi and other villages. The purpose of the project is to create awareness among students on consumption of healthy food so as to prevent anemia.\"Normally teenagers suffer from deficiency of iron and less than normal quantity of hemoglobin in the blood, which leads to anaemia. Our survey found that about 90% children in Dharwad taluk are victims of anaemia. Vegetables are a rich source of iron. Adolescents should consume more and more vegetables in their daily diet,\" said HOD of food science &amp; nutrition of UAS Pushpa Bharati. Speaking to STOI, headmistress of Government High School for Girls, Garag, Kamala Belavadi hailed the efforts of the UAS in creating awareness among students and providing vegetable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330737", "title": "Scooter stolen from Satpur", "text": "NASHIK: A Honda Activa scooter, worth Rs 20,000, which belongs to Manoj Dev, a resident of Shivji Nagar, Satpur, was reportedly stolen on Saturday. The incident took place on Friday when unidentified persons stole the vehicle that was parked at Shivji Stadium, near CBS.A complaint was lodged with the Bhadrakali police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330230", "title": "UP to continue polio drive for next 3 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: State health officials have said that though not a single polio case has been reported in Uttar Pradesh in last one year, the pulse polio rounds will continue for the next three years. As a part of this programme, polio drops were given to more than 2.49 lakh children here on Sunday.\"It is only through sustained efforts that we can eliminate polio virus from the map of UP,\" said Lucknow chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav. He said about 2,800 booths were set up to cover around 8.01 lakh children in the city. Monday onwards, children will be covered in the house-to-house visit.Officials said one of the reasons for continuing the drive is the large number of patients suffering from acute flaccid paralysis (AFP), a symptom that indicates the presence of wild polio virus. It is on account of such high number of AFP cases that the risk of polio may not be completely ruled out in the state. Figures from the National Polio Surveillance Project (a WHO body that monitors polio immunisation programme in India) reveal that almost one-third of total AFP cases in India are from UP. In 2011, of 60,782 cases reported in the country, more than 22,300 were from UP.In a recent meeting between the health ministry officials and representatives of NPSP, it was concluded that \"though India has achieved a major milestone of not reporting any case of polio for more than a year and as a result has been struck off WHO's polio endemic list, the job is not done yet\". Thus, the health ministry would continue with efforts to promote community awareness, support polio eradication programme and motivate the polio workforce. Since UP and Bihar were especially sensitive for polio, these states would remain the core of focus. Along with this, the India expert advisory group on polio has stressed on the need for a highly sensitive surveillance system that is capable of rapidly picking up polio cases anywhere in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328507", "title": "Jundal changed houses in Pak to duck arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: After the 26/11 attacks, the Pakistan police also began arresting conspirators and arrested four top Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) commanders. However, Indian-born LeT operative, Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, narrowly escaped arrest as he was not present at the outfit's office. Scared of being arrested, Jundal had to change his residence thrice in the next few months.Jundal, who was zeroed in on by the Saudi Arabian intelligence agency, was deported from Riyaz to Delhi on June 20. He is facing at least eight terror-related cases in India.\"After a case was registered in Pakistan, the Federal Investigating Agency (FIA) reached LeT office and arrested the outfit's leaders\u2014Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Muzammil, Abu Alkama and Zarar Shah. At that time, I was present at Muzammil's office along with two associates\u2014Khalid and Abu Kahafa, and succeeded in fleeing from there,\" Jundal told Indian police. During his stint in jail, Muzammil gave orders to vacate all the camps of Bait-ul-Mujahideen (training house). On the same day, the Pakistani Army reached Bait-ul-Mujahideen and seized weapons.\"In January 2009, I got a passport in the name of Riyasat Ali s/o Khushi Mohammad, resident of Mohalla Rehmanpura, Dauok, Tehsil and P.O. Mauridke, District Shekhura, Pakistan. However, I did not find myself safe there. I, along with one Anas, went to Faislabad and stayed there for a month before returning to Muzaffarabad. On August 4, 2009, I got married to Mariam, daughter of Shahbaz Ismail of Muzaffarabad, and stayed in Uppera Mira in Muzaffarabad,\" Jundal told police.Four months later, Jundal again shifted his house to Rawalpindi because his wife was suffering from some allergy. In March 2010, Jundal shifted to Islamabad in the house of LeT operative Rashid alias Junaid at Karal.This was not enough. In April 2010, Jundal again shifted to Rawalpindi and stayed there till his presence in Pakistan. He had a net connection in that room. Here, he made passports for his wife and son, Abdul Saboor. To get a livelihood, Jundal began working as a commission agent in sale-purchase of old cars on the basis of 2% commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16329447", "title": "Mahapanchayat to oppose VDA demolition drive on ghats", "text": "VARANASI: The local unit of Shiv Sena and Kendriya Devdeepawali Mahasamiti will hold a mahapanchayat at Chittaranjan Park near Dashashwamedh Ghat on Monday in protest against the proposed demolition drive of Varanasi Development Authority (VDA).Following the fresh ruling of the Allahabad high court, the VDA has also planned to begin the demolition drive against the identified illegally constructed buildings along the ghats on Monday.The members of Shiv Sena and Kendriya Devdeepawali Mahasamiti held a meeting at Chaukhambha on Sunday to discuss the issue. It was finalised that any decision regarding the course of action would be taken in the mahapanchayat.An organization named as Kautilya Society had filed a PIL in Allahabad HC in 2005. Taking note of it, the HC had ordered demolition of illegal construction. To ensure compliance of the order, the VDA had prepared a list of illegally constructed buildings. For immediate restriction on construction at both the banks of Ganga in Varanasi, the HC ordered on July 27 that there shall be no construction within the 200 metres area from the highest flood level on both the banks of Ganga in Varanasi. The VDA and district administration were instructed to ensure the compliance of the order and place notice boards at the banks in this regard. The VDA was asked to file a detailed affidavit regarding demolition of construction and the difficulty, if any, be also brought before the court on the next date of hearing on September 24.VDA Sarvagya Ram Mishra said that action plan had been finalized to ensure compliance of the order. A special demolition drive would be launched from September 10 to 15 with the help of police. The same 58 buildings which were mentioned in the work plan of VDA in 2008 and shown as partially demolished in the report of the commissioner appointed by the HC, would be covered under the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328759", "title": "IIT-B to help engg colleges set up robotics facility", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay will help engineering colleges to set up a robotics laboratory on campus.The institute is planning to extend the Centre-sponsored robotics competition, e-Yantra, to teachers after receiving an overwhelming response.\"When we conducted workshops with teachers and gave them the robots, we found that many teachers enjoyed working on the embedded systems,\" said IIT-B professor Kavi Arya, who was instrumental in starting the nationwide competition in July.\"If given a chance, they will be able to utilize the resources and come up with solutions for pertinent problems,\" he added.Saraswathi Krithivasan, programme manager for e-Yantra, said the contest's details are yet to be finalized. \"We are yet to take a call on the nature of the event. We might also consider taking into account only colleges which participated in our workshop earlier,\" she said. Meanwhile, over 6,000 students from 200 colleges across the country registered for e-Yantra, which has been conceptualized by the ministry of human resource development under the national mission for education through ICT (NMEICT) to provide learning infrastructure to engineering students who have limited access to labs and mentors.Around 25% of the students who registered for the competition are girls. The institute has selected 480 students for the competition after rigorous selection process.The remaining students, who did not qualify for e-Yantra, can register for an 'ideas competition' that will start from Monday. \"Students can pick up any problems depending on their geographical locations and help in solving the problem using a machine,\" said Arya.\"For example, a student living in Ichalkaranji can come up with an idea that will help in the textile industry. They just need to have an idea and concept note on how the idea can be executed.\" The institute will give them the format of writing the plan and around 20 students who win the ideas competition will get to do internship at IIT-B.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16328895", "title": "Young hackers wanted to stay ahead of Pak peers", "text": "NOIDA: The cyber crime cell of Noida police has unearthed a case in which students in their early 20s were engaged in hacking websites and cheating people.DSP (cyber cell), Triveni Singh, said that the matter came to light after a leading online prepaid recharge service provider, offering recharges for all leading mobile, DTH and data card operators in India, filed a complaint of cheating amounting to Rs 50 lakh through hacking with Noida police.\"We filed a case under the IT Act and started investigating. When we scanned the numbers that were frequently recharged, we got to know of the IP addresses and also put the mobile numbers on surveillance,\" Triveni said.\"We managed to crack the case within 10 days and so far have arrested three hackers, identified as Manmohan Sardar alias Mack, Sumit and Ankit, all residents of Moradabad. While these three have been sent to jail, other big fish in the hackers' fraternity, identified as Srinivas alias Leo, a native of Maharastra, Ajay Dhaka alias Dark Look from Jaipur, and Rama Raman alias Google Warrior, are still at large. Manmohan is head of the Indian chapter of an international hackers' organization,\" Triveni said.When asked how these youths learnt hacking and what prompted them to join the hackers group, Triveni said, \"Social networking sites now have become den of criminals and at the same time a safe haven for them. The accused formed accounts on social networking sites and started teaching people how to hack the sites. Now, there are thousands of people who have joined the hacking club.\"\"During interrogation, Mack told us that in 2010 when the CBI website was hacked by a Pakistani cyber army, they decided to learn hacking techniques to prove that they were more intelligent than their counterparts from the neighbouring country. In November 2010, at least 36 government websites were reportedly hacked by the 'Indian Cyber Army',\" Triveni added.\"The hackers group has formed an account named Indishell.in, where they used to share hacking tips, latest developments and also teach freshers. Two of the core members of the Indishell team were arrested on February 19, 2012 in Hyderabad,\" Triveni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329245", "title": "Thrikkakara councillor passes away", "text": "KOCHI: Thrikkakara municipality councillor, K I Mohammed Kunju (50), representing the Model Engineering College ward, passed away on Sunday morning due to cardiac arrest. Though he was taken to a private hospital in the locality, he was declared brought dead.Mohammed, a first time councillor in the municipality, was also the chief whip of the Congress in the municipality.He had contested the last municipal election after taking voluntary retirement from the Cochin Port, where he was a crain operator.The funeral of Mohammed was held at the Karimakkad Juma Masjid on Sunday afternoon. Mohammed is survived by his wife, Ramla, and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16329655", "title": "NPCC urges EC to ensure free, fair polls", "text": "DIMAPUR: With the general elections in Nagaland due next year, the political affairs committee (PAC) of Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC) urged the Election Commission (EC) to ensure free and fair elections in the state.The PAC members led by K Therie and Asu Keyho told the EC in a meeting held on September 7 last that for many year genuine voters were unable to vote. They appealed to the EC that genuine voters should be given an opportunity to vote and elect their own representatives in the next general election. In this connection, the PAC submitted a four-point demand asking the EC to ensure photo electoral roll and ID card in the next election.They also requested the EC to direct the state election department for suo motto correction of errors/defective electoral roll like double/multiple entries, mismatched photos, underage enrollment and death detected in the draft electoral roll as per the provision under section 22 of the Representation of the Peoples Act, 1950.The PAC further demanded that security forces be empowered to screen the identity of voters with photo electoral roll, finger marking with indelible ink before allowing voters to fall in queue within the polling perimeter and installation of CCTV in all polling stations.According to the PAC members, the EC assured the delegation that it will deliver photo electoral roll and photo ID card in the next election and that all errors in the electoral roll will be corrected before the election.The EC said draft photo electoral roll will be published on October 1, 2012. It also assured that electoral roll will be made available in the website of CEO Nagaland. Thereafter, another opportunity will be given to all political parties and individuals for inclusion and objection, if any. It also appealed to all political parties and citizens to access the site for cooperation in cleaning the photo electoral roll.The EC assured that security forces will be empowered to screen identity of voters with photo electoral roll. A voter has to produce genuine photo ID card matching his/her image in the photo electoral roll to stand in queue within the polling perimeter.The EC also disclosed that second screening will be done inside the polling station with CCTV coverage in presence of polling officials and polling agents. In view of the assurances given by the EC, the NPCC appealed to all NGOs to help in the screening of the electoral roll as it is a necessity for a clean election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329911", "title": "Padri-ki-Haveli church celebrates Parish Day", "text": "PATNA: Prayer service and cultural programme marked the annual Parish Day at Padri-ki-Haveli church, Patna City, on Sunday to celebrate the achievements of the Parish Council (representatives of the people of a particular Church) in the fields of social service and education in the past year. The guests on the occasion were Shahid Ali Khan, minister for minority welfare &amp; information technology, Glen Gaulstaun, MLA, Jharkhand and Archbishop William D'Souza.Khan said the need of the hour was to remain united and work for the people, state and country to make a secular society which will build a strong state and country. Archbishop D'Souza congratulated the parishioners for the work done by them in the field of social service and education. Glen Gaulstaun praised the parish for the social works and successful event.Students from various schools in Patna City gave colourful performances, including hip-hop remix dance on 'Rehna hai tere dil mein' and 'O re kanchi' from Jesus and Mary Academy and a group song by students of St. Anne's School.Abhishek Patrick (member, Parish Council youth wing) sang a karaoke 'Tumne na jaana' and women forum and 'Krus Veer' of the parish also gave their performances with a one-Act play, 'Nyay ka Din' and dance respectively.Padri-ki-Haveli church is more than 300 years old and is also the oldest church in Bihar and Jharkhand. Ambrose Patrick, vice-president of the Parish Council, welcomed the guests. Other members whose help made the event a success were the council secretary, Richard Ranjan, youth activist Abhishek Patrick and council members Agnes, Michael, Albert, Rajesh, Kanta, Pushpa, Mary, Francis, Basil, Ajita, Rosemand, Shanti and Sisters of Missionary of Charity and Mata Sada Sahayika and principals of different schools of Patna City area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333266", "title": "Anushka Singh &amp; Manmohan Tiwari in Savdhaan India", "text": "This week, Life OK's Savdhaan India Fights Back will witness the infamous case of Asharfi Devi, the lady who fought back with the false system for almost 20 years, just to prove her identity. Sounds weird, isn't it?The makers (Endemol India) for this particular episode have zeroed on Anushka Singh and Manmohan Tiwari to do justice to the characters. While, Anushka Singh will essay the character of Asharfi Devi, Manmohan will play her cruel husband, Ram Brij.\"The episode is based on one of the cruel prejudice done on an innocent lady known as Asharfi Devi as her husband for his gains declares her as dead,\" informs source.When contacted, Anushka Singh said, \"It's a very beautiful episode and I am enjoying every bit of it. I would suggest each and every one to watch it.\"Manmohan Tiwari on the hand too confirmed the news.This particular episode will go on air on 11th September, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16335644", "title": "'Spreading smile' project to help children with cleft lip/palate", "text": "PUNE: Majority of cleft lip/palate cases occur in rural India. With no access to medical care, children with clefts are doomed to a life of suffering and torment. Socio-cultural beliefs further worsens their problem, say experts.Untreated clefts lead to a host of problems - both physical and psychological - that include poor speech, impaired hearing, regurgitation of food and liquids through the nose, upper respiratory tract infections, depression, low self-esteem, dental and orthodontic problems\"Without corrective surgery, these children are condemned to a lifetime of isolation and suffering. Taunted and tormented for their disfigurement, they cannot attend school, hold regular jobs or get married. Many are even abandoned at birth,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Neeraj Adkar of SaiShree Hospital.A cleft can be corrected with a small surgical procedure that takes as little as an hour and cost as little as Rs 12,000- Rs 15,000 with a hospital stay of 3-5 days.In most cases, the cause of cleft lip and cleft palate is unknown. Most scientists believe clefts are due to a combination of genetic and environmental factors. There appears to be a greater chance of clefting in a newborn if a sibling, parent, or relative has had the problem. Another potential cause may be related to a medication a mother may have taken during her pregnancy.\"Age is the most important consideration in case of surgery for cleft lip and palate. The earlier is the better in the case. Optimal results are obtained, when patient is operated at an early age. An early operation helps in normal language development of the child, which starts at 8-9 months. The reason being: child will be free of the deformity before that,\" Adkar said.The 'Spreading Smiles' project by Sai Seva Charitable Trust is launched to make treatment of cleft lip and palate accessible to those who cannot afford it. Under this project surgeries on these children are done for free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16329451", "title": "'No rift between JD(U) &amp; BJP'", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Bihar deputy speaker Amrendra Pratap Singh has said the law and order situation in Bihar is relatively better than that in Jharkhand. This is in sharp contrast to that claim made by former Bihar DGP D N Gautam who had said on Saturday that the crime scenario in Bihar and Jharkhand was on equal pedestal.Singh said although incidents of crime cannot be stopped completely, the police machinery in his state was effective, efficient and responsive. \"The response of the police machinery after the killing of Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh in Ara was swift and effective. The Bihar police had successfully contained the violence within hours of the murder,\" Singh said. While Singh made his remarks while talking to the media here on Sunday, Gautam gave his views in a debate on the crime graph in Jharkhand and Bihar.Gautam, who is the former security adviser to the Jharkhand government, had also said corruption in Bihar was no different to that of Jharkhand. Singh lauded Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda for his \"dedicated\" approach to ensure speedy development of the state.He, however, said political instability had plagued Jharkhand since its inception. \"Our alliance with the JMM in the present government is a political compulsion (to avert mid-term assembly polls),\" Singh said and expressed hope that Jharkhand would join the developed states in the next three to four years.Quashing reports of alleged infighting between the ruling JD(U) and BJP both of which are part of the NDA, Singh said: \"Difference of opinion is always there on critical issues but the alliance takes unanimous decision on any issue following joint consultations.\" He said both the alliance partners were united in Bihar.\"Where is the question of difference with the JD(U) on the issue of Prime Ministerial candidate for the 2014 parliamentary elections. The candidate selected by the BJP will be supported by all the NDA partners,\" he said.Adding voice to his party's call for a thorough probe into the coal block allocation scam, Singh said an impartial and independent inquiry would alone unearth the facts of the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329229", "title": "74 cases of drug-resistant tuberculosis detected", "text": "PUNE: As many as 213 cases of multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) have been reported in the district in the last six months, with the highest number of cases being found in Pune city (74) followed by Pimpri-Chinchwad (65), said the referral laboratory at the Aundh chest hospital which started functioning on February 10. The interior parts of the district have reported 74 cases.\"All the patients of MDR-TB are cases of pulmonary (lung) tuberculosis diagnosed between February 10 and August 31,\" said Kanchan Jagtap, chief medical officer in charge of the State TB Training and Demonstration Centre (STDC) at the Aundh Chest Hospital.Since the lab became operational, experts have begun demarcating the MDR cases from the regular TB cases. Tuberculosis can become resistant if a patient is not treated for a long time, or he doesn't take the prescribed medication regularly. If not detected and put on treatment, a patient of MDR-TB can spread the infection through droplets he/she expels while coughing or sneezing.\"An MDR-TB patient does not spread the infection after three months of treatment as the sputum is devoid of the disease-causing bacteria. The patient is also taught cough-hygiene and cough-etiquettes to ward off the spread of infection. Twenty-four months of treatment can completely cure a patient of MDR-TB,\" Jagtap said.Jagtap said a multi-pronged approach has been adopted to tackle the menace of TB and its multi-drug resistant form. \"We are creating awareness, detecting patients, counseling them to adhere to treatment and offering them free treatment. The recent Union government notification has made TB a notifiable disease - meaning even private medical practitioners will have to report a TB case to the government. The move will bring every TB case in government records and will automatically preclude irrational treatment,\" said Jagtap.According to the Union Health Ministry, the private sector is the first point of contact for health services for 60% Indians. Early diagnosis and complete treatment of TB is the key to prevention and control strategy. Inappropriate diagnosis and irregular/incomplete treatment with anti-TB drugs may contribute to complications, spread of the disease and emergence of drug-resistant TB.Multi-drug-resistant TB has reached menacing proportions with 15 lakh new cases reported across the world every year. According to World Health Organization (WHO), around 73,000 notified new TB cases in 2010 were already multi-drug resistant. Of these, less than 3,000 were detected.The WHO says 2.1% of new cases in India are MDR-TB while as many as 15% of TB cases receiving re-treatment are developing MDR-TB. Undiagnosed and mistreated cases continue to drive the epidemic in India. In 2010, there were around 2.3 million TB cases with 360,000 deaths. Around 1,000 people die of TB every day. Nearly one in six deaths among people aged 15-49 is due to TB. Nearly 100,000 cases of serious MDR-TB are estimated to occur in the country annually, and each case costs more than Rs 1 lakh to be diagnosed and treated.\"Earlier, there were only suspected cases of MDR-TB. Now, we have been able to ascertain the exact number of MDR-TB cases in the city,\" said S T Pardeshi, health chief at the PMC.Information:MDR- TB cases in the districtPMC areas: 74PCMC areas: 65Rural: 74Total: 213(Source: State TB Training and Demonstration Centre (STDC), Pune)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328505", "title": "LeT operative was duped of Rs 50,000", "text": "MUMBAI: LeT operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal told interrogators that he had sent Rs 50,000 to help an accused in a terror case in India but the person who was to deliver the money cheated him and never handed over the money to the accused's family.Earlier, TOI had reported on how Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives were cheating their handlers and siphoning off money. However, this time Jundal himself got cheated.In October 2010, Jundal went to Saudi Arabia . He told police that he saw one of his relatives, Qamar Malik (name changed), in Madina where he was employed in a hotel. He took Malik's number before returning to Pakistan . In January 2011, Malik called up Jundal to inform him that he was going to India for a week. \"Next day, Jundal went to the office of his handler, Muzammil, and asked for a financial favour for those who were arrested in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. Muzammil gave him 4,000 riyals (around Rs 50,0000). Jundal spoke to Malik and gave him address of one Kashif, whose brother, Arif, was in the Aurangabad jail. Jundal sent that money to Malik through hawala,\" said an investigator.Police sources said that after sending the money, Jundal called up Malik and inquired if the money was handed over to Kashif's family. \"Malik told Jundal that he was trying to trace the address and assured that he will deliver the money as soon as possible,\" said police.One day while searching a social networking website, Jundal saw the wedding card of Malik's brother on his account's wall. Jundal noted down Malik's brother's mobile number from there. After calling up on that number, Jundal took Malik's new mobile number and contacted him. \"Malik said he tried to search the address but could not find it. Malik disconnected the call, asking Jundal not to call him again,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16329841", "title": "City scientist ends 'record breaking' speech", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: City-based agricultural scientist Dr Pothula Srinivasa Brahmanand on Sunday concluded a marathon lecture in his bid to enter the Guinness Book of World Records under the \"longest speech marathon\" category. \"I spoke for around 33 hours 45 minutes surpassing the record of M Madasamy of Kerala who spoke non-stop for 30 hours,\" Brahmanand told TOI.The scientist started his speech on \"Science and Technology, Society and Human Development\" at 8 am at KIIT University on Thursday and concluded at around 8.15 pm on Sunday. \"I have taken around 2 hours 10 minutes break, which will be deducted from the total time,\" he said, adding the video recordings will be sent to the authorities concerned for assessment and verification before confirming that it is indeed a world record.The main objective of the attempt was to create awareness among different sections of public about various topics related to human development, human rights, spiritual concept, Indian constitution, history, geography, polity, economy , botany, zoology, human systems, agriculture and contemporary issues of the society, said the scientist at Directorate of Water Management ( Indian Council of Agricultural Research), Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16329177", "title": "'Government depertments not updating websites as required under RTI Act'", "text": "PANAJI: With a number of the recently tarred major roads in the state in a pathetic condition post the monsoon, a seminar titled 'How to file RTI applications to improve our roads' sought to enable people to rectify this.\"Roads are the biggest scam in India...bigger than the 2G scam ,\" said The International Centre Goa (ICG) director Nandini Sahai. Elucidating, Sahai said as both state and central governments are involved in road works, the amount of money going into road building was huge. She said it was imperative to check which contractor was executing a particular road, what was the cost involved, how long the road would last, etc.The RTI for good governance seminar organized by the RTI Forum Goa and ICG at ICG, Dona Paula, was addressed by officials from the public works department as well as the RTO.Sahai said the contractors do not even remove the previous layer of tar before laying a fresh layer and hence the next monsoon, the road peels off. \"I am absolutely appalled at the condition of the roads, the streetlights,\" she concluded.IAC member Satish Sonak said, \"As per Section 4 of the RTI Act 2005, all the records of the department have to be computerized and put on the website.\" He lamented that most of the websites of government departments were not implementing this. He added that if the websites were updated with the requisite information, people would not need to file RTI applications for the same information, saving time and additional paperwork for the department staff in the process.Section 4 (1) (a) of the RTI Act 2005 states that \"every public authority shall maintain all its records duly catalogued and indexed in a manner and the form which facilitates the right to information under this Act and ensure that all records that are appropriate to be computerized are, within a reasonable time and subject to availability of resources, computerized and connected through a network all over the country on different systems so that access to such records is facilitated\".Sonak said departments were using the loopholes of 'reasonable time' and 'availability of resources' in the rule. He said the reasonable time has not been defined and this needs to be done and also a separate resources budgetary allocation to each department should be made for the purpose.He said the state information commissioner has the power to ensure that Section 4 of the act is implemented but was not doing so. He also urged people not to wait with information obtained under RTI but use it for the benefit of the society.Sonak felt that while all the people cannot became MLAs or MPs, they can utilize the RTI which he said is a powerful weapon. Yogesh Kambli whose documentary was screened at the seminar said people should make government departments accountable through RTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333230", "title": "Emraan Hashmi\u2019s surprise visit for his fans", "text": "Emraan Hashmi on Sunday night decided to give his Raaz 3 fans another thrill apart from his movie.He made a surprise appearance at Gaiety Galaxy in Bandra. The actor greeted all his fans watching the movie and asked for their opinions.Everyone seemed to love the fact that he was there. After a brief interaction with the media, he left from the theatre leaving his fans super thrilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333570", "title": "Rangan Chatterjee's next inspired by Ray's work", "text": "After 44 years someone from the industry has dared to touch the work of Bengal's most successful and talented director Satyajit Ray . 'Bor Asbe Ekhuni' fame director Rangan Chatterjee's untittled next is inspired from Ray's 'Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne'. Where superstar Dev will portray the character of Goopy, Rahul will play the role of Bagha; or singer and drummer respectively. Tollywood heart throb Subhasree Ganguly will also star in the film.Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/rangan-chatterjees-next-inspired-goopy-gyne-bagha-byne-10750", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328414", "title": "Nargis Juneja murder: CBI questions husband's family", "text": "GURGAON: A CBI team on Sunday questioned the family members of Rakesh Juneja, the husband of Nargis Juneja who was murdered in her DLF Phase III house on December 1 2010. Nargis, 42, was the director of a popular playschool in the city.A CBI officer confirmed that a team had conducted raids in 3-4 places in Gurgaon and Delhi in the connection with the murder case. An officer of the Gurgaon police also said that a team of the investigating agency was in the city between afternoon and late evening, however, it did not contact the police. According to a police source, CBI officials reached Rakesh's DLF Phase III house on Sunday afternoon and questioned his family members. The officials also raided Rakesh's export firm in Sector 37D. They, however, could not talk with any firm official as it was a holiday, said the source.On December 1 2010, some assailants entered Nargis's house and slit her throat, while her domestic help was tied and gagged. Police had interrogated Rakesh after Nargis's family members accused him of killing her. A month later, Rakesh was arrested. Police had claimed that Rakesh bought a bungalow in Sector 52 for a woman employee of his firm a few days before the murder, which led to frequent arguments between the couple.Later on December 25, a city court framed charges against him for conspiring to kill Nargis. However, Rakesh, who had later filed a bail application in the Punjab and Haryana high court, was granted bail on April 4 this year. Rakesh had also demanded a CBI probe into the case. On May 24 2012, the murder case was handed over to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334431", "title": "It\u2019s an honour to work with Vidya: Emraan Hashmi", "text": "Emraan Hashmi, who has had a career surrounded with many controversies, is one man who doesn't believe in mincing words. He speaks his mind on issues he feels strongly about.Just the same, Emraan feels that banning 'A' rated films on television despite required editing is not fair. He says, \"This is a wrong decision. It will restrict the creative freedom of a filmmaker and will adversely effect the business. Television is a major source of revenue for the film industry and this a huge dent for the business for us.\" He adds,\"There is so much of regressive content on television shows, why aren't there any censorship on that? There should be a choice and people should take the decision what to see and what to avoid. An outside agency deciding it for the audience is not correct.\"But as far as Emraan's career graph is concerned, he seems to have no complains about it.Though, now being hailed as one of the most dependable stars in Bollywood Emraan feels there is still a long way to go for him. And his on-screen pairing with Vidya Balan for the second time in his upcoming film Ghanchakkar has also joyed the star.He says, \"These are popular actresses and they are capable of carrying a film on their shoulders on their own. It's an honor to work with them. And this is a good phase for Indian cinema that is seeing a variety of subjects onscreen and it's exciting times for actors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328557", "title": "Simulators, short films to be part of driving test", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai RTOs plan to introduce new procedures to make driving tests foolproof.Said a senior official, \"We are in the process of procuring new car driving simulators for city RTOs, besides introducing six short films for candidates on road signs and safe driving.\" It will be mandatory for every candidate to sit for the 10-minute short films, two of which have been made by RTO officials from Panvel and Pune. Besides, one will have to go through the car simulator tests, which is actually driving a vehicle in virtual reality. \"It will be easy for our inspectors to judge the skills of a driver before he or she actually takes the road test. Also, it will build up confidence of the candidate taking a driving test,\" an officer said. He said the transport department has already given a proposal to the government to procure the simulators. The Andheri RTO, for example, will shift to a new building soon, which will have a huge hall for simulators. Besides, there will be a lounge for candidates and they can sit and watch short documentary films on road safety and traffic rules.Even the actual driving tests will also have two levels of examination. \"After giving a test in front of an inspector, the candidates will be lined up and a senior officer will randomly choose some candidates and ask them to give the test for a second time,\" an officer said. This will ensure there is no bias. \"If a candidate fails in the second test, the inspector will be pulled up for favouring him or her,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334404", "title": "Yevadu shooting to move to Vishakapatnam", "text": "Actor Ram Charan Tej is all set to start shooting for a new schedule of Yevadu starting from September 14, in Vishakapatnam. The actor has been on a tight schedule shooting simultaneously for Zanjeer and VV Vinayak's Nayak besides Yevadu over the past few months.The film's unit is presently shooting in Hyderabad where actress Amy Jackson joined the unit recently. Samantha is playing the female lead in this film. Touted to be an action thriller, the film also has Allu Arjun playing a cameo in the movie.Vamsi Paidipally is directing the movie. Dil Raju is producing the film under the Sri Venkateshwara Films banner. Kajal Aggarwal has also been roped in to play a special role in the movie. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for the movie. Scarlet Wilson has done a special item number for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16329110", "title": "Kamat committed abuse of power: Shah commission", "text": "PANAJI: Shah commission has observed that the former chief minister Digambar Kamat has committed \"abuse of power\" by allowing condonation of delay for renewal of lease of over an area of 60 hectares of land at Sulcorna village of Quepem taluka for extraction of iron ore and manganese ore.\"The delay condonation by the minister for mines is against the provisions of law. It is also against the order of the central government which is an ultimate authority as regards the approval/rejection of applications is concerned. The central government has rejected delay condonation application and desired to process the application under Rule 59 (2) of the MCR, 1960. Hence, this order is against the law and abuse of power,\" said Justice M B Shah in it report on Goa mining.In this case, Shah commission report has also pointed out a noting from the secretary (mines) ,who had also declined to condone the delay. The report states that it is relevant from the noting of the secretary (mines) dated August 10, 2005, which read as under: \"Since the application is 706 days late, it indicates laxity on part of the petitioner. From the file, I do not see any clear recommendation why the delay should be condoned. The previous secretary also did not tilt in favour of the petitioner. There are no precedents also. To my mind we may therefore reject.\"Shah commission has also questioned that under which provisions and powers under mining laws, the minister for mines heard the matter and after hearing, he has issued order to allow the application for condonation of delay. This is unlawful and may be first of its kind.Under the provisions of Rule 24A of the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, (for short 'MCR, 1960'), the lessee was supposed to file renewal application 'Form J' at least 12 months before the date of expiry of lease period but from the records, it is noted that the renewal application has been filed by the lessee on October, 11, 2000, which is almost 11 months after the expiry date of the lease period.The logic of the applicant for condonation of delay is not justified since he is well acquainted with law and his mining lease was not in operation since last 6 to 7 years on the day of filing renewal application stated the Shah commission report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329404", "title": "Bunking XISS girls send parents, police in a tizzy", "text": "RANCHI: In what could be a lesson to all those planning to bunk a night out of college hostels, two female students sparked citywide panic when they did not return to their hostel on time.The two management students, who had disappeared from Xavier Institute of Social Sciences (XISS) hostels on Saturday night, eventually returned on Sunday. In their absence, theirparents were called to the institute and a missing persons' case was lodged at a police station.Prarthana Sarkar and Anchita Mishra study human resources management at the institute. While Prarthana hails from Kolkata, Anchita is from New Delhi.XISS sources said the girls had gone to Netarhat after an exam to have a good tome. The parents of both the girls have also come from Delhi and Kolkata after the hostel authorities informed them about the incident. City SP Vipul Shukla said that the police had circulated the information widely on wireless on Saturday night.Both the girls had appeared in an examination on Saturday morning. \"They had arrived at the hostel around 12 noon. Around 2pm they left,\" said an official at the hostel. The girls were to report back at the hostels at 7.30pm. When the duo did not report, the authorities tried to contact them on phone. Phones of both of them were not reachable.The authorities were frantically looking for them all night. Around 12 noon, the parents and the hostel authorities informed police. The girls informed the police that they went to Netarhat on Saturday afternoon. It takes more than four hours to reach Netarhat from Ranchi As night had fallen, the girls could not return on Saturday. \"They are not familiar with the locations and thus they could not get back on time,\" said an XISS official.Venkatesh Kumar, officer in-charge of Lalpur police station, where a missing persons' dairy was registered by XISS administrator Sanjeet Lakara, confirmed the return of girls. \"We are yet to interrogate the girls. They returned to Ranchi this (Sunday) afternoon,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330434", "title": "Futuristic campus welcomes students", "text": "The Spanish business school ESADE's Creapolis campus at Sant Cugat opened its doors to students last week. ESADE's fulltime MBA has been relocated to the new premises, which is 15 minutes from the school's Barcelona campus. Around 160 students from 45 different countries are going to enjoy the benefits of the new space, which has been specially designed to foster interaction between the business and academic world.The first MBA programme at Sant Cugat campus is now underway with 95% of the students from overseas, from a variety of countries including India, US, Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Argentina, Japan, China, UK, Germany, Russia, Nepal and Indonesia. All of them are first year students in the academic year 2012-2013.The Corporate International Master ( CIM), Bachelor of business administration-BBA taught entirely in English, double degree in business administration and law, and the new Master for access to the legal profession are the other new programmes for the 2012-2013 academic year at ESADE.According to Gloria Batllori, executive director of ESADE's full-time MBA, the relocation of the MBA to Creapolis is a key development. \"Not only with respect to the improvement in facilities, but above all due to the opportunities that our students will have to interact with companies and professionals while completing their MBA. This interaction will greatly enrich their educational experience here, and we believe that it will also be of benefit to companies who are residing at ESADE Creapolis to be in contact with talented young people from all over the world.\"The MBA costs around 59,700 euros and many different types of scholarships are available for all students irrespective of country of origin. Students do not need to know Spanish to be admitted as tuition is carried out in English.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328926", "title": "Rajasthan has a plan for minorities", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the Sachar Committee Report of 2006 that showed that the literacy rate among Muslims being far lower than national average, and their representation in managerial and professional classes poor, little has been done to facilitate their greater integration with the mainstream. The Ashok Gehlot government in Rajasthan, however, is set to change that.The Rajasthan government has now formed a separate department to address minority affairs to encourage smoother integration of minority groups, especially their youth and women.\"As desired by the minority community, the chief minister has already brought all the different welfare schemes and departments associated with the minority community under one department,\" a senior state government official said.\"As a result, administrative control of a host of organizations such as the state haj committee, the Waqf Board, madrassa board, Minority Commission, Minority Finance and Development Cooperative Corp Ltd is now under one roof,\" the official told agencies.\"In the next step towards their welfare, more emphasis is being laid on providing employment opportunities for youth from the minority community through better educational facilities, financial help and by improving training services,\" the official said.Of the state's total population of 68.62 million, nearly 8% is Muslim.Officials said approval has been granted for opening madrassa (schools traditionally used for teaching Islamic theology) along with schools in areas with substantial Muslim population, to encourage more children, especially girls, to go to school.According to the state madrassa board, the chief minister's office has also started a madrassa modernization plan for imparting quality education as also for repairing and modernizing madrassa buildings.\"Under the modern education plan, approval have been given for a grant of Rs10.11 crore to 241 madrassa,\" a senior official in the board said. ians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330592", "title": "Public prospects", "text": "After completing my BA in political science next year, I want to pursue my Master's in public administration . What are the career prospects of this course? Kokila SenAn MA in public administration will give you the option of going into teaching at the school or college level (for teaching in a college, you will have to clear the UGC-NET exam). You could also explore research jobs in institutions focusing in political and social issues. For eg, IDSA, CPR (Centre for Policy Research), CSSR (Centre for Social Science Research) or other think tanks such as USI or NGOs like NFI (National Foundation of India), among others. Public administration, as it is popularly called, is a common favourite for the UPSC Civil Services Exam (in combination with geography law, sociology , etc). If you make it to the Indian Administrative Service (IAS), you can put your theoretical knowledge of the subject into practice.FUTURE DILEMMAI am in class XII. I am very confused regarding what field to choose after school. I want to pursue something related to design but I am not sure whether fashion design would be the right field for me. How should I decide? Please guide me. Aftab BegFrom an upcoming profession, fashion design has developed into an established mainline career today. But the fancy salaries and glitzy photo-features we see in the doublepage spreads of fashion glossies are only for the handful of genuinely talented designers graduating from the premier fashion schools and that too after years of sweat and hard work. For the rest, establishing a toehold in the industry is no cakewalk. Moreover, carving a successful career in any of the many design-related fields demands the right mix of skills and talents. You must possess good creative and visualising ability, be good with colours and design, be able to sketch/draw/paint reasonably well and be good with your hands. If you fit the bill, then why just fashion design, even other design-related careers such as textile design; knitwear design; accessory and jewellery design as also footwear design could be the areas you could try for. Other creative fields that you could consider are visual merchandising, graphic design, product design, architecture and interior design. However, if your creative skills are not that heightened, but you would still desire a career in a creative field, then check out courses such as fashion merchandising, fashion styling, fashion management or even fashion communication. If you're not sure about joining a course in any of these fields straight after school, then take up a regular Bachelor's degree and alongside take up short-term diploma courses in some of these areas. This will help you get a better idea of what is involved in each discipline and your suitability for it while choosing a specialisation at the PG level.CAREER IN BANKINGI am a student of class XII (PCM). Despite having science as my stream of study, I am not too keen on engineering but I am very good at math and would like to pursue a career in it. One field, which I am considering is the banking sector. How should I proceed? Isha JamwalHow lucky you are. For most numerically-challenged , math-phobic mortals , a number-crunching math wiz (like you) seems to belong to a different galaxy altogether. Career opportunities are truly wide and varied for people who have a talent and passion for mathematics. Moreover, the skills you develop while studying for a math degreesuch as the ability to think logically as well as in abstraction will prove to be a great asset in any profession. No wonder it is called the queen of sciences . Mathematics finds multifaceted applications in all walks of life, including banking, business and law. Some of the careers where a mathematical background is particularly valued are actuarial science (insurance ), taxation, business management , finance, computer science, operations research, market research (specifically quantitative) and media planning. The banking and financial services sector is a major growth area where the work focuses on portfolio management , financial control methods and forecasting, equity research, financial planning, etc. For all these, MBA (finance), MFC, CA, CFA will hold you in good stead. For RBI jobs: www.rbi.org.in Many financial services companies, research labs of multinational companies , etc, are aggressively hiring Indian mathematicians and the best part is that the pay package is better than that offered to IT professionals. Business analytics is another area, which you can get into if you do an MBA (finance).OIL DEMANDCan you please tell me something about the prospects in the oil drilling sector? Varun YadavThe opening up of the Indian petroleum sector to private players, dismantling of price controls and the spiralling fuel costs combined with ever-increasing consumption of petroleum products have brought the oil industry into the forefront. Over the next 50 years, global energy consumption is expected to go up by 50%. Until we find cheap sustainable fuel, one of the major challenges of the oil industry is going to be centered on finding new oil. And to find the oil, we need to have machines like super computers and hi-tech imaging systems , not to mention, competent people. There is a marked paucity of talent both at the upstream (oil and gas exploration) and downstream (refining) levels. Geoscientists for exploration operations , drillers and project managers are expected to be in great demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16328736", "title": "Cops get unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) power to hunt for Maoists in Andhra-Orissa Border (AOB)", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The hunt for Maoists will be intensified with the deployment of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) which will track the Naxalites in the Vizag Agency area for the benefit of special party police who are finding it difficult to take up combing operations in the hilly terrain of Andhra-Orissa Border (AOB) during monsoon season.Security forces tested the UAV in the AOB twice last month. The UAV scanned the extremists' hideouts and their passages in the AOB in general and Malkangiri in particular, sources said. The police operated the UAV from Hyderabad and not from Madhurapudi airport in Rajahmundry, as the requisite monitoring system has not been installed there yet, the sources said.The police launched the drive against Maoists in the first week of August during the time when the rebels were observing the martyrs' week following inputs from intelligence sleuths about a gathering of the guerrillas. \"We have decided to deploy the UAV to track Naxalites,\" a senior police officer told TOI. The UAV is already in use in north Telangana and Chhattisgarh border, the sources said.With the use of the Rs 40-crore worth UAV, the security forces would be able to make further inroads into the Maoist den. \"The UAV, capable of intercepting wireless messages apart from clicking aerial photographs, enhances the preparedness of the cops,\" a senior official involved in anti-insurgency operations said.The UAVs also possess ground and foliage penetration radars which provide logistical support to paramilitary forces, special parties and the Greyhounds, the elite commando force of the state police. \"Trial runs of UAVs were conducted during the monsoon as the combing parties were in no position to enter deep inside the jungles. Had they been stationed in Rajahmundry and operated from there, they could have surveyed a far greater area,\" the police officer said.Along with the UAVs, the central government has granted a troupe carrier chopper to Visakhapatnam district which would be based at Chintapally in the Agency area. \"It can help airdrop and lift security forces from one place to another, thereby avoiding mine blasts triggered by the Maoists,\" a senior IPS officer told TOI.Sources said as per the tracking of UAV, Naxalites are on the move in the border areas of Bandugaon, Narayanapatna, Lakshmipur in Koraput and Malakangiri districts. It may be recalled that a decision to deploy the UAV was first taken in November 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332851", "title": "Sanjay Dutt ignores Akshay Kumar", "text": "Akshay Kumar had just landed from Muscat, where he was busy shooting Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai Part 2, when he came face to face with Sanjay Dutt at the VIP terminal of the Mumbai airport in Kalina, yesterday.But interestingly, Dutt looked through him. When asked by one reporter present there, whether he would like to wish Akshay on his birthday (Sep 9), Dutt pretended not to hear and rushed inside the terminal.Dutt, who was in the city for business partner Raj Kundra's birthday, was flying back to Hyderabad where he is shooting for his next. \"Sanjay had just arrived and Akshay was leaving. He did not get off his car till Akshay got in his,\" an eyewitness told us.Just to recap - Dutt and Akshay have never been friends. The actors had a fallout while filming Amaanat in 1994. They agreed to do a film together - Anthony D'Souza's Blue , 15 years later. But the thaw didn't last for long.Dutt partnered Kundra in a martial arts project similar to Akshay's dream. What's interesting, Kundra is Akshay's ex-girlfriend Shilpa Shetty's husband. \"Dutt is very close to Shilpa and also Raveena Tandon (Akshay's ex-girl, again). He doesn't share too good a rapport with Akshay, more or less for this reason,\" said a source close to Dutt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "arambagh", "code": "16330569", "title": "Buddha shown slippers in Arambag", "text": "ARAMBAGH: Some things never change; neither does politics in Arambagh.Trinamool Congress supporters on Sunday allegedly tried to resist former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee from holding a meeting at Arambag.They reportedly started shouting slogans and some even showed slippers to Bhattacharjee barracked former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee shouting slogans and some even showing slippers even before he stepped into Arambag's Rabindra Bhawan.This appears to be a near repeat of the days when Mamata Banerjee used to get harassed whenever she visited Arambag as an opposition leader. The last such instance with her was in 2009.However, Sunday's protests left the TMC leaders embarrassed too. the din of protests against Bhattacharjee today has left even Trinamool Congress embarrassed.The past wasn't lost on Bhattacharjee said: \"It was a mistake of the (CPM) leadership that the voice of opposition was never heard here. Instead, our leaders chose to rule over people. The result has been very bad.\" The reference was obvious. The CPM had on June 11, this year, formally suspended its seven-time MP and Arambag strongman Anil Basu from the party. Basu had a vice-like grip over the party in Arambag. Bhattacharjee's workers' meeting in Arambag was also aimed at reaching out to grassroots CPM workers in the post-Basu period.Days before Bhattacharjee's meeting, the telltale signs of a showdown were evident. SDO Arambag Arindam Niyogi had earlier denied permission to the meeting. only to allow it two-days before.On Sunday afternoon, as Bhattacharjee tried to step inside the Rabindra Bhawan, several hundreds started shouting \"maa mati manush zindabad\" slogans and then \"Buddhadeb go back.\" At this point, some people even showed their slippers to Bhattacharjee.The protests continued even inside Rabindra Bhawan, as an unfazed Bhattcharjee started to speak. Bhattacharjee urged the supporters to form mass resistance. \"Many of our comrades are being sent to jails on false charges. The only way to stop this is to form mass resistance,\" he said.The protests did have its reverberations. Hooghly Trinamool Congress working president Dilip Yadav said: \"There was a specific instruction to the party's Arambag unit that there will be no protests targeting the former chief minister. Yet it was done. If any party leader is involved, strong action will be taken.\" Swapan Nandi, Trinamool's Arambag chairperson, washed his hands off the matter and said: \"No Trinamool Congress worker was present there. We were busy with a blood donation camp. This is the handiwork of people owing stooges of Anil Basu's men.\"Earlier in 2009, These incidents, this afternoon, appeared to be a near repeat of 2009 incident whenAnil Basu had threatened not to let Mamata Banerjee enter Arambag. It would have been so, unless a police officer - deputy SP (headquarters) Tathagata Basu - decided not to pay heed to Basu's diktat. Mamata held her rally. But within three months, the officer was transferred to North Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328397", "title": "Businessman held hostage at gun point, vehicle stolen", "text": "GURGAON: A Delhi-based businessman and his friend were held hostage at gunpoint by a group of carjackers who stole the Scorpio car the two were travelling in. The incident took place on Sunday morning around 5 am near Rajiv Chowk on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.A case has been registered against the robbers but no arrests have been made so far. According to the police, Rakesh Kumar, resident of Jhatikara village in Delhi is a marble stones businessman. On Sunday early morning, he was on his way home from Jaipur where he went for business purpose.He was accompanied by his friend Amit Tyagi. When they were near Rajiv Chowk, another Scorpio car blocked their and forced them to stop. A group of five to six men came out from the car and held them hostage at gun point. The two were forced to step out from their vehicle and few of the robbers drove off with their car while the others fled the spot in their own car.Rakesh has filed a complaint with the city police station and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16330657", "title": "BJP panel meets over 2014 polls", "text": "NASHIK: , September 9 2012The executive committee of the BJP Co-operative Front on Monday unanimously decided to strengthen the base of party's Co-operative Front across the state in view of the coming state assembly elections in the year 2014.A meeting of the executive committee of the Maharashtra State BJP Co-operative Front was held on Monday to decide its further plan of action, keeping in mind Lok Sabha election in2014. with its state president Kishore Deshpande in the chair.Discussions were held over strengthening the Front's base with and formulation of co-operative front, effective participation in cooperative elections. It also discussed tjhe national-level convention of the BJP Cooperative Front to be held in Delhi in November 2012.\"There is a lot to do in the cooperative sector in Maharashtra and the Cooperative Front can play a major role in the state. become the major front in the state.We must do substantial work to strengthen our base of co-operative front in the state with a view to increase the voting percentage for the party during the forthcoming state assembly elections in2014,\" said the Front's president Kishore Deshpande. Maharashtra state president, BJP Co-operative Front.The co-operative sector is not limited to co-operative banks, milk societies or sugar mills only. There is a need to look for new segments within the co-operative sector. A co-operative hospital has been formed in Solapur. A substantial work had been done in one of the states in the country through a Vegetable Sale Co-operative Federation. Hence, activists have tremendous opportunities to work if they performed with well planning and proper agenda.\"Today, politicians have ignored towards co-operative sector. In future, politics will not be based milk societies, co-operative banks or sugar mills. Water will be the major centre of power politics. Water distribution societies will be the way to get power in future. Hence, activists must reach people through co-operative works,\" Deshpande said.BJP's Nashik city president, Laxman Savji, said, \"Today, specialization has its own importance in each sector and we can't give justice to any sector without it. specialisation.There should be experts in each sector. the sector if we have to keep our existence, and make activists as big as mountain. Today,There are 5,000 cooperative housing societies in Nashik district alone and and conveyance deeds of around 70 per cent of total housing societies have not been executed so far. Hence, there is huge scope to work in this segment. too.The co-operative front can become a major player such that it could alone run state politics,\" Savji said. the major front in the state in such a way that it can alone run the politics of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "16335366", "title": "Man mistaken for bear shot dead", "text": "AIZAWL: Spotting bear tracks while searching for a missing gaur, a man shot dead his neighbour by mistake in Mizoram's Farkawn village near the Mizoram-Myanmar border, the police said today.Lalpeksanga and his neighbour Ralthanga were searching for a missing gaur at the Lurh mountain on Saturday.Lalpeksanga spotted the bear tracks and brought his gun to shoot the animal when Ralthanga suddenly appeared and was shot dead.Lalpeksanga was detained for questioning, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335008", "title": "NEP\u2019s trailer crosses 1.2 mn views in 5 days!", "text": "Gautham Vasudev Menon's much awaited movie Neethane En Ponvasantham, produced by Photon Kathaas and R S Infotainment, has created history as it has garnered more than 1.2 million views of just the movie trailer in a short span of 5 days. That's not all; the music video is the 5th highest song to be searched on YouTube.This response of the fans proves that the movie has already created ripples and is one of the much awaited movies of the year. The video went live on September 1 on Sony Music's YouTube channel and since then the numbers have been increasing. Sony Music in the past has created path breaking records with Why This Kolaveri..., Chikni Chameli... and more.Says Gautham Menon, \"I am happy and at peace with the response. It's been overwhelming to work with the legendary Illaiyaraaja sir on the music of this film and that is why this film is really special to me and hence this response to the trailer and the songs really makes me feel at peace within.\"Says Ashok Parwani, Head South, Sony Music Entertainment, \"It is phenomenal to see such great response from fans on the trailer as well as the music video. We have always been known for creating record breaking success on our digital platform and the movie's trailer success will definitely make sure the music will also be a great hit. The combination of ace music director Ilaiyaraaja and Gautham Menon promises to be a must watch and hear for all!\"Directed by Gautham Menon, Neethane En Ponvasantham is the quintessential love story of two people spanning three decades and captures the highs and lows, the pleasures and pangs of two people in love through the various stages of their life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16329695", "title": "Bhupen forum urges people to unite for BTC peace", "text": "GUWAHATI: Inspired by the wide participation of the people of the state in Bhupen Hazarika's 86th birthday celebration on Saturday, the Bhupen Hazarika Literary &amp; Cultural Forum, Assam has appealed to people all over the world to stand united on the first death anniversary of the iconic figure in November to bring back peace in riot-hit Assam.The forum headed by the late singer's family members and well-wishers has urged the people around the globe to form human chains and pledge to work for humanity on November 5, which marks the birth anniversary of the legendary singer. This at a time when ethnic clashes have rendered thousands of people homeless, many more killed and several others wounded in Assam.Renowned Assamese singer and Bhupen Hazarika's younger sister, Sudakshina Sarma appealed to the people beyond barriers to commemorate the first birth anniversary of Bhupen da as a day 'dedicated to humanity'. \"Bhupen da was a man who worked his entire life to bridge the gap between different communities and maintain communal harmony. His words are as relevant in today's burning Assam as it was in the last several decades,\" said Sudakshina.Recounting the terror of 1948, when there were apprehensions about the fire of communal riots of Calcutta spreading to Gauhati (now Guawahati), she said, \"It was Bhupen da who played a vital role in building confidence among the Hindus and Muslims in Gauhati, immediately after the riot broke out in Calcutta in 1948. Owing to his peace initiatives, Hindus guarded the Muslim-dominated localities of Gauhati and Muslims used to take care of the Hindu-dominated areas.\"The forum appealed to the people to unite on November 5 through the rendition of Bhupen Hazarika's immortal song, \"Manuhe Manuhar Babe\" (a human being is for the need of other human being).\"On that day (November 5) we appeal to the people of Assam, northeast India and other parts of the world to form human chains at public places and public and private institutions in support of humanity,\" said educationist Amar Jyoti Choudhury. He urged people to take part in the 'universal event' to signify the contribution of Hazarika to humanity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333014", "title": "Denise Richards still sexy, says Charlie Sheen", "text": "Charlie Sheen, who separated from Denise Richards in 2005, has revealed that his ex-wife is \"still a knock out\".The 47-year-old actor, who has two daughters with Richards, also explained why he chose her to appear in his TV series 'Anger Management'.\"She is still a knock out and that's what the part called for and I can deal with her directly not through her agent, which was good,\" News.com.au quoted him as saying.\"No, it just made sense - we had talked about her possibly playing the ex-wife. She is my ex-wife for real, we thought it might be too much but we are just getting along so well these days...\" he said.During their time together, the 41-year-old actress has claimed that Sheen was violent and abused drugs and alcohol.However, they have grown close again now.\"She just came in and did a fabulous job,\" Sheen said.\"She looked great and it was fun to do that in front of our children, get them to see what their parents do for living, what pays for all those toys!\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16330013", "title": "Six Maoists killed in police encounter", "text": "PATNA: In a major police operation against Maoists in the dense forest near Pachrukhi village on the border of Aurangabad and Gaya districts, six members of the CPI (Maoist) were said to have been killed while a CRPF jawan, Bhrigunandan Chowdhary, succumbed to his injuries while being airlifted to the state capital for treatment on Sunday.Though the Maoists' bodies could not be recovered till now, CRPF DIG Umesh Kumar, who has set up a command control room at Gaya, told TOI that the intercepted radio signals of Maoists revealed that six of their men, including one identified as Arvind Bhuiyan, fell prey to police bullets. He said that CPI (Maoist) politburo member, Arvindji, is suspected to have received serious injuries during cross-firing.The area is considered a Maoist stronghold. In order to take on them, a strong posse of CRPF men was sent into the forest, which falls under Aurangabad district, on the night of September 6. Combing operation started on September 7, in which Bhrigunandan Chowdhary sustained injury.The terrain is so difficult to trudge that Bhrigunandan could be taken out of the forest only on Sunday morning. He was being airlifted for treatment at the Patna Medical College Hospital when he succumbed to injuries.The CRPF DIG said Sunday night would be crucial for the operation as police are planning to move deeper into the core area of the forest for a face-off with Maoists. The forest, which is covered with thick vegetation, has been sealed by the security forces. A strong reinforcement was sent to the operation zone from the state capital on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16329425", "title": "Concern over insufficient water in canals", "text": "VARANASI: Taking serious note of insufficient water in canals of Sharda Sahayak Prakhand in Jaunpur and Varanasi districts, divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari wrote to the government recommending action against the departmental superintending engineer. He also recommended action against the executive engineer of PWD for not preparing proposal of the works under conversion of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme in Jaunpur district.Tiwari held a review meeting of development works on Saturday afternoon. He took to task officials of micro-irrigation, forest and irrigation for not undertaking works despite the availability of funds in MGNREGS. Tiwari expressed concern over irregularity in the supply of fertilizers.Reviewing the progress in Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna, he found that the proposals for the improvement in roads, which were sent in May last, had not been approved so far. The proposals of Varanasi and Jaunpur districts were also returned. Tiwari asked officials to send revised proposals and get them approved soon. He found that only 35% handpumps could be installed in the division.The commissioner said the FIR would be lodged against the engineer of Jal Sansthan if the water supply was found contaminated. The official was told that 50% samples of water were found contaminated. He gave two days to improve the situation. He also asked the chief medical officer to provide progress report of the construction works at Government Women Hospital of Varanasi and Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital, Ramnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16336060", "title": "Public finance research and training unit to facilitate officials in eastern and northeastern India", "text": "KOLKATA: The debt-ridden West Bengal may see some ray of hope with the Centre for Training &amp; Research in Public Finance &amp; Policy (CTRPFP), which was set up under the aegis of the central government for augmentation of tax revenue of the eastern and northeastern states of India.CTRPFP is a project under Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Calcutta (CSSSC) funded by the Union ministry of finance. The CTRPFP has been formed to do research on public policies and to impart training to the government officials in the finance department in eastern and northeastern region of the country. This is expected to enhance capacity building in the state administration.\"The training courses will be imparted by resource persons from various institutions in the country,\" Jyotsna Jalan, acting project director of CTRPFP and professor of economics CSSSC told TOI. The main objective of CTRPFP's research wing will be augmentation of tax savings.She said these resource persons are from National Institute for Public Finance &amp; Policy (NIPFP), North-Eastern Hill University (Economics department) and government officials from finance departments of both the Centre and Bengal.Incidentally, so far NIPFP has been the only institute for public finance training and research in the country.Sudip Kumar Sinha, senior joint commissioner, sales tax , tax research unit, who has attended such training courses on fiscal policy in IMF and World Bank said: \"It will certainly contribute to the capacity building of state tax administration by allowing senior state tax officials attend world class training courses on fiscal policy in India.\"The first such training programme will be held from October 8 to October 12 in CSSSC. \"Around 15 such government officials from eastern and northeastern states will attend the first training session,\" Jalan said.The total debt burden on Bengal is in the tune of Rs 2,08,382.58 crore as on March 31, 2012. Hence the state needs to gear up, to robustly build its tax coffer, feel experts.In December, 2011 the Bengal government has created a Tax Research Unit (TRU) in the directorate of commercial taxes under the finance department. The TRU is proposed to undertake substantial research on taxes collected by the state government. TRU is also expected to propose policy interventions, including use of information and communication technology (ICT) in e-governance, required to raise adequate revenue from state taxes and explore further opportunities and possibilities for augmentation of state tax revenue.Additionally, the TRU is also expected to examine the federal fiscal relationship in terms of centrally levied taxes compared to taxes levied by the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328254", "title": "How India's Milkman shaped Karnataka's dairy sector", "text": "BANGALORE: He once feared Karnataka would beat Gujarat and emerge as India's no 1 in the cooperative dairy sector. He even hoped it would.So impressed was Dr Verghese Kurien , the architect of India's milk revolution, with the strides made by Karnataka in dairy development. The state after all was following the 'Anand cooperative model' successfully mooted by him first in Gujarat in the early 1970s.\"When I witness the pace at which the dairymen of Karnataka are progressing, I fear that they may overtake our Amul. But, I also ardently desire that they surge ahead,\" he had said after launching the first Mega Diary in Bangalore in 2002.But that was not to be. While Amul's turnover now stands well above Rs 100 crore, Nandini has just managed to cross the Rs 50-crore mark.Kurien, who gifted to India the Amul dairy food brand and played a central role in Operation Flood before he came to be known as the Milkman of India or Amul man, was also the man behind the success of Karnataka's milk dairy development.\"We owe our success today to Kurien's visionary leadership and programmes as chairman of National Dairy Development Board (NDDB),'' said A S Premnath, managing director of Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF).Born in Kerala and having lived most of his life in Gujarat, Kurien had a special affinity for Karnataka. Reason why he could not say no to the Karnataka government's offer to felicitate him in January this year though he was bedridden at the time. The veteran Padma Vibhushan awardee, who was brought to the function on a wheelchair, attended the programme with his wife, daughter and grandson. Kurien was not in a position to speak at that point of time and that disappointed many who wanted to listen to the icon.Kurien always made it appoint to visit dairies in Bangalore and Mysore whenever he arrived here and offered vital tips. \"He always made it a point to have Mysore masala dosa and idli-vada,'' recalled Premnath, who was then the head of Mysore dairy union. He also used to spend some time in the hill stations of Ooty.He strongly advocated that milk unions should be run by professionals in that particular field and was against appointing civil service officials. Taking a cue, Karnataka has not appointed any IAS officer as MD for KMF since 1994 though IAS officer K M Shivakumar served for over a month before he was removed following protests.Kurien's contribution to the dairy development in Karnataka started way back in 1975 with the implementation of dairy development programmes of World Bank and Operation Flood. These programmes were first implemented in eight southern districts of the state and Karnataka Dairy Development Corporation (KDDC) was set up as an implementing agency.In 1984, the KDDC became Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) and the dairy development programmes were extended to cover all the districts of the state under Operation Flood II with assistance from National Dairy Development Board (NDDB).Operation Flood-II ended in 1987 and the process of dairy development continued through 13 district milk unions under Operation Flood-III from 1987 to 1996. After the conclusion of Operation Flood programmes, the sector's development continued under Perspective Plan and National Dairy Plan with active support from NDDB.In the last four decades of cooperative dairy development, Karnataka has progressed from a state of milk scarcity to that of plenty. The Karnataka Milk Federation has attained No 1 position in milk procurement among southern states and No 2 at the national level in cooperative dairy sector, next only to Gujarat.QUOTE\"We owe our success today to Kurien's visionary leadership and programmes as chairman of National Dairy Development Board.\"A S Premnath, md, Karnataka Milk FederationFiled by Manu/cld by Naheed/ed bindu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335567", "title": "Anand Gandhi's 'Ship Of Theseus' creates waves at Toronto fest", "text": "Debutante Anand Gandhi has made quite a stir at the Toronto international film festival with his very personal, very cerebral film 'Ship of Theseus', which explores complex issues of identity, responsibility and death through the Greek paradox.Gandhi, who has been developing the film for past three years, is being hailed as the new promising talent in the 'new wave' of Indian cinema.The 32-year-old director says he is happy to be part of the change through this film, which has admirers like Shekhar Kapoor, Anurag Kashyap and Fortissmo Films as co-producers.Gandhi, on his part, feels that Indian audience is ready for the \"cinema that talks intelligently, is more artistic and challenging\".The filmmaker, a well-known playwright, says he is cinematically exploring ideas that have haunted him in his journey.\"I don't think difficulty of expressibility of an idea should discourage us from discussing it in cinema rather it should be encouraged. We should invest ourselves in a culture that encourages that kind of creative engagement, that kind of dialogue and challenge,\" Gandhi told over phone from Toronto.The film has received glowing reviews after its screening at TIFF with festival's artistic director Cameron Bailey calling it one of this year's hidden gems.Gandhi's film explores four different stories -- of a brilliant but blind photographer, a monk's whose ethics are put to test, an obsessive compulsive clockmaker with an ailing heart and a young stock broker who gets trapped in illegal organ trade racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16329705", "title": "CCTV to be installed at mofussil bus stand", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The motor vehicle department (MVD) has decided to go ahead with its decision to install closed circuit TV cameras at the mofusil bus stand in the city.The decision had been taken in the wake of the rising number of incidents of bus workers misbehaving with passengers. The initiative is also expected to help prevent violation of motor vehicle rules by private buses.Two weeks ago a passenger suffered serious head injury after being assaulted by employees of a private bus at this bus stand.There is opposition to this MVD move from bus operators and employees. However, MVD is planning to start the procedure to set up a CCTV camera control room in the bus stand within two days. The cameras would be installed at five spots that have already been identified.After the attack on the passenger on August 20, the MVD cancelled the permit of the bus and suspended the licence of the driver. Officials also conducted inspections at the bus stand and booked buses found violating rules.Deputy transport commissioner (DTC) M A Rosamma said the cameras would be installed with the support of Airtel. \"The officials sitting in the control room will be able to observe the activities going on in the bus stand. The move is expected to prevent bus workers from misbehaving with passengers. We will take strict action against culprits,\" she said. Rosamma also said the on-going special inspection drive in the city to prevent private buses violating rules would continue. On Wednesday, MVD special squads booked 26 buses for violating traffic rules on roads. Sources at the MVD revealed that the department would cancel the permits of all these buses.Passengers may dial 2371705/8547639011to register their complaints at the special desk of the regional transport office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16333080", "title": "1,200 landlines stop working in Gandhinagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 1,200 landlines belonging to various phone companies conked off in Gandhinagar city and district following rains over the past four days. Poor electricals are said to be one of the main reasons.Over the last six days complaints were received from villages in Kalol, Dehgam and Mansa taulka apart from the Gandhinagar city. The BSNL authorities claim that they are minor short circuits that may have caused the technical problems and will b restored in no time.\"Any landline , anywhere in the world does face such a problem. Moisture and water during monsoons are the two most common reasons for the minor short circuits. Customers who are affected can avail of the compensation scheme of the BSNL. We are the only company in the country who provides a compensation to our customers for each day that their phone does not function,\" says a senior BSNL officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335179", "title": "Firstlook of Dhadkeva Tohre Naame Karejwa out now", "text": "The firstlook of 'Dhadkeva Tohre Naame Karejwa' is revealed now and has already started creating rage among audience. Distributor Dr Sunil has announced that he will release this film all over Bihar under his banner, VijayLakshmi International.Dinesh Yadav is the director of the film and Vijay Verma and Rani Chatterjee will be seen in lead roles. Sanjay Pandey, Nisha, Umesh Singh and many others are a part of this film. Songs have been written by Pyarelal Yadav and music is by Shyam Dehati.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328744", "title": "26 kids with diphtheria admitted", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 26 children suffering from diphtheria - an upper respiratory tract bacterial infection with high mortality rate - have been admitted to Delhi's Maharishi Valmiki Infectious Disease hospital. Diphtheria is covered under the government of India's universal immunization programme and health experts say the sudden outbreak of the disease is reflective of poor coverage.\"Over the past two weeks, we have been flooded with cases of diphtheria. At present, 26 patients are admitted with the disease in the hospital,\" said Dr Seema Mukherjee, a senior doctor at the hospital. She said that most patients are from Haryana, UP and the NCR.Another doctor said, \"Post-monsoon, the cases of diphtheria increase. The disease is spread from an infected person to others through sneezing and coughing. The immune-compromised cases - for example, children who are not vaccinated against the disease - are most common targets but some get it despite vaccination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16328923", "title": "Delhi cop murdered in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: A Delhi Police constable was abducted from Rohtak-Jhajjar highway, shot dead inside a car and dumped in a canal near Karontha village in Rohtak district of Haryana on August 28 night.Two days later (August 30), the floating body of 25-year-old Devender Singh of Dighal village in Jhajjar district was recovered from the canal near Bhiwani Khera, around 30km from Bhiwani town, and sent to PGIMS, Rohtak, for postmortem by Bhiwani police.On August 31, the body was cremated by Rohtak municipal corporation after Bhiwani police said it was \"unclaimed\". In a hurry to cremate the body, Bhiwani cops not only overlooked the police rules and procedures, according to which a body found in a suspicious condition is not declared 'unclaimed' immediately, but also did not bother to coordinate with the cops of neighbouring districts of Jhajjar and Rohtak.Family members of Devender, who was posted at Malviya Nagar police station, had filed a complaint with the Beri police in Jhajjar district a day after the cop went missing. On September 5, following protests from the cop's family and residents of Dighal village, police registered a case of abduction.Even after that, police did not question any suspects named by the family. On September 8 the murder came to light with the arrest of Ankit Kumar, while two other accused \u2014 Sandesh, a Haryana police head constable, and Deepak, husband of Dighal village sarpanch \u2014 are on the run. Sources said a rivalry between two groups during the panchayat elections last year was suspected to be the reason for the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16329954", "title": "A nano step to Guinness recognition", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: All that glitters here is gold, but a sharp eye is necessary to identify the source of this unique sheen. The exhibition of nano-sized gold sculptures, by Ganesh Subramaniyam at VJT Hall, evoked much curiosity as visitors squinted through a 12x lens, set in a glass frame, to see sculptures that were small enough to rest on the tip of a matchstick.Almost all nano-sculptures on display, from a deer to the Taj Mahal , are less that 30 mg and small enough to be comfortably placed on a grain of rice, mustard or apple seed. But the most unique item is a tiny functional number lock looped around the eye of a needle. It took Subramaniyam, a self-taught jeweller from Poojappura, six months to complete the lock.\"I wanted to create something to enter the Guinness Book of World Records. It was painstaking work. I had to learn the locking mechanism, so I bought many locks and took them apart to learn how it works. There are no springs inside, but a set of strategically placed grooves,\" he said.The craftsman applied to the Guinness Book of World Records a month ago to include his creation under the 'world's smallest number lock' and is awaiting their reply.Subramaniyam uses a needle to craft his sculptures. \"I started in 2005 with a rather crude 'boat and boatman' and learnt the art by trial and error. I have created 24 nano-sculptures. I gave former President Abdul Kalam a miniature cannon model and made a ring with Vishnu in Ananthasayanam form for Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma. The top of the ring has the conch insignia of the royal family. It opens up to reveal the sculpture, which can be viewed through the in-built powerful lens. Actor Mohanlal commissioned a similar ring and I made a Nataraja for him,\" said the craftsman. The exhibition concluded on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "krishnagiri", "code": "16330438", "title": "Dad held for raping minor daughter", "text": "KRISHNAGIRI: A 38-year-old man was arrested here on Sunday for allegedly raping his 13-year-old daughter on Saturday. According to Krishnagiri police, K Shanmugam (38), residing at Panchaliur area in Koosumalai, was arrested near Peria Mariamman temple. He and wife Ammu have two daughters and a son.\"Shanmugam allegedly abused his 13-year-old younger daughter. His wife had witnessed the assault on Saturday and informed her brother S Venkatesh and neighbours who beat him up,\" said a police official.\"Shanmugam was bleeding when he was taken to the police station. He was admitted at Krishnagiri government hospital, from where he managed to escape. On Sunday, residents saw Shanmugam near Peria Mariamman temple and informed us. Based on the tip-off, we arrested him. He has been sent to judicial custody,\" police officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328786", "title": "Azad promises Rs 100 cr for upgradation of Nims", "text": "HYDERABAD: Union health minister, Gulam Nabi Azad, once again claimed that Nims will be upgraded to the level of AIIMS, New Delhi. Speaking at a meeting here on Sunday, the minister promised to allocate Rs 100 crore for the development of the institute.While there was a plan to upgrade Nims to the rank of AIIMs in 2007, it never took shape due to fund crunch. However, if Azad's announcement materializes, Nims will join the ranks of 13 institutions under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).As per the upgradation plan, a specialty hospital, emergency and trauma care centre are supposed to be added to Nims. While the trauma centre would come up in the current premises of Nims, area for the specialty hospital has been identified at Bibi Nagar. The proposed 200-bed state-of-the-art specialty hospital would also be equipped with a helipad. The minister also promised to allocate Rs 125 crore to set up medical research centres in Vizag and Kurnool hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329702", "title": "Hopes of good roads ahead of PM visit washed off in rain", "text": "KOCHI: If the city dewellers thought that the Emerging Kerala Summit and the prime minister's visit to the city, will lead to pothole-free roads, they are mistaken. Though the district administration promised to repair all city roads, it has not been translated into action. With the mega event just a couple of weeks away, the condition of most roads remain pathetic.Officials of the public works department (PWD) say they had instructed the contractors to relay the roads but they couldn't do it due to incessant rain. \"We had already awarded the repair works to contractors and so we won't be able to repair it on our own now. We have asked them to complete patchworks on a war-footing,\" said an assistant executive engineer of PWD.Though the state government had allotted Rs 10 crore to relay the Palarivattom-Kakkanad road six months ago, the PWD is yet to start work. Meanwhile, the potholed stretch of the Pipeline Road between the Palarivattom bypass and Thammanam continue to pose a threat to motorists. The road is being widely used by light motor vehicles, thanks to traffic diversion at the North railway overbridge.A couple of months ago, the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) dug up the road to replace the old rusted pipeline with new ones. Midway they stopped work stating that the road lacks adequate width. The KWA covered the dug up road but did not bitumanize the road. \"As per the agreement between us and KWA, it is up to them to relay the road. They have started work but due to rain timely completion of work may not be possible,\" a PWD official said. In the coming days, VVIP movement will lead to more traffic diversions and motorists will be forced to use the in-roads, which are in bad state. The trench that was dug by Kochi Corporation at the Panampilly Nagar Road in December last year to lay drainage pipes remain uncovered after a few locals moved the court against its alignment.\"We opposed when the civic body decided to change the alignment of the drainage. But we had requested the corporation to cover the trench. But they didn't respond,\" said a resident of the Fifth Cross Road in Panampilly Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16329952", "title": "We are the legal owners of Halcyon Castle: Ravi Pillai Group", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Ravi Pillai Group has made it clear that it is the legal owner of the controversial Halcyon Castle in Kovalam. However, it has offered to handover the palace to the state government to avoid delay in litigation.The Kovalam Palace recently hit the headlines when the government issued an order to hand over the palace and the land to the Ravi Pillai Group on lease.The RP Group stated: \"When we acquired the property from the Leela Group, the Kerala high court had already given verdicts in our favour. We purchased the property on the advice of an eminent lawyer of the Supreme Court.\"The Centre took a policy decision to disinvest from certain public sector undertakings, in furtherance of which, all the business including assets of ITDC in the Kovalam property was shifted through transfer of shares in a special purpose vehicle to M Far Hotels Limited on July 11, 2002.A wide publicity was given to the global auction and the auction memorandum clearly stated that ITDC was the owner of the property, which was located on 64.5 acres. The state had also been informed of the sale. And, significantly at no stage did it raise any objection. The above facts cannot be contested as they are on official record, said the RP Group.The RP Group, issued the statement to clarify its stand on the recent controversies over the Halcyon Castle added, \"We hope to put an end to the entire controversy for which we are willing to accept any reasonable settlement of the issue by the state government.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335928", "title": "Sivaji-MGR's film together", "text": "The 1954 film Koondukkili, directed by T R Ramanna, is the only film in which Nadigar Thilagam Sivaji Ganesan and Makkal Thilagam MGR have shared screenspace.Also starring B S Saroja in the lead, the film had screenplay and dialogues written by Vindhan, a popular social acivitist and reformer. Despite not faring well at the BO at the time of its release, the film is noted for its star cast and socially-relevant theme!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328391", "title": "Archeology department has asked to prove possession", "text": "HYDERABAD: Securing the premises of Badeshahi Ashoor Khana has been a long struggle for the state department for archeology and museums and the caretaker of the monument. The matter has now become a \"law and order\" issue with the district administration taking up proceedings against the archeology department which has been asked to prove that it has been in possession of the Chabutra and the guard room.On September 3, the archeology department with the assistance of police force dug up some portions near the Chabutra and the guard room to erect a fence. Their efforts were thwarted by locals led by Charminar MLA Ahmed Pasha Quadri. Efforts by the officials to reason with the legislator and the protestors by saying that the work was happening on the directive of high court proved futile. When the protestors threatened to create a law and order problem, officials decided to call off the operation.Based on police appraisal about a possible law and order problem associated with impending work, the revenue divisional officer (RDO) started proceedings under Section 145 of CrPc. The Section allows an executive magistrate to hold court in case of a conflict over land or water body that can threaten peace. The archeology department and the shopkeepers who were evicted on December 24, 2011 filed their contentions with the RDO.An official in the archeology department said the report filed by them last Friday included details of the case and evidence to show that they have been in possession of the disputed area. Photographs of the eviction that took place were also attached.RDO S Harish said he had received the report and will be able to pass an order in a week's time after examining the accounts presented by both the parties. Explaining why the proceedings were initiated, he said, \"Based on feedback from the police, we initiated the proceedings. It was done to address this issue which could disturb peace.Both the sides have been asked to show if they have been in possession of the contested area for the last five months. The order given by me based on the reports filed by the parties will only settle the question of possession but not that of title. The aggrieved party will have to petition the court if they are not satisfied with the order,\" he said.Observers wondered why the question of possession is being raised when the high court itself had settled the issue by ordering and acknowledging the eviction of encroachers.Alleging that local leaders were exerting undue pressure on the officials, they claim that such moves only serve to buy the evicted time to resume their previous locations while long drawn litigation brings the issue to square one.Meanwhile, urgent repairs have been taken up at the monument. Repairs to the roofs of the Ashoor Khana and mini Ashoor Khana are being taken up. The funds amounting to Rs 30 lakh has come from allocations for the upcoming COP 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16335683", "title": "Stress levels rise in India", "text": "MUMBAI: The latest research by workspace provider Regus shows that Indian workers are getting more stressed. The survey reveals that work (51%) and personal finances (50%) are the contributing factors for the increased stress levels of the Indian work-force.The Regus survey, canvassing the opinions of over 16,000 professionals across the globe, found that over half (51%) of Indian respondents say their stress levels have risen over the past year. Stress levels have only multiplied, thanks to a bad economic year.A number of factors such as work, personal finances, and commute to work as well as continuing instability in the world economy are thought to have fuelled this growing pressure and respondents confirm that most stress triggers are of a professional rather than personal nature, with their job, personal finances and customers topping the list of causes.The research also focused on possible solutions and found that nearly three quarters (72%) of Indian respondents identify flexible working as a way of cutting stress.Some of the solutions, close to 72% respondents felt, were flexible working that would reduce stress; more than half (56%) of respondents think flexible working is more family- friendly; small business workers were more likely to be stressed by customers (45%) than large business workers (34%), but were less vexed by management (30%) than their counterparts in larger firms (51%).With 49% of respondents saying that flexible working is also cheaper than fixed location working and 81% that it improves productivity it would seem that helping staff to de-stress is also highly cost-effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329721", "title": "Power rostering haunts people", "text": "KANPUR: Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited has started rostering in the city. Kesco officials say that power is switched off from Lucknow by UPPCL.The city witnesses rostering both during the day and the night.The minimum time of power cut in a shift is two hours, which sometimes extends beyond three hours or more. The city faces rostering between four and six hours each day.On Sunday, there was no power from 12.15 pm to 2.15 pm. On Saturday, the city plunged into darkness from 10.40 pm to 12.40 am. On Friday, there was no electricity from 9.15 pm to 10.45 pm.On September 5, there was no power from 10.25 pm to 11.25 pm. On September 4, there was no power from 1 to 3 pm and 10 pm to 12 midnight.On September 3, city faced power cut from 10 pm to 12 midnight and on September 1, rostering was done from 10.15 pm to 11.15 pm.Apart from rostering by UPPCL, power cuts at local level add to the woes of the people. With sultry weather conditions these days, denizens are finding it tough.In markets, shopkeepers have to run generators. With festive season about to start, the shopkeepers are a worried lot. Rostering during evening is done by Kesco. Local causes like damage to transformers further compound the situatuon.Kesco official AKS Chauhan said that efforts are made to restore power soon in areas where faults take place.City teachers felicitated: Several teachers from the city were felicitated at the 'Shikshak Samman Samaroh' organised by an NGO at DC Law College here on Sunday. The teachers received mementos and a certificate of honour for their distinguished services in the field of education by textile minister Shiv Kumar Beria. Several renowned personalities from the field of education and social service were also present on the occasion.While the majority of teachers felicitated at the program belonged to the law college itself, a professor from Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College was also honoured.The organisers said teachers were responsible for giving shape and form to clay-like children, which were further etched by the society and their own practices.The textile minister said all teachers deserved respect, and exhorted them to take the education sector on to the path of further progress. He said he would also look into the issue of hike in perks given to teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16329200", "title": "Factions clash at Jamia Masjid", "text": "MARGAO: Tense moments were witnessed at the Jamia Masjid, Malbhat-Margao, on Sunday afternoon, following a dispute between two warring factions of the minority community at the general body meeting of the mosque.Timely intervention by the police averted any untoward incident and peace was restored.Sources said the dispute arose over the issue of seizing control of the mosque's managing committee, following the completion of the tenure of the last elected committee. While the president of the outgoing committee had convened a general body meeting of the mosque on Sunday, the rival faction was opposed to holding the meeting questioning his authority. Both the rival factions had petitioned the district collector over the matter.Apprehending a law-and-order problem, the South Goa police, upon the instructions of the district collector, had deployed policemen outside the masjid on Sunday.DySP Mohan Naik and the Margao PI intervened in the matter and succeeded in calming frayed tempers.Margao police officials said that the dispute was resolved amicably, and no offense was booked against anybody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329743", "title": "Flood gates to be replaced", "text": "SURAT: Certain areas of the city got waterlogged mainly because of the leaking flood gates. Water had zipped past these gates in the past three days flooding several localities. Thus Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to change some of the gates to make them more durable.There are 39 rain outlets and flood gates that open into Tapi river. Four of these have flap gates that close automatically with the increase of water pressure.\"It was observed that water was seeping into the localities through the closed gates,\" said municipal commissioner Manoj Das. \"This time 3.3 lakh cusecs of water was released and the gates could not withstand the pressure. The embankment scheme will be completed only by next year. The carrying capacity of the river will increase to 5 lakh cusecs. So we have thought of replacing some of the flood gates which have served their purpose,\" he added.Jatin Shah, city engineer, SMC, said, \"We would like to carry out the replacement work of the existing flood gates immediately. We will also replace all the four flap gates with sluice gates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334545", "title": "Older obese kids consume fewer calories", "text": "In a new study, pediatrics researchers have found a surprising difference in the eating habits of overweight children between ages 9 and 17 years compared to those younger than 9 .Younger children who are overweight or obese consume more calories per day than their healthy weight peers. But among older overweight children the pattern is reversed - they actually consume fewer calories per day than their healthy weight peers.\"Children who are overweight tend to remain overweight,\" said Asheley Cockrell Skinner, lead author of the study from the University of North Carolina School of Medicine, said.\"So, for many children, obesity may begin by eating more in early childhood. Then as they get older, they continue to be obese without eating any more than their healthy weight peers.\"One reason this makes sense is because we know overweight children are less active than healthy weight kids. Additionally, this is in line with other research that obesity is not a simple matter of overweight people eating more \u2014 the body is complex in how it reacts to amount of food eaten and amount of activity,\" Skinner said.These results also suggest that different strategies may be needed to help children in both age groups reach a healthy weight.\"It makes sense for early childhood interventions to focus specifically on caloric intake, while for those in later childhood or adolescence the focus should instead be on increasing physical activity, since overweight children tend to be less active,\" Skinner said.\"Even though reducing calories would likely result in weight loss for children, it's not a matter of wanting them to eat more like healthy weight kids \u2014 they would actually have to eat much less than their peers, which can be a very difficult prospect for children and, especially, adolescents,\" Skinner added.The study has been recently published online in the journal Pediatrics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16330041", "title": "People in Dindigul protest Tasmac shop relocation", "text": "MADURAI: People of A Ramanathapuram in Chinnalapatti taluk of Dindigul district staged a demonstration against the shifting of a Tasmac shop in from Poonjolai to A Ramanathapuram on Sunday. The relocation is being pushed by the town panchayat president using his influence.Tasmac shops 3142 and 3144 are situated in Chinnalapatti in Dindigul district. Shop number 3144 was functioning in Poonjolai village in the town panchayat for the last five years. Now, some persons decided to shift the shop to a shopping complex near the cemetery on the Chinnalapatti-Mettupatti Road, against widespread protests from the people. Women said that if the shop was shifted to this region, it would cause a lot of inconvenience to women who went to work on this route and also schoolchildren.However, on the midnight of August 29, this shop was shifted to a spot owned by town panchayat president K M S Murugan, much to the shock of the villagers.Now, the local villagers have petitioned the Dindigul district collector, the managing director of Tasmac, and Dindigul superintendent of police demanding that the shifting be revoked.Periyasamy, a youth congress member, said this was against human rights and that it was causing much hardship to the people.Chinnammal, a villager, said most women who went to work in dyeing units in the region, returned late in the evening and that men in an inebriated state were proving to be a nuisance to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16335923", "title": "Maharashtra govt trying to seek release of jailed cartoonist Aseem Trivedi: RR Patil", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Government on Monday sought to distance itself from the row surrounding jailed cartoonist Aseem Trivedi, but said it was trying to seek the release of the artist who has been charged with sedition.Home minister RR Patil told reporters here that his department has nothing to do with the complaint filed against Trivedi.The Kanpur-based cartoonist was arrested by Mumbai Police on Saturday on the basis of a complaint, which alleged he posted seditious content on his website, filed in December by a member of Republican Party of India. A court had on Sunday remanded him to police custody till September 16.Patil said the government was considering Trivedi's case sympathetically and trying to seek his release.Trivedi has been accused of putting up banners mocking the Constitution during an Anna Hazare rally in Mumbai last year and posting the same on his website.The minister was here to attend passing out parade of a new batch of police sub-inspectors at Maharashtra Police Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329322", "title": "Munda inaugurates Jharcraft mega store", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Sunday inaugurated Jharcraft's first mega store in the state capital. The 14000-square feet four-story store stocks everything from clothing lines and accessories to items related to home furnishing.Munda said: \"In the last few years, Jharcraft has not just been introducing new things in the market, but has also been strengthening the rural economy and providing a livelihood to the people. Jharcraft is a bridge between rural artisans and the international market. It encourages villagers to live by their art and link more and more people to the mainstream economy. The store will help the local artists take their products to the global market.\"Jharcraft MD Dhirendra Kumar said: \"The organization is involved with 31 types of handicrafts. In five years, our turnover has increased from Rs 50 lakh to Rs 65 crore and we are trying to better in the coming years.\" The store has separate floors dedicated to men's wear, women's garments, cane and bamboo furniture and handicraft and home furnishing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16330530", "title": "\u2018US had planned air raid to target Osama hideout\u2019", "text": "NEW YORK: The US was initially planning a massive air strike using B-2 Spirit bombers to level the Abbottabad hideout of Osama bin Laden but chose an assault by its elite commandos who killed the world's most wanted terrorist a year ago. In his tell-all account, Matt Bissonnette, a navy SEAL who participated in Operation Neptune Spear to kill the top al-Qaida leader in Pakistan, says that President Barack Obama and his advisors discussed different options till the last moment. \"The president still had not signed off on the groundassault option. All we had been authorized to do up to now was to start planning and conduct rehearsals. The White House was still considering an air force option, a massive air strike using B-2 Spirit bombers to level the house,\" writes Bissonnette in 'No Easy Day: The Autobiography of a Navy SEAL' using the pseudonym 'Mark Owen' . He says defence secretary Robert Gates supported the air strike because it kept American ground forces out of Pakistan, which made the mission less like an invasion of the country's sovereignty. The air strike option required 32 2000-pound smart bombs. \"The barrage would last for a full minute and a half and the crater would penetrate at least 30 feet into the earth in case the compound had a bunker system. The possibility for collateral damage was high, and the possibility of finding identifiable remains after that kind of destruction was low.\" The just-released book, published by Penguin, gives fascinating details of the mission undertaken by 22 SEALs, an EOD tech and a CIA interpreter, who flew in two Black Hawk helicopters into Abbottabad, where Pakistan's military academy is located, on the night of May 2, 2011 from a US base in Jalalabad . They killed Osama and four others hiding in a house. The book says that the assault by the SEALs and explosion of one of their helicopters at the target compound close to Pakistan's military academy finally attracted the attention of the country's air force.Dispute over costs hits 9/11 museumA dispute between Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and governor Andrew M Cuomo over the $1 billion museum at ground zero has dragged on for so long that the museum won't open in time for the 11th anniversary of the September 11 attacks \u2014 or even for the next one. Aides to Bloomberg and Cuomo have so far been unable to resolve their differences over which government agencies will pay the operating costs of the museum, which is intended to document the terrorist attacks of 2001 and honour the nearly 3,000 victims. The two sides also remain at odds over who will have oversight of the museum and the surrounding memorial. With work on the museum at a standstill for nearly a year, fund-raising and donations have fallen, and exhibits are gathering dust in fabrication shops in Buffalo and Santa Fe, New Mexico, according to said museum executives. NYT NEWS SERVICE", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328345", "title": "Applications invited for energy awards", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana's renewable energy department, HAREDA, has invited applications for its annual state-level energy conservation awards. Industrial and commercial facilities, which have managed to achieve significant cuts in their overall energy consumption this year, will be given cash rewards of as much as Rs 2 lakh. Government and institutional buildings, such as hospitals and schools, will also be eligible to file nominations, according to HAREDA representatives.\"These awards will be given to consumers of various categories who have made significant contribution in saving energy by adopting various conservation measures in their units and buildings,\" said Harmohan Singh Chattha, state renewable energy minister. A special award for individual contribution to innovation in green technology will also be conferred. Several industrial houses, both big and small, are expected to participate this year, with three prizes - of Rs 50,000, Rs 1 lakh, and Rs 2 lakh - to be given out to the deserving candidates in the large scale segment.\"For the small scale industries, we have two awards, one of Rs 50,000 and the other of Rs 1 lakh,\" said an official. %Application forms can be downloaded from HAREDA's official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330247", "title": "Health officials assure help to haemophilia patients", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health officials have assured help to patients suffering due to unavailability of life-saving anti-haemophilia factors (AHF) in government identified centres. The factors are reportedly unavailable as the funds meant for their procurement are yet to be released. The officials swung into action after TOI reported on Sunday how the patients were being forced to live with pain in the absence of these factors.Talking to TOI, principal secretary, health and family welfare, Sanjay Agarwal said, \"The matter was not in our knowledge. But now we will ensure that the funds are allocated as soon as possible. We assure that there will not be any further delay in this regard.\"While hearing a PIL about three years ago that sought availability of AHF for patients, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court had categorically stated that haemophilia patients too had the right to live.On the directions of the court, a committee was formed to identify the centres where factors could be provided. The committee recommended that state medical colleges and Sanjay Gandhi Post-Graduate Institute and King George's Medical University for the purpose. But since the medical colleges and institutions are governed by the state medical education department while the procurement of medicines primarily involves health and family welfare department, there is confusion over onus and responsibility regarding AHF. Representatives of the Hemophilia Society India say the procedural gap should be bridged immediately in patients' interest.Hemophilia is a genetic disease in which blood does not clot. Excessive loss of blood adversely affects functions and triggers complications as a person grows. Depending on the severity of their condition, haemophiliacs need factors 7, 8 or 9. But since the factors are very expensive and frequently needed, it is difficult for patients to afford them.Doctors say factor 8 is the most commonly needed AHF. It costs at least Rs 10.50 per unit in the market and a child in 12-15 years age group needs at least 2,000 factors for a wound as small as a cut from the blade or knife. This means that one will have to spend a minimum of Rs 21,000 for the factors alone. The larger the wound, the higher the need for factors. The demand gets bigger with age and body weight as well.Experts say about 20% of the haemophilia patients need factor-9, which costs around Rs 18 per unit. The requirement of factor units doubles in case of patients from factor-9 category. As patients grow up, they develop antibodies to factors 8 or 9. As a result, factors become less effective. To achieve effective coagulation, AHF is given with a minimum of two units of factor-7, which means an expenditure of Rs 1.5 lakh.Statistics show that haemophilia affects one in 10,000 persons in the world. It is estimated that there are close to one lakh haemophilia-A patients, while at least 50,000 persons are living with severe haemophilia. Of these, less than 15% have been diagnosed. According to Hemophilia Federation of India, only 12,500 people with haemophilia receive treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328692", "title": "DDA flat delay: Allottees plan to move HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Allottees of DDA's 2010 housing scheme are planning to approach the Delhi high court over the delay in possession of the flats even after making full payments. These allottees from Vasant Kunj, Mukherjee Nagar and Dwarka are also likely to petition in the court for interest on the deposited money.Over a week ago, the allottees held a protest in front of Vikas Sadan and met the vice chairman of Delhi Development Authority, S K Srivastava, to discuss the delay.\"The VC assured us that he would look into our complaints and hold a public hearing with allottees. But so far we have heard nothing. Many of us have made full payments and started paying hefty EMIs to banks, but the flats are far from ready. Lifts are not working, electrical wiring work still pending and roads have to be constructed,\" said an allottee from Mukherjee Nagar. \"Demand letters were issued much before the flats were even close to completion,\" added an allottee from Vasant Kunj.The allottees had met Srivastava with a four-point agenda \u2014 payment of an interest of 24% on the deposited money, formal notification about the date of physical possession of the flats, parking charges and practice of DDA engineers taking undertaking from allottees to take possession of flat without water and electricity connections. DDA officials hinted Vasant Kunj flats in the Yamuna block will be ready within two-three weeks but others will take longer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328510", "title": "Priests hail inclusion of churches in heritage list", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Christian priests and activists have hailed the proposed heritage list of the BMC which includes several church properties. The priests feel that churches lose their sanctity in the name of development, and so these places of worship need to be protected. In the proposed new heritage list, 29 church properties, including Wilson College Gymkhana and YMCA at Agripada, have been named.\"Trustees of many churches have colluded with developers and want to dispose off church properties. It is good news that several churches are part of the proposed heritage list,\" said activist Cyril Dara. Many priests said once churches go into redevelopment, they lose their sanctity. \"Redevelopment is another name to grab church property. I have seen churches losing their sanctity because of redevelopment. Some churches, after development, look monstrously big but lack the sanctity,\" said Rev. Ratnami, a priest at Taylor Memorial Methodist Church at Clair Road, Byculla, which is also in the proposed heritage list.Father David Tayde of Seventh Day Adventist Church at Mumbai Central said he was not aware if his church had been put in the heritage list, but wanted the church to be declared a heritage property nonetheless. The 107-year-old Hume Memorial Congregation Church at Nagpada is also in the proposed heritage list and its priest, Father Z M Dhanawade, is ecstatic.\"It is good for the church as the church properties will get safeguarded,\" Father Dhanawade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "sunday for monday interview", "code": "16330735", "title": "'Action will be taken against errant builders'", "text": "Sunday for Monday interview: District Dy Registrar of Cooperatives Bajirao Shinde .Conveyance deeds of over 70% of housing societies and apartments in Nashik are pending Tushar Pawar Nashik (blurb)TOI speaks to Bajirao Shinde, district deputy registrar (cooperatives), in an interview with TOI, informed the role of the department of co-operative and his role in it about the activities taken by the Department of Co-operatives in Nashik district and initiatives taken by him. He is the first DDR in the state, who has taken initiative for execution of conveyance deeds of housing societies and apartments in the district.Excerpts: Q:What is the scenario of cooperatives in Nashik? Ans:Our duty is to implement the laws governing co-operatives in the cooperative entities like agricultural societies, urban cooperative banks, credit societies, district banks and housing societies. , marketing societies, consumers and fruit processing societies etc. ToOur major responsibility is to make crop loans available to the farmers. is our major responsibility.I am happy to say that the Nashik District Central Co-operative Bank (NDCC) has disbursed the largest amount of crop loans in the state to Nashik district farmers. in Nashik district.Crop loans amounting to Rs 1,546 crore have been disbursed to the 3.5 lakh farmers. across the district, which is the highest amount of loans disbursed across all districts in the state.There is a three-tier system for crop loan the distribution. of crop loans.The NABARD finances the Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB), and the MSCB finances the Nashik District Central Cooperative (NDCC) bank. The NDCC bank provides crop loans to farmers through 1,000 Vividh Karyakari Sahakari societies across the district. These Vividh Karyakari Sahakari societies are the economic veins of the district's rural areas. rural areas of the district. The The flow of credit is our second major task.Credit movement is our second most major task. The common man or deprived individuals elements which who have no market creditin the market, are brought into mainstream economic activity through the cooperative banks and cooperative credit societies.Q: What is the status of Nashik's cooperative housing societies in particular?Ans: There are around 5,000 housing societies registered with the office of the deputy district registrar (DDR) in Nashik district, out of which, around 4,500 housing societies are in the city. Conveyance deeds of over 70% of housing societies and apartments are still pending.Q: What action is being taken over pendency in the execution of conveyance deeds, especially since 70% are still pending of the deeds have not been executed in housing societies or apartments in the district? per cent of conveyance deeds are not executed in housing societies and apartments in the district, what action is being taken?Ans: The state recently made amendments in the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats &amp; Apartments Act (MOFA) 1963, for its effective implementation. Accordingly, the DDR has been appointed as the competent authority for the implementation of MOFA. Builders will now have to register the societies within four months, once 60% of the total flats in the building project are sold. It is also mandatory for the concerned builder to execute conveyance deed immediately after the registration of the society. In short, the ownership of property should be in the name of the concerned societies or apartments in the 7/12 land extract. TheMeasures are being undertaken to implement the Act effectively.Q: What are your priorities as Nashik's DDR? As the DDR of Nashik, what are your prioritiesAns: The current calendar year 2012 has been announced as the 'International Cooperative Year' by the United Nations . Accordingly, various programmes are being undertaken by the department of cooperatives to strengthen the co-operative movement. I already said that the conveyance deeds of over 70% per cent housing societies and apartments in the district are pending.My first priority will be to make efforts to ensure take efforts for 100% per cent execution of the conveyance deeds for the district's at the housing societies and apartments. in the district.We are planning to conduct a survey to know how many builders have executed the conveyance deeds. The survey will focus on the number of buildings and flats soldin them, and will try to identify developers, land owners and dates of completion. We will serve notices to developers or builders who have not executed conveyance deeds.Q: How many cooperative banks and co-operative societies does the district have? are there in Nashik district?Ans: There are around 45 co-operative banks and 645 co-operative credit societies in the Nashik district. And Government money is not involved in these entities. m.The bank's members have their deposits at these institutions in these banks and the loans are disbursed from this amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16333427", "title": "Maharashtra to start new schools in border areas", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government has decided to start 101 primary schools in the border areas of the state.The decision comes amid reports that there were not enough educational facilities to impart education in Marathi medium in certain parts of the state, especially in border areas.\"State government has taken a decision to start 101 Marathi medium schools with the help of local bodies,\" a recent government resolution said.Among other places, new schools would be started in Jat taluka of Sangli district, where there are 88 non-Marathi medium schools, in Gondia district, Savner taluka of Nagpur, and Korchi and Etapalli talukas of Gadchiroli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16330178", "title": "Weavers will stage dharna on Friday", "text": "HUBLI: Akhila Karnataka Kaimagga Nekar Sangh of Hubli will stage a dharna in front of chief minister Jagadish Shettar's residence in Hubli on Friday.Handloom weavers are facing various problems for decades but no government is considering their problems seriously, said N J Malavade, vice-president, Akhila Karnataka Kaimagga Nekar Sangh, in a press release. Their main demands include waiving the loans of weavers and providing houses and jobs to them Government should fix the wages to weavers according to market price hike and an enquiry should be conducted into the scams of the handloom board, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329153", "title": "Army combat display thrills audience", "text": "PUNE: Personnel of the Indian Army recreated a war-like situation and displayed military combat skills as the main attraction of the Southern Command Gold Cup, a grade III race, held on the second Sunday of September every year at the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC), Pune.Before the combat demonstrations, two paramotorists held aerial demonstrations in a green and a blue glider saluting the public with much elan. The team of the army paramotorists has conducted a Kashmir-Kanyakumari expedition covering 3,330 kms in seven days. The paramotorists have also flown from one Lakshadweep island to the other in the past.The aerial performance was followed by a drill specifically designed to show the synergy between the air and ground operations. Four armymen slithered down a rope from a helicopter to the centre of the race course. Specially modified vehicles then came on to the field with men in camouflages who assisted the soldiers in combating the 'enemies'.Later, artillery weapons that were used during the Kargil war by India were brought on while four tanks proceeded towards the 'battlefield'. One of the tanks, named 'Bhishma', weighing 48 tonnes, stood in the centre of the field and generated an ash-grey smoke leaving the audience thrilled.A rod-like formation was made by soldiers to make the final assault. They maneuvered the situation with skill and targeted their 'enemy' to accomplish their mission.The combat power display exhibited the potential of the Indian Army. To conclude the demonstration, a fly past was conducted by four helicopters of the army aviation carrying the national flag, the Indian Army flag and the Southern Command flag.The keenly contested Southern Command Gold Cup race brought the curtains down on the splendid display of arms and sportsmanship. The Gold Cup for this year was lifted by 'Star of Gibraltar' and was ridden by A Sandesh. Lt Gen A K Singh gave away the trophy to the winner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329697", "title": "To receive allowance, heavy rush of passengers at railway station", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur Central railway station remained flooded with youths who had to go to Lucknow to receive unemployment dole from chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, on Sunday. Likewise, thousands came back to Kanpur from the state capital during the evening hours. This added to the passenger rush.Youths including girls occupied the reserved seats in the trains plying between the two stations. As their numbers were huge, the passengers who had reservations could not resist them. Some of the passengers even had heated arguments with the officials. All this affected the passengers who were travelling in long distance trains. Despite making complaints with the TTEs, the passengers had no relief. They had to share seats. The sultry weather conditions further added to the woes of the passengers. During all this chaos, RPF cops were no where to be seen.The affected trains included those coming from Delhi and heading towards Lucknow. The worst were the Memu trains that ply between Kanpur and Lucknow.The passengers rued that the students not only misbehaved but also threatened them of consequences when they did not share berth with them. Those travelling with family in the sleeper coach were highly troubled.The frequent travellers between Kanpur and state capital too complained of the misbehaviour shown by the students.Students from areas like Etawah, Aurriya, Jalaun, Orai had came to Kanpur to proceed towards Lucknow, which further added to the strength of the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328638", "title": "Day 1: Over 1Lakh throng Bandra Fair", "text": "MUMBAI: On Day 1 of Bandra Fair over a lakh thronged Mount Mary Bascilica to pay their respects to the Lady of Mount.Vinay Patil, a Mahrashtrian walked all the way from Goregaon (E). \"We do that for Siddhivinayak temple. But this is the beauty of the fair which serves to bond all communities,\" said Patil.Some devotees made an unusual sight climbing the flight of stairs on their knees to reach Mother Mary. Some like Janet Pereira and Shane Fernandes were seen standing outside the church with begging bowls.\"They are from rich families. But to fulfil a vow, devotees stand with begging bowls and the money collected in given to charity,\"said Bandra resident Daphne Warapen. The face of Bandra Fair has changed over the years. Earlier, pilgrims with health problems took wax models of body parts and offered them at the altar of Mount Mary. However, aspirations have changed with wax models of cars, motorbikes and houses making an appearance in the stalls, which line the route to the Church. \"Many people buy wax figures of houses and place them before Mother Mary's statue. Candle stalls do brisk business throughout the fair,\" said Sharon D'Souza, a devotee.However, some pilgrims are angry that a route to the church has been blocked by the police. \"Earlier, there used to be two paths to enter the fair. One through Mount Mary Road to the church,\" said Anil Joseph, a Bandra resident. \"Those who directly wanted to enter the fair without going to the church would use Cement Road (running along actor Shah Rukh Khan's home) and enter the fair. Since the road has been shut down devotees have been inconvenienced,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335504", "title": "Wizcraft plans Ram Leela for Life OK", "text": "Life OK being a new GEC, has always tried its best to stand different in the competition. Recently, the channel celebrated Independence Day in a unique way with many ground events and few telefilm based on patriotism. Similarly, with Diwali nearing, the channel has once again geared up for a new offering.The news is, Wizcraft International Pvt Ltd that is famous for organizing ground events are planning a Diwali special, for Life OK. This particular event is tentatively titled as Ram Leela .Ram Leela will be anchored by the handsome Ajay Devgn and will have the beautiful Geeta Kapur as a Dance choreographer. The casting is in the full swing and is been done by Raghi Papiya. Last but not the least, Swanand Kirkire will be the lyricist for the show.This particular event will take place during Diwali and will simultaneously air on Life OK. \"Talks are on for such event and will be able to comment on the same with in few days,\" said the creative head of Wizcraft International.Keep reading this space to know more on Ram Leela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329265", "title": "Cops detain 582 for drunk driving, IPR violations", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have detained 582 criminals during storming operations on Saturday.Police booked 14 people for drunk driving.The arrests were mostly for drunken driving and selling pirated copies of movies. A senior police official said that there were no threats or alerts from any other agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328651", "title": "Nearly 7k cases pending as rights panel stays headless", "text": "MUMBAI: Cases are piling up at an alarming rate before the Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC). More than 1,800 complaints have been filed since April, but the panel has not been able to hear-let alone dispose of-a single plea. This has taken the total number of pending cases to 6,747 till mid-August, the highest since the inception of the panel in 2000.The primary reason behind this trend, it has been found, is the fact that the MSHRC has been functioning without a chairperson and two members for months. While the chairperson, former high court Chief Justice Kshitij Vyas, resigned in February, members Justice (retd) V G Munshi and T S Singaravel have retired. This has rendered the commission dysfunctional.The figures were revealed by a Right to Information (RTI) Act query filed by activist Chetan KothariThe chairperson and members of the commission are appointed by a high-level committee headed by the chief minister. The panel is selected based on the recommendations of the CM, home minister, speaker and the opposition leader, following which the same are sent to the governor for approval.Asked about the matter, leader of opposition Eknath Kadse said there was some objection to a particular recommendation. \"There is some objection to one of the names suggested. We will select the chairperson and members soon,\" he added.Government sources said they were looking into the matter.Advocate Yashodeep Deshmukh had filed a writ petition against the commission alleging irregularities in its functioning. \"There is lack of manpower and the commission also works in a haphazard manner,\" he contended.Figures also indicate that although there has been a steady rise in pending cases, the number of complaints being filed has dipped. While 2008-09 saw an all-time high of 7,208 cases being received by the MSHRC, the figure fell to 6,034 in 2009-10. In 2010-11, it further dipped to 5,634; between April 2011 and March 2012, only 5,610 complaints were filed.Deshmukh attributed this trend to \"people losing faith in the panel\". \"The commission was to have a larger mandate as it was also supposed to make people aware about human rights and conduct seminars and workshops. This, however, hardly happened over the past few years, making it a failure,\" Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16331258", "title": "Ex-naib tehsildar booked for land fraud", "text": "PATIALA: There is more trouble for Gurinder Singh Walia, former naib tehsildar (NT) of Patiala. After being indicted by former Patiala divisional commissioner in a Rs 200-crore land scam, Patiala vigilance bureau (VB) booked him in another land fraud case on Sunday.The VB team swooped down on Walia's house after registration of a fraud case and seized some documents pertaining to sale deeds.Sources said some months back, the Punjab government had ordered a probe into a sale deed of 2 kanals 3 marlas land on Sirhind road near Patiala, which was registered on February 29, 2012 by Walia. Nabha SDM probed the sale deed and a few days back, he submitted his report to Patiala deputy commissioner, who sent it to the Punjab government.Acting on the report, the Punjab government forwarded it to Punjab VB for registration of a fraud case.\"During investigations it has come to light that the land is commercial. However, Walia along with some other officers registered it as an agriculture land and caused a loss of Rs 34 lakh to the state exchequer. We have registered a case against Walia and two others and are conducting raids to arrest him,\" said DSP VB K D Sharma.When TOI visited Walia's home, some neighbours said that he has not been staying in his house since he was indicted by the DC.\"He has been trying to procure anticipatory bail in a fraud case. We have formed special teams to arrest him,\" said DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328833", "title": "Raj receives flak for not implementing disability policy", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan government, which received laurels from the United Nations for formulating a comprehensive state disability policy, had to face a sharp criticism from chief commissioner for persons with disabilities for not implementing provisions of the Persons with Disablities Act 1995.The commissioner, P K Pincha, who visited the state capital on September 7, expressed his concerns on ineffective implementation of act and lack of monitoring agency in the state. \"The additional chief secretary of social justice department is also handling the responsibility of the commissioner for disabled persons. This is not the way the position of commissioner should function,\" Pincha said.Pincha raised the issue of non-implementation the act and lack of a monitoring agency, saying these matters should be handled by the chief secretary. He also asked the authorities to appoint principals in four government schools for the blind. \"I asked the chief secretary to appoint a full-time commissioner as soon as possible,\" Pincha said.Expressing his displeasure on the ineffectiveness of the state-level coordination committee, Pincha also said \"The committee which is there to oversee the implementation of the act has met for the first time after 10 years of its formation. By rules, they should meet twice in a year\". On the contrary, the UN report had applauded efforts and interventions taken by the state government and mentioned them as unique and model for other states.Though the state efforts were appreciated for taking comprehensive view of all the aspects of disabled persons' employment and their livelihood in the UN report, Pincha had a different take on it. He objected to the state government's policy with regard to employment of disabled people. As per the state government rules, any person with disability if selected for a government post is counted in the reserved category and can only apply for a limited number of jobs.\"I have raised these issues with the officials of various departments and the chief secretary. I hope the government will soon take a call on it and address it,\" Pincha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328811", "title": "2 nabbed for stealing 16 lakh from angadia employee", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Sardarnagar police and sector II police officials nabbed two accused in Rs 16.25 lakh theft case and handed them to Navrangpura police for further investigation.Investigators said that two other accused in the case are yet to be arrested.According to police, Ashok Rabari, 26, employee of Vasantlal Ambalal Patel and Company, an angadia firm in Ratan Pol, had got Rs 2.25 lakh for delivery from the office and had gone to Survanakala Complex on CG Road on August 31.He collected another Rs 14 lakh from there and put it in a bag. He then went to Super Mall at 4.30 pm to visit another angadia firm. As he was going in the complex, a couple came on a bike near him and asked for directions. When he was busy explaining, two youths came on a bike and stole the bag containing cash.P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station, said that they had got CCTV footage from the spot and had given the grab to various police stations in the city. \"On the basis of the modus operandi, we suspected involvement of Chhara gang,\" he said.On Saturday, police got a tip-off on the youths shown in the CCTV footage and working on the information, arrested Dilip Garange, 48, and Nakul Tamanche, 23, both residents of Kubernagar, from their residences. The duo was also found in possession of the bike used in the incident and Rs 16 lakh.\"Search for the couple that was part of the ploy is on. We got to know that soon after the incident the gang got to know about police movement and decided to share the booty after some time. Thus, we could recover almost the entire amount,\" said Sarvaiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16330173", "title": "Kalraj favours SC order on promotion quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: What might give an indication of his party's line, the senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Kalraj Mishra has advocated going with the Supreme Court order on the issue of quota in promotion. Mishra's statement bears significance since the NDA stands divided on the issue, with one of its allies, Janata Dal (United), supporting the quota.However, when asked whether it was the party line, Mishra told reporters \"this is what he thinks\". The party's official stand would be decided later, he added.The Supreme Court, while upholding the Allahabad High Court order rejecting the reservation in promotion initiated by Mayawati government, had said that Nagraj Committee finding on the status of SC and ST should be taken into consideration. The apex court had also observed that the right to equality and efficiency of the administration should also be taken into account. Kalraj Mishra, who was addressing a press conference here on Sunday, also hit out at the Samajwadi Party government, which will complete six months this week. There was lot of difference between the words and action of the SP government, said Mishra, who is MLA from Lucknow East.\"Even when matters of corruption of the previous BSP government are coming to the fore, why has SP government failed to take action,\" the senior BJP leader asked. The SP government has failed to take any action in the matter of corruption even when the party came back to power on the promise of taking logical action against those found involved in corruption, Misra further said and added that corruption cases were getting lost in hullabaloo of claims and counter-claims of the ruling government and BSP.Citing an example, Mishra said a senior minister in SP government had accused the leader of opposition of being involved in corruption. But when a demand for a probe was made by the former; the matter was put on the back-burner.Citing another example, the BJP MLA said chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had ordered to return 895.6 acre land acquired by the Noida Authority to the irrigation department and had even said that officers responsible for this irregularity will be identified and punished. \"I want to ask the chief minister that has an inquiry committee been formed in this regard,\" Misra asked. As per the media reports, leader of opposition in the Legislative Council had given a detail account of the lands transferred during the last SP rule and had even said that those who are blaming them should first go for introspection of their deeds.So, now the question is that when BSP came to power why didn't it initiate action against the SP government, Mishra quipped. He demanded an independent inquiry into various land deals and transfers around New Delhi. He also took to task the SP government for the power crisis in the state and claimed that crime graph in the state was rising due to poor power scenario.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16334483", "title": "Prince Harry asked to visit China", "text": "Prince Harry has reportedly been asked by the UK government to visit China next year in a bid to improve tense British relations with the country .The Prince was asked by the Foreign Office to visit China following his four-month deployment to Afghanistan , which began last week.According to the Telegraph , a visit by a senior member of the royal family would be a major diplomatic boost for Britain's relationship with China.Relations between the two nations have tarnished following the Government and the royal family's ongoing dialogue with the Dalai Lama , Tibet's spiritual leader and critic of the Chinese regime.Tensions between Beijing and London further escalated following the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood by the wife of the prominent Chinese politician Bo Xilai.According to the paper, courtiers will be hoping that the trip will improve Prince Harry's profile following the embarrassment over the publication of naked pictures of him on holiday in Las Vegas last month.A trip to the world's most populous country would be only his second solo overseas tour.Earlier in 2012, he visited the Caribbean and Brazil on a 10-day Diamond Jubilee tour to mark the Queen's 60-year reign and to champion British business interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16329671", "title": "Publicity blitz to showcase state industrial initiatives", "text": "Days after finalizing the new infrastructure and industrial policy of the state, the industries department of the state government has devised a concerted publicity drive for the policy document outside Uttar Pradesh.The first in a long list of planned publicity initiatives, the infrastructure and industries commission has decided to depute Kaushal Raj Sharma, special secretary in the department, to undertake a trip to Kerala. Participating in an event organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry in Kerala, Sharma will interact with industry representatives who have expressed an interest in investing in UP. He will also clarify any doubts and make the provisions of the industrial policy available to interested investors.Apart from deputing state government officials for promoting UP to other states and countries, UP, in an attempt to attract industry, has also roped in Ernst &amp; Young as its consultant to draw up a concerted plan for projecting the state as a preferred investment destination.\"Since the consultants have worked closely with the governments of Gujarat and Karnataka also, UP government plans to ask them to draw up a similar one-year-long investment promotion strategy for the state as well,'' said a senior UP government official.Though inter-state meetings of industry bodies and the state government have been taking place, the government has now decided to take on the task of policy dissemination more seriously. Preliminary inter-state meetings, a senior officials said, will also give the state government a chance to plan their long-term strategy for attracting industry into the state.'Once we assess the success of these preliminary meetings, the government can then decide how frequently UP should participate in such events,'' said Sharma.Earlier, Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta had announced UP's plans to project itself as a preferred investment destination not only within India but off shore as well.After the state cabinet approved the new industrial policy, Gupta said the government would undertake road shows to aggressively market UP's new industrial development policy.Apart from participating in investors' meets in metropolitan cities in the country, the industries department, he said, would also promote UP's case in places like the US, Europe and Singapore, regions that had expressed an interest in investing in UP.After the cabinet ratified the new industrial policy on Tuesday, officials of the state government on Friday confirmed it had issued instructions to all concerned departments -- 25 of them -- to issue government orders for operationalizing the industrial policy.Though the entire process is expected to take over one month, chief secretary Jawed Usmani has already called for a stock-taking meeting on the progress of the implementation process in 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16329839", "title": "'Red' loot two homes", "text": "KORAPUT: Suspected Maoists have robbed two homes at a village in Malkangiri district. Police said the incident came to light on Saturday evening, but no complaint was registered by the victims.According to sources, a gang of six armed men swooped down on the home of a contractor, Sanjay Barma, at Tandingi, about 15 km from Malkangiri town, around Friday midnight and looted cash and gold jewellery. The gang then looted the home of one Balaram of the same village. The miscreants were speaking in Telugu and Hindi, the sources said, adding that the victims did not approach police due to fear of reprisal by the Maoists.\"We have not received any police complaint against the incident. However, our men had gone to the spot for investigation. Though we are not sure about the involvement of Maoists, but their hand in the crime can't be ruled out,\" said IIC (Malkangiri police station) Anirudh Routray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328907", "title": "Sanction trial of your officers: CBI court to Delhi government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delay in getting sanction for prosecuting a few government officials in a corruption case, which also involves the owners of a five-star hotel, has irked a special CBI court. It has asked the chief minister to instruct her officers to speedily pass orders for sanction.Special CBI judge Swarana Kanta Sharma has also asked the ministry of law and the law secretary to ensure that the direction passed by the Supreme Court on the issue of sanction for prosecution of government officials is complied with. \"Copy of this order be sent to the chief secretary, Delhi, to be brought to the notice of the CM for passing orders on sanction among the officers, and also to the ministry of law and the law secretary for consideration that the directions passed in the judgments of the apex court will be complied with at the earliest and the guidelines will be made and issued at an early date,\" the court said while asking the government to take the order \"seriously\" and follow it in its \"true spirit\".The court's order came after the CBI submitted that in spite of applying for sanction to prosecute three government officials of Directorate General of Foreign Trade and Department of Transport under Prevention of Corruption Act in January this year, the sanction was still awaited. Under the Act, a sanction is required from the department concerned to prosecute its officials.As per the case, the owners of a five-star hotel had connived with the government officials to cheat the state exchequer of lakhs of rupees while spending the money to buy three luxury cars \u2014 one Porsche and two BMWs.While no sanction is required to prosecute the hotel owners, the court said trial could not begin due to delay in getting the sanction for prosecution of the government officials. \"It is appalling that though eight months have passed since sanction was applied for, the same is still awaited,\" the judge said.The court noted that due to such delays, the courts were forced to release the accused on bail.Referring to the apex court's order in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case, where the court had fixed a timeline for grant of sanction and also asked Parliament to consider the guidelines, the judge noted that no guidelines have been made by the government \"till date\".\"No doubt bureaucrats of this country are the backbone of administrative wing of the democracy and I am sure that if it is brought to their notice that unnecessary delays in granting sanctions shields the guilty, they will expedite passing order of sanction as they will not want to aid either corruption or corrupt,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16330100", "title": "171 more Pak Hindus arrive in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: In a huge exodus of Hindu families from Pakistan into India, 171 people arrived in Jodhpur by Thar Express on Sunday. The group comprises men and women in all age groups and they have been temporarily accommodated in a temple's precincts until proper arrangements can be made.\"We've informed chief minister Ashok Gehlot about this and expect him to direct the administration to make arrangements for them,\" said Hindu Singh Sodha, president of Seemant Lok Sangthan, an organization working for the rehabilitation of Hindu migrants from Pakistan.In the past two months, about 350 migrants have come to Jodhpur, in addition to 1.20 lakh already living in Rajasthan as migrants, said Sodha. \"The exodus of Hindus from Pakistan on account of religious, financial and social persecution, is not a new thing. But this is the largest ever exodus since the fencing along the Indo-Pak border. It's clear that the condition of Hindu families in Pakistan remains intolerably humiliating,\" said %Sodha.The group was led by Chetan Ram, sarpanch of his village in Pakistan, who is a daily wage labourer. His father expired nine days ago. All of them arrived in India without disclosing their departure to anybody, even their %relatives. \"If we had made our journey public, the masters, whom we serve, would have made it impossible for us to leave Pakistan,\" said Chetan.To avoid getting caught, these families left their houses about three months back and kept changing their locations. \"On Friday, we left for India leaving all our belongings in Pakistan,\" Chetan said.\"We were daily wagers and would've continued working there but for the fact that our self-respect, religious freedom and children's future is at stake,\" Chetan said. \"They have pilgrim visas according to which they are supposed to return to Pakistan. But none of them wants to go back,\" said Sodha.A few in the camp told TOI that they were encouraged to come to India after learning that the Indian government was giving permanent citizenship to migrants from Pakistan. In fact, Jaisalmer administration has organized camps to accord citizenship to migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16336028", "title": "Costliest film in Kollywood!", "text": "Producer-director S S Vasan's Chandralekkha (1948) was made on a financial budget of $600,000, making it the costliest film ever made during its time. This MK Radha-T R Rajakumari-starrer was released in 609 screens worldwide with subtitles. In Japan, the film was titled Shakunetsu-no ketto !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16333840", "title": "Krishna seeks report on custody row involving Indians in US", "text": "NEW DELHI: External affairs minister S M Krishna on Monday sought a report from the Indian mission on US child service authorities in New Jersey restricting an Indian couple's access to their one-year-old son after he underwent surgery for an injury.Official sources said that Krishna has sought a report from the mission on the US-based Indian couple, hailing from Balurghat in West Bengal, being given limited access by American authorities to their son.Nirmal and Sonarani Saha, the grandparents of the child Indrasish, had said on Sunday that he fell from the bed on August 9 at the couple's New Jersey home when his mother Pamela was cooking and his father Debas was in office.Indrashish was immediately rushed to a state-owned hospital where he was admitted by doctors and underwent a surgery, Nirmal Saha had said.After Indrashish got well, his parents wanted to take him home but the hospital authorities refused to hand over the child to them. The Child Protection Organisation alleged that the parents had failed to take proper care of him, the grandfather said.He said he has appealed to the President, the Prime Minister and the West Bengal chief minister for help, and added that his son Debashis rang up Bengal Panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee and appealed for help.Mukherjee told Debashis that he would take up the matter with chief minister Mamata Banerjee .Earlier in May, two Indian infants in Norway were taken into foster care by Child Protection Service there alleging that their mother Sagarika was unfit to take care of two-and-half-year-old Abhigyan and five-month-old Aishwarya.The two infants were subsequently sent to India in the custody of their uncle Arunabhas Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16331105", "title": "Acid attack victim cana t open eyes, may lose vision", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amit Kumar , 24, the victim of Saturdaya??s acid attack might lose his vision as the cornea of both his both eyes has turned almost white. A senior doctor treating him told TOI, \"\"This condition is a result of blood supply not reaching the eye vessels. The victim has not been able to open his eyes. He has been shifted to the eye centre in PGI and we are waiting for the medicines to act in the next 24 hours\"\". Amita's lips have also been completely burnt in the acid attack. He was rushed to Government Multi-Specialty Hospital in Sector 16 after the acid attack in the Sector 22 market, from where he was immediately referred to the PGI.The acid attack was a result of a dispute in Amita's family. His uncle Vijay of Ludhiana is the prime suspect in the attack.Neeshu, Amita's sister, said, a??Vijay had made a call on her cellphone taking responsibility for the acid attack and also threatened her with dire consequences hours after the attack. Accused Vijay had forcefully taken away their cousin around one-and-a-half years ago and married her.He had recently made objectionable comments about her, following which Amit had thrashed him around two months ago. Amita's cousin used to stay with his family. Neeshu, Amita's real sister is a computer operator with the municipal corporation in Sector 17, while his mother, Sunita, is a housemaid.Hari Ram, the victima's grandfather told TOI, \"The girl was forcefully taken away by Vijay. Her father had passed away around eight years back and Vijay was taking advantage of our poverty. Mam Chand, Amita's father also passed away some years ago\".Vijay, who is suspected to be a drug addict has a criminal background. Some cases were registered against him in Ludhiana. The acid attack victim besides his sister has a younger brother, Rohit.A case of attempt to murder and criminal intimidation was registered at the Sector 17 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329128", "title": "Most sparrows spotted in city, outskirts", "text": "PUNE: An online survey has revealed that a majority of sparrows are found in Pune city and its outskirts. Very few sparrows were sighted in the forests, rural, town and village areas. Compared to the city, more sparrows were found in the outskirts.The survey, 'Citizen Sparrow', was launched by the Ministry of Environment and Forests along with the Bombay Natural History Society and several environmental organizations to document the population and distribution of sparrows nationwide. Citizens who had previous recordings of sparrow sightings and latest information about house sparrows participated in this online survey.Maharashtra has been a major contributor of information for the survey with Pune, Nagpur and Mumbai providing the highest number of observations and information about sparrows, followed by Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.The areas where people have reported sparrows in large numbers (100 plus) in Pune are Prabhat Road, Erandawane, Magarpatta city, Hadapsar, East Street, Goyal Shinde Park, Bopodi, Kothrud, Sus Road, Ganeshkhind, educational institutions in Karvenagar, Cipla centre in Warje, Prathamesh apartment, Pimple Saudagar, Neelayam theatre, near Peshwe Park, Dandekar bridge, Sarasbaug Ganesh temple, municipal colony, National Chemical Laboratory Pashan Road, Mantri Avenue Panchavati and Velankarpuri at Parvati Darshan.There were more recordings about sighting of few (1-5) sparrows and fair number (5-30) of sparrows. A few record of sparrow sighting also came from new residential development in village areas.According to the survey, Sadashiv Peth reported a large number of sparrows (30-100) between 1975-1979, while Shivganga apartments, Erandawane reported fair (5-30) number of sparrows in 1980-1984.The 'Citizen Sparrow' team told TOI that Puneities who want to find sparrows in large numbers can visit the areas which will help in conservation activities. The team said that Puneites participated in the online survey in good numbers which has helped get better insights into the house sparrow habitat and distribution.The compilation of data for the national online survey is still on and will be released in a month's time.Sanjeev Nalavade, a faculty at Fergusson College and also an expert on biodiversity, said the sparrows have disappeared from the heart of the city because of conversion of old wadas into multi-storied buildings. Earlier, there used to be open spaces, trees, and hedge plants in old wadas. Also, the old wadas would have crevices or holes for nesting of the birds.\"Pune used to have horse stables in the heart of the city. The horses would feed on food grains and the sparrows would survive on the leftover grains. Sparrows require open spaces but now these spaces are covered with concrete flooring. In suburban areas, there are still open spaces, bungalow colonies and new apartments with central ducts that give space for nesting. These areas also have plants and hedges that are roosting sites for sparrows,'' he said.Bhau Katdare, founder of Sahyadri Nisarga Mitra, said that they have been distributing artificial nests among citizens. Out of the 1,000 nests distributed, sparrows were found occupying 40% of them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16332940", "title": "Intel\u2019s tech lead is no worry: ARM India", "text": "NEW DELHI: ARM, a firm whose processor technology dominates tablet and smartphone market, believes that Intel may have the technology lead in silicon chip fabrication but it will not help the company much in future.ARM's India chief Guru Ganesan told TOI that chip fabrication, where Intel is ahead of its competitors by over a year, is just one aspect of the making the processors. \"Fabs (the factories where silicon chips are baked) are just one part of the story. Intel may have a lead there but our advantages in other aspects are too big,\" said Ganesan. \"We have the whole ecosystem with us and we are confident that we can end Intel's dominance in the processor market.\"ARM, which until a few years ago was making chips for low-powered devices like phones, has seen a tremendous growth with the rise of smartphones and tablets. The company has big plans for the future now and aims to enter the selective parts of the traditional computer market where Intel dominates.Ganesan said that ARM has solutions for server market and laptop makers and the products would start arriving in the market next year. The company, which has its main office in Cambridge, UK, believes that it can capture up to 20% share in the laptop market by 2015.\"Since we started making chips in 90s, our focus has been on power efficiency and performance per watt. That's the reason behind our success in smartphones and tablet market,\" said Ganesan. \"Going forward, we are going to leverage our expertise to build power efficient chips for servers and laptops.\"Intel, which has been slow to see the writing on the wall, has now started taking ARM threat seriously. It is now pushing for more power efficient processors in a bid to guard its turf as well as to enter the lucrative smartphone and tablet market. Earlier this year the company launched first Android phone powered by an Intel processor.In a bid to stave off the challenge from ARM, Intel hopes to rely on its silicon manufacturing technology. While its fab competitors like TSMC are currently trying to perfect the technology to make chips with 28nm transistors, Intel is running fabs with 22nm technology.Traditionally, Intel has been able to master the new fabrication process quicker than others. According to Moore's law, shrinking transistors lead to better performance and lowering of power use. Intel's fab lead has allowed it to outpace its competitors. In a few days, Intel is likely to reveal more details about new processors for thin laptops, which will consume less than 10W compared to 17W the existing ones do.Last year, Intel CEO Paul Otellini spelled his firm's strategy. \"We're not a strong player in phones yet, but we will be,\" he told a business magazine. \"We were able to bring volume economics and technology to computer market and you'll see us do the same here... drive the power down, drive performance up, drive costs down, in typical Intel fashion \u2014 boom, boom, boom.\"But Ganesan believes that ARM would be able to keep ahead of Intel because of the ecosystem it has created. \"The business model Intel uses is outdated,\" he said. \"Instead of doing everything alone, we work with partners and different partners take care of different aspects. We innovate together. Intel may make best chips but we will always have the best products.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329244", "title": "Tech misuse leading to suicides: NGOs", "text": "KOCHI: Tackling misuse of internet and gadgets like smartphones seems to be high on agenda of NGOs trying to create awareness and prevent suicides in the state.While the district gears up to observe World Suicide Prevention Day on Monday, city-based NGOs say that though the main reason for suicides in the state is relationship problems and financial burden, the misuse of technology too has been playing a role in increasing the number of suicides.\"There is a need to create awareness on the judicious use of the mobile phones and internet to prevent suicides caused by the misuse of the technologies,\" said Rajesh Pillai, director, Maithri, an organization working for suicide prevention in the state.He said on an average they have been receiving 6-7 phone calls per day from those who are distressed and considering the option of suicide.Experts say suicides can be prevented with a proper support system. \"As per the different studies, 85% of people who attempt suicide don't want to die and can be saved if they are provided with some support,\" said Dr Vijayalakshmi Menon, convenor, Chaithram, a suicide prevention and emotional support centre based in the city.They also said that people who call them seeking counselling include homosexuals as they are often ostracized in the society.However, Antony Jinoy, Childline coordinator, said there is a decline in the number of calls from children who need emotional support.As part of the dissemination of suicide prevention message, Chaithram will organize a walk to save lives. The walk, which will begin from TDM Hall, will conclud at South Railway Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335558", "title": "Mumait sizzles in Dhamak", "text": "Mumait Khan was recently spotted shooting for a Lavani dance for Marathi film 'Dhamak'. The shooting for the item number took place at filmcity in Mumbai. The actress showed great dedication in her work and looked beautiful in a traditional lavani attire.Mumait Khan recently showed her dancing talent in an item number in Bollywood blockbuster Rowdy Rathore . Apart from this her item numbers in Munnabhai MBBS, Fight Club and Big Brother are widely appreciated.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329036", "title": "Now, a multi-specialty hospital in Aundh", "text": "PUNE: Mayor Vaishali Bankar inaugurated a multi-speciality hospital in Aundh on Sunday.Initiated jointly by the Aundh Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS), a registered charitable trust, and Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on public-private-partnership (PPP) basis, the hospital with 100 beds is currently ready and in the coming two years, its strength is likely to be increased to 300 beds.The hospital which is a tertiary care unit has eight floors including the basement. It is aimed at providing healthcare services in a comprehensive manner to every individual with an emphasis on quality, service excellence, empathy and respect, organisers said. The joint venture is envisaged to cater to the ever-growing need of healthcare in Aundh and its vicinity.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who was to inaugurate the hospital, could not make it to the venue and therefore, in his absence, Bankar inaugurated the hospital. The organisers informed that Pawar was on a visit to the draught-hit area in Satara.Meanwhile, health activists of the Jan Arogya Manch have demanded that the PMC should cancel the existing agreement made with the AIMS trust in 2003 with immediate effect. \"The PPP model is said to be one that is in the interest of the poor and common people. But, AIMS' own declaration says they will provide a mere 10% of total beds to corporation-recommended patients and they too will be liable to pay 50% of the charges,\" the activists said.Standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere spoke about revising the existing agreement. \"The changes should be made accordingly so that there will be no contentions to impede the future development of the hospital.\"Meanwhile, Aundh Vikas Mandal, a mohalla committee in Aundh, underlined that using a combination of RTI, media support and local governance activism; citizens have finally emerged victorious in getting the much promised medical facility in Aundh after a 12-year-long battle. Although, the citizens' collective and untiring efforts have gone unrecognized, claimed the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335711", "title": "Marathi movie 'Madhyamvarga' launched", "text": "The muhurath of Marathi movie 'Madhyamvarga' took place recently in Mumbai. Bhojpuri superstar Ravi Kishan will soon be seen playing the lead role of a journalist in this Marathi movie. At the muhurat of the film the actor was seen in a blue kurta sporting a red teeka on his forehead.Also present at the Mahurat was Siddharth Jadhav and Kashmira Kulkarni. Ravi Kishan says, \" With this movie I want my fans to know about Marathi culture.\"Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330281", "title": "Seven changes needed in DTC 3.0", "text": "Any taxpayer who has just filed his return will tell you how easy the process has become . While filing the return has been simplified, computing the taxable income, calculating the tax and preparing the return are still mired in difficulties. The average taxpayer easily loses his way in the maze of deductions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Three years ago, the government raised hopes of sweeping changes with the Direct Taxes Code, but Pranab Mukherjee watered it down. Now Finance Minister P Chidambaram has promised to review the DTC once again. ET Wealth identifies seven areas in personal taxation that need to be changed.Exemptions and deductionsOriginal proposalDid away with most exemptions and deductions.Revised DTCReinstated all the sections of the Income Tax Act.What needs to be changedEvery month, millions of Indians fill out fictitious bills to claim tax-free reimbursements and allowances. The average private-sector employee gets 20-30 % of his net take-home salary as tax-free reimbursement . Doing away with these exemptions and deductions will simplify the tax structure and plug tax leakages.Tax slabsOriginal proposalNo tax on income up to 2 lakh; up to 10 lakh taxed at 10%; up to 25 lakh at 20%; and 30% tax on income beyond 25 lakh.Revised DTCBrought down tax slabs. Basic exemption of 2 lakh; up to 5 lakh at 10%; up to 10 lakh at 20%; and over 10 lakh at 30%.What needs to be changedIf exemptions and deductions are removed, the tax slabs must also be raised to cushion the taxpayers from the impact. The change will not hit the income tax collections because of the higher income in the tax net.Real estateOriginal proposalRemoved tax benefits on home loans. Rent presumed at 6% of value. Standard deduction reduced to 20% of rental income.Revised DTCReinstated home loan benefits and did away with 6% presumptive rent. No change in reduction of standard deduction.What needs to be changedAny change in tax benefits should be from prospective effect . It would be unfair for existing borrowers if the rules are changed midway. The presumptive 6% rent checks tax leakage and should be reinstated.Capital gainsOriginal proposalRemoved all distinction . All gains were to be uniformly taxed as income. Tax could be deferred by investing in Capital Gains Savings Scheme.Revised DTC50% of the long-term capital gains on equities to be tax-free and balance to be taxed at marginal rate. Capital Gains Savings Scheme shot down.What needs to be changedThe original proposal had simplified the tax structure but the revised bill introduced a complex calculation. A uniform tax on all gains, be it from equity, debt or gold (short- or longterm ), will simplify things.Life insuranceOriginal proposalTax benefits only if the cover is 20 times the annual premium.Revised DTCNo change, but later hinted at lower limit of 10 times the annual premium.What needs to be changedLife insurance is the favourite tax-saving option for a lot of Indians. The original proposal had sharpened the focus on life cover offered by an insurance policy. This might make it difficult for people above 40 years to claim tax benefits on life insurance policies, but it will also make people buy life insurance for the right reasons and encourage longer terms.Tax-saving limitsOriginal proposalHigher annual tax-saving limit of 3 lakh for an individual.Revised DTCRetained the limit, but included in it the home loan benefit of 1.5 lakh. It also set a sub-limit of 50,000 for life and medical insurance.What needs to be changedIt's a throwback to the Section 88 era, when the government decided how one should split tax-saving investments. The sublimits should be removed and the allocation of 3 lakh should be left to the taxpayer.Retirement planningOriginal proposalOne umbrella Retirement Benefit Account (RBA) for all retirement savings of an individual.Revised DTCDropped the RBA because it was difficult to build and maintain such a huge data base for individuals.Seven changes needed in DTC 3.0The RBA can allow the investor to switch between options without any tax implications and withdraw only after he is 60. This flexibility can be an impetus for retirement savings. The excuse given in the revised draft is not tenable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16328503", "title": "Noida Extension farmers stall work, cops come to rescue", "text": "NOIDA: Farmers of villages along Noida Extension on Sunday vented their ire against developers and stalled construction work of housing projects and even locked up their site offices. The agitating farmers alleging that the Greater Noida Authority has backtracked in providing 10% developed plots and 64% hiked compensation.Perched on their tractors, farmers headed towards the main roundabout in Noida Extension. They shooed away construction workers with lathis and locking up site offices. \"We had reached a settlement with the Authority and did not approach the Supreme Court. But till date no land has been identified for farmers under the 10% developed plot quota,\" said farmer leader Manvir Bhati. \"The Authority abruptly stopped disbursal of extra compensation in December last year. Our demands regarding making abadi land freehold property have also gone unheard,\" added Bhati.Though farmers claimed that they would not let construction resume, police ensured resumption of work after the demonstration. \"Work has resumed. PCR vans and other police personnel have been deployed to quell off any breakdown in law and order,\" said Praveen Kumar, SSP of Gautam Budh Nagar.The Greater Noida Authority has said that work on abadi settlement has already begun, but developed plots would be given in the final stage of settling farmers' issues. \"Several groups of farmers have also filed over 100 SLPs in the Supreme Court against the high court judgement. We are also waiting for the outcome of these cases,\" said Rama Raman, CEO of Greater Noida Authority.Raman added that disbursing extra compensation was stopped last year due to paucity of funds.Developers said that farmers are acting in haste and should keep some patience. RK Arora, CMD of Supertech and member of CREDAI, said, \"Farmers should give some time to streamline things. They should respect the court and the law. There is a lot more to be done for the farmers besides compensation. They should understand that work in the region was halted for the last 10 months and it will take some time to start functioning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16336096", "title": "CP to seal premises raided for prostitution racket in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: City police is set to conduct sealing operation at premises where the cops have busted prostitution rackets.CP Ankush Dhanvijay has already made his intention clear on this issue. Last month, the city police had sealed the guest house section of a reputed eatery after a raid exposed the flourishing sex racket at its premises. Several women were also rescued from the place during the action which was undertaken in December last year.Following two raids at Dhantoli and Bajaj Nagar earlier this month, the CP said the procedures to seal both the premises are underway. \"We are contemplating the legal options to seal such places where action under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act has taken place,\" he said.Apart from the notorious red-light locality of Ganga Jamuna, a section of the shady beauty parlours in the city are learnt to have become hubs of flesh trade rackets.Sources from police department said that many such mushrooming beauty parlours are also engaging girls who have come for studies from different cities. These young girls are learnt to be engaged in flesh trade for fast money.Despite an alleged spurt in such crimes and CP's strict stance, the action of the crime branch's social service branch has remained lackluster. The action from the police station level too has been dull. Senior officials claimed that manpower crunch and an increase in different activities have taken a toll on such actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16334487", "title": "Trend Micro aims to double revenue this fiscal", "text": "NEW DELHI: PC security firm Trend Micro is aiming to double its revenues from consumer business during this fiscal ending December on the back of growth coming from smaller towns and cities.\"We expect to double our revenue from consumer business during the ongoing financial year. There has been surprising trend that we have seen. Most of our revenue growth is coming from smaller towns compared to metros,\" Trend Micro's Country Manager for India and SAARC, Amit Nath told PTI.Nath, however, did not disclose the company's India revenues.He said at present 70 per cent of revenues are coming from non-metros.\"We have had some surprises. In a weekly sales figure, growth in small towns like Balia outnumbered growth in metros. In metros and sub-metros like Pune, Bangalore, growth remains around 10-12 pr cent but sales in non-metros during this fiscal has been around 20-22 per cent,\" Nath said.To push sales, Trend Micro is expanding its team and running awareness programmes across country, especially in schools, he added.\"At present, we have 50 people team to manage sales across country. This year we are hiring 16 people more to drive sales in non-metros. Also, we are conducting free sessions in schools to generate awareness about cyber threats,\" Nath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16329956", "title": "Tricksters steal ATM card, withdraw 88,500", "text": "NAGPUR: In one more instance of tricksters duping ATM users, Koradi police on Sunday registered offence after a victim's card was used to withdraw around 88,500 cash from various ATM centres.Two tricksters offered help to Ajay Somkuwar to withdraw money from the ATM outlet at a petrol pump on Koradi Road on August 30. In the process, the duo stole Somkuwar's ATM card without his notice.On the following day, the tricksters used this card at various ATM centres to withdraw 88,500 cash. Somkuwar learnt about the theft after going through the bank statements. He then approached Koradi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16329663", "title": "Police issue tips to avoid blasts in Imphal before polls", "text": "IMPHAL: Police have issued safety tips to the public to avert untoward incidents ahead of the panchayat polls in the face of the recent bomb attacks on security forces at crowded areas in the capital.The panchayat polls for the four valley districts of Imphal West, Imphal East, Bishnupur and Thoubal will be held on Thursday, for which hectic canvassing is underway in full swing.Imphal West district police, besides urging people to avoid crowding places unnecessarily, also asked them not to allow unattended vehicles to be parked in front of their houses or shops. It asked the people to inform the police in case they spot any abandoned vehicle.Rebels on Wednesday triggered an IED explosion at the crowded Keishampat junction in Imphal West, injuring two Assam Rifles personnel, while a jawan from 18 Sikh Regiment and a civilian sustained splinter injuries after another bomb went off at Tiddim Road on Saturday.Rebels also exploded a powerful bomb at Kumbi in Bishnupur district on Sunday morning, killing an Assam Rifles' personnel and injuring six others.Superintendent of police (Imphal West) issued a statement asking the public not to touch any suspicious objects or accept gifts/ packets from unknown persons. The people should check their surroundings for any unusual changes and suspicious behavior of people and strangers, the statement said. The statement also gave phone numbers of important police stations in Imphal for giving information if any suspicious circumstances are detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16329071", "title": "Government forms advisory board to implement Official Language Act", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has formed an advisory board for effective implementation of the Official Language Act, 1987.The board will advise the government on ways of putting the act into force by recommending schemes and projects to serve the purpose.The board will also give recommendations on formation of sub-committees to study matters relating to the official language and to meet staff requirement to implement the act and study the language policy implemented in other states etc.Members of the board include MLA Vishnu Wagh, who is also a noted Marathi and Konkani writer; professor Edward de Lima, educationist and experimental Konkani writer Tanaji Halarnkar, research scholar and editor of the Konkani encyclopedia; Madhavi Sardesai, associate professor and Konkani linguist; professor Akalpita Raut Desai; associate professor in Konkani and Marathi writer Fr Jaime Couto, a lexicographer.The board will also implement recommendations of the previous boards like making Konkani and Marathi official languages for the purpose of display of name boards by all departments, directorates, agencies of the government of Goa and societies, corporations and companies formed by the state government. Konkani and Marathi languages will also be the official languages for the purpose of recording all statements by the police department, whenever the person whose statement is recorded, narrates the facts in either of the two languages, as per an order issued last year by the director for official language.As per the order, invitation cards from every department, directorate, agencies of the government of Goa and societies, corporation and companies formed by the state government will have to be in the official languages.The publication of any notice or communication etc of any devasthan committee or comunidade, in the official gazette, whenever such devasthan committee or communidade so requests, will be done in either of the two official languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16331029", "title": "4.3 degrees up in just one day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a cool beginning of the month, the hot summer days have once again started to trouble city residents. Unlike other weekends it turned out to be a hot Sunday for all those planning a day out with maximum temperature rising by nearly 4.3 degrees in just one day. The maximum temperature on Sunday was recorded at 35.1 degrees whereas it was 30.8 degrees on Saturday. Also the maximum temperature was 2 degrees up by the normal temperature.If compared to last year, the maximum temperature on September 9 was up by nearly 3 degrees. Last year, the maximum temperature was recorded at 32.1 degree where as minimum was 25.4 degrees. September saw a rainy beginning that helped in keeping the maximum and minimum temperatures down, but from September 3 onwards temperature again crossed the normal mark with sun shining bright.However, light rainfall of 1mm on Saturday morning made it pleasant.''In the last few days, weather has changed a lot. It never used to be this hot earlier'', said Ravi Kumar, a resident of Sector 29.''I ended up spending the entire day indoors because of the sun shining bright whereas on Saturday it was pleasant'', said Sakshi Jain, resident of Sector 22.On Monday, the sky would be generally cloudy keeping the maximum temperature close to 34 degrees and minimum temperature around 25 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328783", "title": "Rain revelry unleashed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With thick black clouds looming large over the city, it turned out to be an ecstatic Sunday for rain-starved Amdavadis. The showers created a right mood for monsoon revelry with people enjoying 'bhajiyas' and 'masala corns' over cups of tea in their houses.The rain gauges of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) recorded an average 12.25 mm rainfall on Sunday with stray incidents of tree uprooting and short circuits reported from few areas.For many rain revelers, drizzling on the road was an open invitation for biking and long drive in cars to nearby bird sanctuaries or to the thick green cover of Gandhinagar. \"It was a perfect Sunday for driving through green, tree-lined stretches. The misty conditions that enveloped Ahmedabad were spellbinding,\" said Satellite resident Suresh Patel.It was, however, business as usual for the fire brigade. Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials rescued two crows from trees in Premdarwaza and Amabawadi areas of the city. At the Gujarat sports club a tree branch fell over a vehicle damaging it completely. \"The owner of the vehicle claimed a compensation of Rs 15 lakh saying that the labourers of the sports club were careless and cut the branch without noticing the vehicle below. However, sports club official claimed the incident occurred due to strong winds,\" said an AFES official. Several trees were also uprooted in Judges Bungalow Road, Uttran towers.Meanwhile, water-logging created hassles for people in several areas including Viratnagar near Ashirwad society, Yamuna Park and Char Toda Kabrastan and Behrampura, Gopal cross roads, Millatnagar, Bhagwan nagar, Kutubnagar, Savitanagar and Sahijpur panchayat school in the south zone and Ravinagar in the new west zone of AMC.The rains caused short circuit in several areas. At Vijay crossroads, short circuit sparked fire in a closed shop. In Shah-e-Alam, an electric cable caught fire after a short circuit. In the walled city, old dilapidated portions of two houses collapsed in Raipur and Parekh nu Dehlu in Kalupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335118", "title": "Bali's another milestone Mard Tange Wala", "text": "Renounced director of Bhojpuri film industry, Bali has always given such blockbuster films to this industry that they prove out to be the milestones for all other Bhojpuri movies. He has given us hits like 'Daroga Babu I Love You', 'Dehati Babu', 'Rangeela Babu' are few of them. And now Bali is coming up with his next movie, 'Mard Tangewala'.Suryakant is the producer of the film and Viraj Bhatt will be seen in the lead role. Suryakant said, \" This movie is totally out of the league of movies being made in this industry. Entire family can cit and watch this movie together.\"Director Bali says,\" This movie is certainly going to make the audience laugh and it's a complete entertainer.\" Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329748", "title": "Salman Khan's fans go berserk, cops resort to lathicharge", "text": "KANPUR: Police on Sunday cane-charged several Salman Khan fans, who had gathered outside Bajariya police station hoping to get a glimpse of the Bollywood actor, who was reportedly to take part in a shoot for Dabangg-2. Several persons were injured in the lathicharge.According to reports, the incident took place after some Salman Khan fans resorted to violence outside Bajariya police station where the Bollywood star was to take part in a shoot. According to an eye-witness the situation aggravated when a kid, was beaten by policemen. After this incident crowd went berserk.A large number of people had gathered in and around the Bajariya police station premises as Salman Khan was reported to take part in a shoot of Dabangg-2.It might be noted here that few local dailies had reported that Salman would travel to Lucknow and Kanpur in the second week of September.\"But when the Bollywood star didn't reached the venue till late hours of the Sunday evening, people got enraged and went out of control and threw stones and bricks all over the police station. Police used a cane-charge to chase away the crowd.The situation is now under control,\" said a senior police official.Some of them tried to mob people, who were passing that way in SUV's, making it difficult for security personnel to control them. \"Cops asked the fans several times to leave the place, but they did not bother,\"said a police official.Locals of the city passing Bajariya police station had to face traffic snarls for several hours. Divya, a local said, \"Traffic near the Bajariya police station, where the star was reported to take part in a shoot, was totally disrupted.\"PAC constables besides traffic personnel were stationed on that particular point for the convenience of the public.Interestingly, Salman in order to avoid inconvenience had earlier recreated Kanpur city in Kamalistan studios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330510", "title": "Dance is Cinderella of the arts", "text": "When Emma Gladstone and Sanjoy Roy from London met Kolkata's dancers and critics last week, they actually set the tone for a season of contemporary dance that British Council will shortly host in India.Gladstone, the programming head of Sadler's Wells, has transformed the company from a 'Receiving House' to one that commissions and produces new dance work. Roy, critic with The Guardian and contributor to Dance Gazette, has authored 'Dirt, Noise, and Traffic: Contemporary Indian Dance in Western City.' The fact that both the names count was evident from the turnout: Tanushree Shankar, Chetna Jalan, Preeti Patel, Sharmila Biswas, Sudarshan of Sapphire, Vikram of Ranan... the who's who was led into a dialogue with the guests by Ananda Lal, theatre critic and professor of English at JU.The visitors from UK cited the volume of writing on cinema to state that writing on the arts increases interest in them. \"Writing on dance itself is an art,\" Roy felt, \"since it has to put movement into words.\" That could be why \"Dance is the Cinderella of the arts,\" Gladstone felt. \"It is the most neglected of the arts,\" Lal agreed, \"because ours is a realistic age and dance is non-realistic.\" But bearing in mind its progressive nature, educational establishments should recognize dance as an important tool of personality building and initiate them as subjects in schools and colleges, he urged.Every dancer's iconIf writing on dance is difficult, imagine making a film that was not for the sake of cinema but as a medium of Dance? One that focused on the difficulties faced by a dancer, with a cast where almost everybody was a dancer and no one - including the leading ladies Padmini, Usha Kiron, Amala Shankar - knew cinema? Uday Shankar performed this feat in 1948 when he was a full fledged icon. But then, he had been nursing Kalpana within him since 1934, when he wrote of this desire in a letter.In the intervening years, Guru Dutt would prod him to start the film that eventually had script and dialogue by Hindi litterateur Sumitra Nandan Pant and Amrit Lal Nagar. Although it was titled Kalpana, the satire was rooted in the reality of this country and so, even today, everything it focused on - religion, social system, education, politics - stares at us from newspaper headlines, says Amala Shankar of the film that was screened at Cannes.Writer Shankarlal Bhattacharya highlighted the magnitude of the budget that stood at Rs 11 lakh and finished at Rs 22 lakh - \"many a Hollywood films were made for that amount at that time.\" Indeed, it was a \"unique and unparalleled event since the movies began,\" as the opening titles proclaim. And from the beginning, it was hailed as an epic.Uday Shankar could make a classic that played with light and shadow since he'd trained as a visual artist. Ray watched it whenever he could and even captured some of the scenes on his camera, Sandip Ray shared with viewers when Kalpana was screened to mark the 27th birthday of Nandan last week.Art of crafting coloursAt the Govt College of Art last week, Delhi artist Sidharth conducted a workshop where students were initiated in the use of natural ingredients as pigment. The skin of pomegranate was boiled in a gamla, and moderants added to get a spectrum of colours. \"Alum or 'fitkari' gives yellow; ferris or iron gives black, green and brown. Add soap and you'll get red or orange,\" Sidharth revealed as he worked the magic before their eyes. For years now Sidharth has been using only natural pigment for his art that is highly valued by European collectors, particularly in Scandinavia. Pomegranate is just one of the 6000 sources he taps for colour. Visit his studio in Delhi and you will be enthralled by the brilliance of the pigments he has stored in jars and bowls.Brahma Kamal, that grows at 7000 feet in the Himalayas gives us the maximum shades, the artist discusses. Then there are the minerals. Hingul is tapped for red.Turmeric and Pevri - cow's urine - are the richest source for yellow. Lapiz lazuli gives out green - correct, green, not blue. For blue you have to depend on indigo..Soumen, completing the second of his MA, was engrossed in adapting these to the work he normally does with acrylic. Others were still burning cashew to use in place of the conte they draw with. Who knows? Someday these artists might be showing in Norway, Florence, San Francisco and Hong Kong, as Sidharth does today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330665", "title": "Healthy run for drug-free society", "text": "LUDHIANA: A Shastri Nagar-based health club conducted a \"Run For Fun\" event, promoting a drug-free society, on Sunday morning. The 5km run started from Shastri Nagar to Ferozepur Road and back. More than 30 people participated to promote good health and spread awareness against drug abuse.Those participating in the event included Jagjit Singh , Surinder Mohan, Goldy, Tarun, Mandeep, Gurmeet, Mandeep Singh , Abhineet, Sahib and Sagar, under the supervision of Nishchay Sachdeva, a trainer at the health club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333370", "title": "Khola Haowa based on extra marital affair", "text": "After 'Brishti Veja Raddur' and 'Chupkatha' another film on extra marital relation is in a row for the Bengali film lovers. Anup directed upcoming film 'Khola Haowa' is based on an illicit relation and it's consequences. Joy Sengupta, Rituparna Sengupta and Samadarshi starrer this film has Joy playing the character of a school teacher by profession and Rituparna as 'Aditi' playing the role of his wife. They both are shown as a happily married couple. However their calm life faces a volatile situation when suddenly Samadarshi enters in the life of Rituparna and along with him brings storm. Earlier Rituparna and Samadarshi have shared screen in Aarohan , which received a huge critical appreciation. Some portion's of the film have been shot at Darjeeling.Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/khola-haowa-third-film-row-based-extra-marital-affair-10891", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328032", "title": "Meet the green managers of garbage", "text": "BANGALORE: Civic authorities have cracked the whip on the hotel industry, considered as the biggest contributor to the city's burgeoning burden of garbage. A whopping 1,500 tonnes of the 5,000 tonnes of waste generated daily by Bangalore comes from hotels.But waste management is not a burden in itself as can be witnessed in some of the best practices adopted by big players in the city. TOI details these model practices adopted by top notch hotels , IT companies and residential blocks in an effort to underscore the point that waste management is all about managing the basics.Hotel Lalit Ashok, Kumara Krupa roadThis five-star hotel in the city is the harbinger of many a green initiative. It complies with all prescribed norms in waste management, water treatment and energy management. Every day, the hotel segregates the waste into biodegradable and non-biodegradable. The wet waste is composted in a vermi-compost unit within the premises with only the dregs landing into BBMP trucks. The dry waste is segregated and recyclables are stored separately and sold as scrap. Half burnt candles are sent back to the supplier while remaining cooking oil is sold for reuse in machinery. The hotel uses biodegradable material everywhere possible, including for its floor mats.ITC Gardenia, Vittal Mallya RoadThis is a zero solid waste hotel, having adopted efficient solid waste management practices since its inception in 2009. The hotel has its own primary waste segregation unit where dry and wet waste are separated. An organic waste convertor generates manure from kitchen waste. The manure is used as fertilizer in the hotel garden. The hotel has its own contractual agreement with a dedicated team of experts who guide its waste management efforts.Hotel Leela Palace, Old Airport RoadThe hotel segregates waste every day, yielding nearly two tonnes of wet waste every day and 3.5 tonnes of dry waste every week. The wet waste comprises leftover food and kitchen waste. It is transported to a poultry farm in Marathahalli for feed. The dry waste is sold to a local waste recycling merchant, thrice a week. The papers are recycled for printing in-house reports. The hotel's skilful disposal of waste and use of recyclables are a lesson to all.Intel , IT giant, Outer Ring RoadSpread over 22 acres, this company campus is a plastic-free zone. No plastic is used even in its cafeteria. Employees use cups which can be reused. The IT giant has a wet waste convertor and shredder to compost the 250 kg of organic waste generated every week. The mixture is then fed into a blending unit along with previously generated compost to provide adequate microbial density in the mix. The produce further undergoes ventilation for 15 days before being used as manure in the company garden. Excess manure is given to NGOs.Prestige ConstructionsAll residential enclaves of this builder, including apartment complexes and gated communities,follow practices that ensure at least 70% of the waste generated does not go to the landfills. Apart from sewage treatment plants, every residential block or gated layout has its own solid waste management unit where wet waste is segregated and composted for producing manure. The enclaves even sell excess manure to agencies and NGOs. Recyclables are also sold to NGOs. land in BBMP trucks. But at its properties where they are disposed, no contractors come pick up garbage , recyclables are sold to NGOs.Mantri TranquilN Ramchandran, a resident of Mantri Tranquil on Kanakapura Road, initiated an elaborate waste management system in the lush 800-unit strong gated community. Ramchandran shifted to Bangalore from Germany and brought with him his deep commitment to managing waste. There is a separate solid waste management building within the campus. This houses a shredder, a composting unit, a bone crusher and a sewage treatment plant. Each of the 11 towers has five separate bins on the ground floor where residents segregate and dump glass, plastics and cartons, e-waste, tetra packs and medical and other hazardous waste. The waste is segregated again at the SWM centre and the wet waste is composted to produce manure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328757", "title": "Save Himalayas, activists urge Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fate of Delhi is tied intimately to that of the Himalayas. The city's water-needs are met by Himalayan rivers; part of our power requirements too is met by energy harnessed at dams on Himalayan rivers; and the forests form a \"sinking point\" for the pollution we generate. Social organizations working toward preserving the ecology of the mountains wish Delhi would pitch in.The third Himalaya Day, September 9, was marked in Delhi by a tense gathering of concerned social and environmental activists, who are trying to preserve the ecology, resources and livelihood-practices of the Himalayan states.It was observed at over 400 centres and recommendations from each of these meetings will be compiled and forwarded to the Prime Minister by the end of this month.Colloquially, these are known as problems of \"Jal, Jangal, Zameen\" - water, forests, land. There is conflict on each front.\"The Himalayan states use only 4.4% of the electricity their rivers are being dammed to produce,\" says Anil Joshi of Himalaya Environment Studies and Conservation Organization (HESCO). Despite the mountains being a \"reservoir for the country,\" as Uttarakhand MP, Pradeep Tamta puts it, \"the mountain states are dry. People have no water for drinking or irrigation\".Dams, of course, are a contested issue. \"In Europe and America, dams are being de-commissioned and here, they're being built,\" says Tamta.Joshi's HESCO, one of the organizers, has done its bit, both for power and water. The organization works with local communities to preserve the ecology of the area and create livelihood opportunities.Their first batch of projects - HESCO helps with technology upgrading - involved reviving water-mills. \"It is an old technology that hill communities developed in the second century. After the big dams came, they fell out of use. We revived and improved them and now about 6,000 villages generate power for grinding flour and other purposes using water-mills,\" says Joshi.The organization's special skill lies in reviving old practices or \"bringing new wisdom and knowledge\" to methods already in use. It has collaborated with outfits as diverse as Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, the Indian Army, schools and even governing bodies of major temples, to bring change.With the help of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, HESCO is \"recharging\" springs. \"These villages in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh were dry. Now there is water; there are vegetables and fisheries,\" he says. They are currently \"treating\" 64 springs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16329808", "title": "Congress claims BJD hand in rally clash", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: On the eve of its Odisha bandh programme, the Congress on Sunday attempted to turn the heat on the ruling BJD and the police administration by holding them responsible for the September 6 violence that left several people injured during a party congregation.While senior Congress leaders charged the BJD of having orchestrated the attack on lady constable Pramilla Padhi (who is recuperating in a private hospital here after sustaining serious injuries), Mahila Congress functionaries filed as many as 15 FIRs at Mahila police station here alleging that helmet wearing police personnel abused them with slangs and attacked them with stones and lathis.\"In three of the FIRs filed by me and two of our party officebearers Pravati Jena and Minati Singh, we have charged the Bhubaneswar DCP (Nitinjeet Singh) of being responsible for the assault on us,\" state Mahila Congress president Bijaylaxmi Sahoo told TOI. Sahoo said she was hit a stone on her left toe while Jena required six stitches because of a wound during the clash between police and Congress supporters. \"A large number of our workers were injured, but only 15 have filed complaints,\" she added.On Saturday, Congress had lodged two FIRs at Capital police station in connection with the bloodletting that left scores injured during a party rally here. Police sources said cases cannot be made out of Congress complaints as those were 'vague'. \"Moreover, we intend to write to the complaints informing them that a similar case had already been lodged and their complaints would be looked into during investigation,\" a top cop said. BJD's Prafulla Ghadai dubbed the Congress FIRs as 'concocted' and said BJD followers never engaged in confrontation with political rivals.State Congress spokesperson Narasingha Mishra alleged that the police was deliberately not registering cases based on FIRs by Congress functionaries. \"Police does not file cases when it is against BJD leaders like the Pipili dalit girl rape case. But when it comes to Opposition leaders police swiftly swings into action and books them,\" he told a media conference. Referring to a statement by health minister and BJD vice-president Damodar Rout, Mishra said, \"The minister's version that 'Naveen Patnaik zindabad' chants were heard during the Congress rally proves that BJD had sent its men to create problems. An independent inquiry should be ordered into this.\" Rout reacted, \"Congress had hired people to attend their rally by paying Rs 250 each. Only mad men will buy the Congress argument.\"Police has earlier slapped cases against AICC general secretary in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler and OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik and others pertaining to the mayhem. Tytler is accused of having instigated the crowd to disrupt peace. \"Police can arrest us if it has the guts. In that eventuality, the government should be prepared for jail bharo agitation,\" Niranjan warned, adding, \"Congress believed in Gandhian philosophy and does not support violence. It was the BJD which planted its workers to sabotage our rally and created mayhem.\"On Monday's dawn-to-dusk Odisha bandh, Congress leaders said they have asked their workers to exercise utmost restraint and not encourage violence. \"But we suspect BJD workers in connivance with police might create trouble to defame us,\" maintained Sahoo. Police sources said they had made adequate arrangements, including preventive arrests, to prevent untoward incidents during the bandh. The state home department advised secretariat employees to report for work before 10:15 am to avoid hassles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329111", "title": "Theatres in Tamil Nadu to play clip on measures to curb suicides", "text": "CHENNAI: One student commits suicide each week in Chennai and the city records highest numbers of suicides among mega cities in the country. To counter these avoidable deaths, a number of support systems have come up in the city, with NGO'S like Sneha foundation and Jeevan Suicide Prevention Center providing succor in the form of round-the-clock helplines, personal counseling and awareness drives.\"This year on the eve of World Suicide Prevention Day, Satyam Theatres across Tamil Nadu will play a 30-second clip on the reasons and possible measures for suicide prevention across Tamil Nadu,\" said Dr. Lakshmi Vijay Kumar of Sneha foundation. A signature campaign was held at Abhirami Mall and Spencer Plaza and a stall to create awareness about suicide has been set up at the Chennai Central.\"The first pamphlet for International Suicide Prevention Day was printed in Chennai and was subsequently released at Stockholm on September 10, 2003. Suicide prevention has snowballed into a movement involving more than 100 countries and we have different objectives each year. The objective for this year is 'strengthening protective factor and instilling hope',\" she addedAnother support group is Jeevan Foundation at Nerukundram near Koyambedu. In addition to a round-the-clock helpline, it counsells students, teachers and parents through awareness campaigns. \"More than 1,500 students were part of a human chain organised on Marina Beach to spread awareness about suicide prevention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "16334603", "title": "Wipro eyeing investments in Omani IT market: Premji", "text": "DUBAI: Wipro is looking at making Oman its next largest strategic market in the Gulf region and is looking forward to making big investments in the country, its chairman and managing director Azim Premji has said.During his visit to Oman, Premji said it is potentially a very important market.\"It is a good to do business here and we have made a good entry. We think we can grow very aggressively here,\" he told the 'Times of Oman'.Premji met business partners and authorities during his day-long meetings in Oman, following which he left for Riyadh . \"We wanted to know what the government would like us to do to be relevant to the country, apart from giving us business. We plan to establish the seriousness of our commitment to Oman. We plan to look at the presence that we have here, the presence that we are trying to build and also build on the localisation which we are doing here,\" he told the newspaper.Wipro has key customers across Omani market segments including oil and gas, retail, banking, transportation among others. Wipro has been in the Middle East for the last 10 years. According to Premji said, it is perhaps the fastest growing region for the company globally.\"We have cut across most of the verticals in Oman. We feel the potential is much more than what we have tapped. We feel Oman will throw up opportunities which will be much larger than what we have been able to exploit till now. So we will continue to make investments,\" he said.Wipro is looking to set up local capability in Oman which the company has already done in the UAE and Saudi Arabia . Wipro has also done a case study with a very important travel segment client in Oman, the details of which will be revealed soon.On the Indian IT industry Premji said it will grow nicely.\"The penetration levels are low and so the head space for demand is high and Indian companies have solid cash flows. They are in a position to spend. But we have to be confident and have the right proactive solutions to be able to generate the interest to spend. India is a good market for us and we concentrate a lot on it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16328646", "title": "\u2018Depressed\u2019 counsellor kills self in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A 35-year-old counsellor at the Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS) in Shahdara allegedly committed suicide at his Greater Noida home in Sector Alpha-I on Saturday. Police have recovered a suicide note.A senior cop said the victim, Rahul Kumar Sahni's body was discovered by his family. \"The family had gone out while Sahni remained at home saying he was unwell. When the family returned, they found him hanging from a fan in his room. He was taken to a hospital, but was declared brought dead,\" said a senior officer, adding in a six-page suicide note Sahni wrote he was depressed with the \"nature of his life and work.\"Dr Nimesh Desai, director at IHBAS, said that there is already a system in place to de-stress employees at the hospital. \"We are planning to overhaul the system so that employees are more vocal about their problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328906", "title": "CBI's chargesheet to be heard today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The chargesheet in Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case filed by CBI at Danta court in Banaskantha district will come up for hearing on Monday. All eyes are trained on this hearing since the court is likely to decide whether it will accept the chargesheet or redirect it to another court which has jurisdiction in the matter.After a 15-month-long probe and six extensions from the Supreme Court (SC) in the Tulsiram encounter case, CBI recently filed its chargesheet in the Danta magisterial court. In the same court, CID (crime) officials had filed two chargesheets against 13 cops from Gujarat and Rajasthan in the Tulsiram case. In its chargesheet CBI has accused former Gujarat's minister of state for home Amit Shah and 19 others including two senior retired IPS officers O P Mathur and P C Pande along with additional DGP Geetha Johri.Judicial magistrate B R Joshi questioned the probe agency whether the court was competent to accept the chargesheet, particularly when the CBI has a designated court in Ahmedabad.Advocate Mitesh Amin, representing one of the accused - suspended IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian, also expressed reservations against the CBI's bid to file the chargesheet in the Danta court. He contended that in its order transferring the probe to the CBI, the SC had clearly directed the investigating agency to submit report in \"court concerned/special\". Hence the Danta court was not competent to accept the chargesheet, as it does not have jurisdiction for the same. He even submitted an application registering his objection. Danta court had then scheduled the next hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16331330", "title": "Scuffles between Cong workers at marriage function", "text": "JALANDHAR: A scuffle took placed between two factions of Congress workers at a marriage function in the presence of Congress MP Mohinder Singh Kaypee in Shahkot on Sunday.The scuffle between supporters of Congress leaders Rajanbir Singh and Hardev Singh Laddi Sherowalia took place twice during the marriage of daughter of a Congress activist of Shahkot. It started from welcoming Kaypee at the function and to get photographed with him.Turbans were tossed around in the melee and one person was also injured in the free-for-all second scuffle. Later, both sides blame each other for triggering scuffles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16331065", "title": "Stress, ache put young flat on their back", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Raghu, 23, could not move his lower limbs while working in office. It was back pain which was bothering him, restricting his movements. And this also resulted in his not being able to meet his projecta's deadline. What ailed Raghu is second most common problem across the world a?? backache. But what was startling was his age. This kind of pain which was seen a decade ago in people in their late 40s is now being diagnosed in 15-year-olds to 28-year-old patients.There has been an exponential rise in patients with back pain point out out city-based orthopaedics. In fact, back pain in the young has reached an epidemic scale in the city, Dr Pradeep Sarkar, from the department of physiotherapy, PGI, goes on to say. Figures from some of the city government and private hospitals reveal that everyday over 60 each young new patients each report with severe back pain. Doctors in public hospitals have seen a 20% annual rise in this condition and attribute it to sedentary lifestyle, office work, stress, non-exposure to sunlight and bad posture due to computer-related work. Dr Sarkar said, \"\"Last year we had 2,200 cases of back pain and this year we have recorded 2,500 till now. Ninety per cent of office workers suffer from back pain which is responsible for absenteeism at workplace\"\".Terming it as a new lifestyle disease which can be prevented with proper posture, Dr Manuj Wadhwa, an orthopaedic at a Mohali-based hospital said, \"\"We come across 20-25 such cases daily. Fifty per cent of these patients are in the age group of 25-40 years\"\".The prime cause for backache is working in the same posture for hours together. a??Most of us slouch while sitting for long hours. Stress is another factor as muscles are also not toned up during stress. Those who do not have sufficient exposure to sunlight suffer from vitamin D deficiency and get weak bones ,a?? said Dr Sudhir Garg, head of the orthopaedics department at Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32.The patients come from varied backgrounds including computer professionals, students, cricketers and desk-job workers. \"\"We often term it as the second most common problem after common cold. However unlike cold, this is disabling and majority of office workers suffer from backache\"\", said Dr Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16329890", "title": "Justice eludes Bhagalpur victims", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Memories are not always sweet. Some history is ruthlessly cursed.\"It was October 6, 1980. I was 28 then. I was picked up by the police from near the bus stand along with nine others and was lodged at Kotwali police station where they (policemen) poured acid in our eyes,\" recalls Patel Shah, a victim of the infamous Bhagalpur acid blinding incident and a goldsmith by profession then. Deserted by the media and social workers who once thronged Bhagalpur, Shah now prefers to avoid everybody. He has even changed his surname from Shah to Burman. \"Us din ki bad se Patel Shah mar gaya, (Patel Shah died after the incident)\" he said.\"How far can one go on in Rs 750?\" asked Neetu, Shah's teenaged daughter. \"My father sells kerosene and we are a family of five. What is our future?\" she asked. \"Can you provide me any job? Garibi se thak gaye, didi,\" Neetu whispered. \"People come and go promising several things. But the ground reality is that no one is there to look after us, not even our father,\" rued Vikram, son of another blinding victim, Umesh Yadav. The disfigured face of Umesh Yadav carries a sign of the horrific past. He is still scared of the footfalls of an approaching stranger. His first words always are, \"Aap thane se hain kya? (Are you from the police station?)\"\"Our children are now grown up. If the government provides them any job, it would be of great help because they are the lone sufferers who were suddenly abandoned and are fighting against poverty,\" said Yadav.Bhagalpur town burst on to national consciousness when 33 suspected criminals were reported to have been blinded by the police, who poured acid into their eyes. The victims continue to seek justice.Shobha Chaudhari, daughter of another acid blinding victim, Bhola Chaudhari, said, \"We were poor then and even now. Nothing has changed much in the last 32 years. The only difference is that my father is no more the bread winner and the people around us treated us like children of criminals. No compensation can change the negative attitude of the society,\" she said.Anita Khatri, wife of the late Devraj Khatri, is running from pillar to post to get the compensation amount transferred to her name after he died a year back. \"The Rs 750 given to us is the family's main source of income. When I met the block officers, they asked for Rs 10,000 to get it transferred in my name. Sometimes, I feel like we were born to die, but why do some people have to suffer so much?\" she asked.When asked about the incident, a young neighbour of Yadav said, \"We were not even born at that time. Nothing can justify the act of the policemen even if they were criminals. No one ever comes to help the children.\" V D Ram, the then Bhagalpur SP said, \"The whole situation was so different then. Right now I am a retired person and a common citizen of India. I have no way or scope to justify the act that happened so long back. They are getting their compensation and nothing is in my hands.\"The Bhagalpur blinding case made history by becoming the first case in which the Supreme Court had ordered compensation for violation of human rights. Accusing the state and social activists of ditching them, Shah, Yadav and others still approach Anand, the son of Supreme Court advocate the late Kapila Hingorani, to plead for a hike in their compensation rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16329087", "title": "Are netas living up to oath of upholding India\u2019s integrity?", "text": "If physical features or language of an Indian becomes the reason for directing suspicious looks or violence against her/him, then the country must urgently take steps to prevent the ugly head of regionalism and linguistic parochialism making fresh attempts to tear national integrity apart.A few months ago, students from the northeast were targeted in Maharashtra, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. We also saw the spectre of regionalism in MNS chief Raj Thackeray's recent speeches. Given the turbulence in northeast over illegal migrants, the fear of a vigorous agitation looms large in Assam and its neighbours. Past experience shows such agitations do not distinguish between an illegal migrant and an Indian coming from states other than the northeast.In another instance of misplaced regionalism, Tamil Nadu thought it would endear itself to Sri Lankan Tamils through protests against tourists from Colombo. Did it anticipate the adverse impact on the lives of Tamils living in Sri Lanka? They had to down shutters to express solidarity with Lankan tourists.National integrity is inseparable from sovereignty. After achieving independence through a non-violent movement, India became a Republic in 1950. The first election to Parliament was held in 1952. Elected representatives were mostly freedom fighters aware of the hard work that had gone in to unite people for a common goal and the importance of the country's integrity for keeping its sovereignty intact.Within a decade, it was felt that people's representatives were drifting away from important lessons in fraternity taught during the freedom struggle and were indulging in regionalism and linguistic parochialism, which fostered sectarianism that, in turn, threatened national integrity.The Committee on National Integration and Regionalism recommended that every candidate for membership of Parliament or state legislatures, Union and state ministers, MPs and MLAs, judges of the Supreme Court and high courts and the comptroller and auditor general of India should take oath to uphold the sovereignty and integrity of India.The Union government accepted the recommendation and introduced the 16th Constitutional Amendment Bill, which after being passed by Parliament came into force on October 5, 1963. The Act added a line to the oath taken by each MP and MLA (also the PM and CMs) which read, \"I will uphold sovereignty and integrity of India\".If the elected representatives are constitutionally bound to uphold India's sovereignty and integrity, how are they tolerating threats to the very thing they have promised to protect? Should they not face disqualification for breach of oath?The threat of regionalism and linguistic parochialism to the integrity of India brings to mind the fears expressed by first PM Jawaharlal Nehru , who had said, \"Who dies if India lives? Who lives if India dies?\" We the people of India gave ourselves the Constitution and embodied in the Preamble what we expected to achieve. Its importance -- in words and practice - was lucidly explained by the Supreme Court in Dr Pradeeep Jain case [1984 (3) SCC 655].More than 25 years ago, the court had felt that India as a nation was threatened by the divisive forces of regionalism and communalism, which were gaining ascendancy and conspiring to tear national integrity apart.\"We must realize, and this is unfortunate that many in public life tend to overlook, sometimes out of ignorance of the forces of history and sometimes deliberately with a view to promoting their self-interest, that national interest must inevitably and forever prevail over any other considerations proceeding from regional, linguistic or communal attachments,\" it had said.We know India is not strung together by a common linguistic thread. Possibly, the common cultural ethos, practice and fraternal feelings helped the diverse country forge a union among States.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330734", "title": "District meet taps swimming talent", "text": "LUDHIANA: The district swimming championship that concluded at the municipal corporationa??s (MC) swimming pool on Sunday witnessed some old and some new talent emerging from the city waters. Among the regular winners were Amarpal Singh and Kawalpreet Kaur, who bagged four gold medals and one silver medal each.The other champs who came forth at the championship included Manavdeep Singh Bal and Manmeet Singh. Manavdeep won five gold and a silver medal while Manmeet clinched two gold and two silver medals.BRS Nagar resident Amarpal proved his supremacy in the 50m butterfly, 50m backstroke, 100m butterfly and 50m free style events apart from winning a silver in the individual medley. \"\"My performance in the pool was satisfactory and I will certainly be more confident in the coming tournaments after this successful outing,a?? said Amarpal, 20. His coach Ajay Sharma said Amarpal has had a promising outing in past at the state and national events he competed at. An undergraduate student at KLSD College, Amarpal follows French swimmer Alain Bernard . a??I never miss Alaina's swimming on TV\"\", he added.For Ayali resident Manavdeep Singh Bal, the MC pool proved to be a lucky one as he clinched four gold medals in 200m free style, 200m individual medley, 100m free style, 400m free style and a silver medal in 50m free style.Apart from winning a gold in 4X100m relay team event and a silver in 4X100m medley relay team event. The 15-year-old student from DAV School, BRS Nagar, said his goal is to represent India at international swimming meets. \"\"I am sure I would be able to achieve my goal if I keep winning medals in every meet I swim at\"\", said Manavdeep, who trains under Visakha Singh.Winning medals in the long distance swimming events, Manmeet Singh of BRS Nagar proved how hard he had worked in preparation for the meet. \"\"I had been training for this meet under Ajay Sharma at the PAU swimming pool and I am glad to go back with gold medals in 1500m and 800m free style events and silver medals in 100m and 50m butterfly events\"\", he said.Kawalpreet Kaur kept her position as a budding female swimmer from the city safe by clinching four gold medals in 50m butterfly, 100m butterfly, 200m individual medley, 400m free style and a silver in 100m free style. Dugri resident and a student of Guru Nanak Public School, Kawalpreet said the weather was perfect for swimming and she enjoyed participating in the meet. She trains under Amandeep Kaur. The other young winners at the district meet included Arham Rattan of PAU, who won a gold, a silver and a bronze; Ishpreet Kaur of Maya Nagar, who won three gold medals, a silver and a bronze and Akshit Bawa of Haibowal, who won five gold medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329368", "title": "RU job cell goes hi-tech", "text": "RANCHI: The placement cell of Ranchi University has gone hi-tech to get the students placed in a reputable company.Recently, the introduction of videoconferencing system in the placement cell has become cherry on the top of the cake as the companies are now recruiting the students online.Placement in-charge of the varsity Pramod Kumar said, \"Many companies of different states used to face problems to come to Ranchi and recruit students, so they avoided coming here. Thus we came up with the idea of videoconferencing so the companies can now take interviews online.\" The videoconferencing has become a hit among the students, too. Pankaj, a student of MBA, said, \"Earlier many companies used to call students to nearby cities to take interview but it was not possible for every student to go and so many missed a good opportunity. But now that can be done online.\"The e-brochure for MBA students is also being prepared by the placement cell. \"The brochure will consist of profiles of every student of the class and when it is sent to the company, they can choose the students they want to recruit as every company has different requirements. This way the work becomes easier for both us and the company,\" said Pramod. The placement cell is also using social networking websites for getting connected with the students. Pramod said,\"We have made a page on Facebook for the placement cell in which all our students are members. We update all the placement information on the page and so more students get to know about the opportunities.\" He added, \"We have also asked the students to make their linked-in profile so that its link can be sent to the companies and they can directly interact with the students.\"Earlier, the cell started sending the placement details through SMS which became an instant hit among students. Pranjal, a student of RU, said, \"It was really difficult to go to placement cell every time and get information about the companies coming for recruitment. Now with SMS and Facebook, it has become really easy for us to keep ourselves updated.\"Chairman of the placement cell and RU pro-VC V P Sharan said students were more friendly with the latest technology which reduced a lot of burden. \"So we introduced them in the placement cell too and are getting a good response both from the students and the companies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16330418", "title": "10 dogs poisoned to death in Peelamedu", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Duraisamy Layout in Peelamedu woke up to the morbid sight of dead dogs lying in various spots in their area on Sunday morning.The carcasses of at least 10 dogs and a cat were found in the area. Residents suspect miscreants to have poisoned the animals.\"You could tell that the victims had frothed and lost bowel control just before their death. They were lying in excreta. We also found a plantain leaf with remains of mutton curry which may have been laced with poison,\" said K Ramesh, a resident of Duraisamy Layout. Most of them were not stray dogs but domesticated Indian mongrels that were free to roam the streets at night.At least three dogs were found dead inside a drain that runs through Duraisamy Layout. N Ravichandran, a resident, claimed that his five-year-old dog Parky which was tied inside his compound near the main entrance was also found dead in the morning. The miscreants may have slipped him the poison too. \"We were shocked but only later realised that it was not an isolated incident and several dogs in the locality were found dead in a similar manner,\" said Ravichandran.V Vijayakumar residing at Dhukkianar Street also lost his dog in the incident. He believes the crime must have happened around 3 a.m. He thought it was peculiar that he had not heard any barking during the night. \"Our dog was fine till around midnight. We usually keep him tied behind the house as the front portion of the compound is open without a wall but unfortunately it was tied in the front area last night,\" said Vijayakumar.On being notified about the incident, volunteers from Humane Animal Society sent their vehicle to collect the carcasses. They also wanted to conduct a post-mortem to ascertain cause of death but corporation officials reportedly refused to oblige and removed the carcasses in their vehicle. \"If we were allowed to conduct a post-mortem we could have figured out the cause of death,\" said Mini Vasudevan, managing trustee, Humane Animal Society, Coimbatore.According to police, some antisocial elements may have killed the dogs to facilitate burglary. Or someone using the stretch frequently may have killed them to get rid of the dog menace. \"We have also lodged a complaint with the local police,\" said PK Rajendran corporation councillor, ward no 39.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16330357", "title": "UK worried as fewer Indian students enrol", "text": "LONDON: The reduced number of Indian students this year has led to concerns in some British universities over the financial viability of courses and departments particularly in the subjects of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM).As universities report a drop of btween 20% and 30% of Indian students in the forthcoming academic year starting later this month, the drop has caused much concern over the future of STEM courses that have been popular among postgraduate Indian students. In oral evidence presented to the Business, Innovation and Skills Committee of parliament , senior figures in higher education and industry noted the concern among vice-chancellors about the impact of less Indian students on financial viability of STEM courses and departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16329948", "title": "Tourism sector needs to be sustained", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tourism is the biggest catalyst for change in Kerala and industry watchers are optimistic enough to say that Kerala had already 'emerged', as far as tourism is concerned, at the turn of the century.\"Whether we like it or not, growth is happening. The next level is to bring growth within the framework of sustainability, which is why tourism department has emphasized on responsible tourism. None of the projects proposed for Emerging Kerala will be given a shortcut approach,\" said state tourism secretary Suman Billa, adding that all seventeen projects proposed by the department still hold good.From 50,0000 tourist arrivals and Rs 0.13 billion as forex in 1996, the industry saw more than 1 crore tourist arrivals and earned Rs 4,221.99 crore as forex in 2011. Kerala's success is riding on the outcome of a public and private partnership and many of the tourism projects being tabled at the Emerging Kerala meet are 'kicker' projects, said the tourism secretary.\"The projects listed by the tourism department at Vagamon and Nelliyampathy are expected to kick-start investments in these areas. With the latest cabinet decision regarding plantation land - ten per cent of the area subject to an upper limit of 10 acre, could be utilized for farm tourism - there could be a few developments here,\" he said. The government's decision to fast-track projects with an investment of Rs 10 crore and above was met with applause by those in the tourism trade.\"Transportation is the next big focus area. The watertaxi and seaplane are all being proposed in a bid to change the way a tourist sees Kerala,\" said Billa.\"Tourism has seen a systematic growth of around 13.5% year-on-year. There are around 13,000 classified rooms in the state and both Indian and international hotel brands like Lalit Hotels and Resorts, Radisson, Leela, Taj, The Park Holiday Inn , Crown Plaza and Hilton are making a beeline. They all want a piece of the pie. If there is demand there will be more supply,\" said Confederation of Kerala Tourism Industries president E M Najeeb.If at all there is a major glitch in the progress of Kerala's tourism industry, then it is in the area of human resources. Tourism's exponential growth has pushed the Kerala Institute Tourism and Travel Studies to identify eight key areas of development and invite candidates for training. KITTS principal B Vijaykumar said food production is an area that lacks experienced hands.\"There is no real estimate of the manpower shortage. It is about time that a need-based study is initiated. Kitts has taken a keen interest in HR development and a batch of 1,800 candidates will be ready by April 2013,\" said Vijaykumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16328642", "title": "Key Thane road project raises questions on cost and quality", "text": "THANE: The project involving eight-laning of the 2-km Glady Alvares Road has raised uncomfortable questions regarding infrastructure projects initiated by the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC).All five bidders who responded to the tender notice in March-April 2011 quoted 35% above the estimate of Rs 29.6 crore drawn up by the TMC. The contract was finally awarded to a joint venture of three contractors at Rs 35 crore, which worked out to 18% above the TMC's estimated cost.Asked about the matter, municipal commissioner R A Rajeev said he \"reluctantly agreed\" to sanction the \"overpriced\" project. Sources said political lobbying and pressure tactics by a section of corporators were being seen as the reasons behind the civic administration's decision.\"There is a limit to which I could withhold the proposal. I struck it down, as the lowest price quoted by the contractors was 30% above our estimates. We managed to slash the rates, but I was unhappy with the revised ones as they were still very high. I even said this in as many words in the file. Thane has a history of approving bids that are 30-40% above the estimated cost,\" Rajeev told TOI.The use of mechanized mastic asphalt technology on the 2-km stretch is another cause for concern here. Experts claimed that there was a design flaw as a coat of mastic asphalt was to be mechanically laid over a hard layer of rolled plan cement concrete (RPCC).Under the plan, a layer of 25-mm-thick mastic asphalt was to be laid over a 200-mm carpet of RPCC, besides using a foundation of bitumen and water-bound acadam. \"What's the need to provide mastic asphalt treatment on an RPCC layer, which gives a very sturdy surface? It's like coating gold jewellery with some cheap metal,\" a PWD engineer argued.Rajeev, however, assured that a professor from IIT-Bombay would look into the technical specifications and check if RPCC was actually required for an internal road.City engineer K D Lala said the technical specifications were approved by an IIT professor as it was more cost-effective than building a cement-concrete road.Howver, another official said: \"The technical specifications should have been endorsed by the Indian Road Congress or sanctioned in keeping with the PWD manual.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kudankulam", "code": "16334669", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant: Police lathicharge protesters", "text": "KUDANKULAM: Police lathicharged and fired teargas shells on villagers protesting against Kundakulam nuclear plant at Vairavikinaru shore to chase them away on Monday morning. The villagers, men and women ran helter-skelter from the shore, some of them into the sea as police personnel began to chase them. Some of the villagers also retaliated by throwing stones at the police.The incident sparked fresh round of tension in the coastal villages in Tirunelveli and Tuticorin districts where fishermen are opposing the multi-crore Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP), an Indo-Russian venture, which is to be commissioned soon.\"The situation is now under control,\" ADGP (Law and Order) S George told reporters in the afternoon. While at least a dozen villagers were injured, police too claimed that some of them were injured as protestors pelted stones at them.The Vairavikinaru village shore, about half a kilometer from the nuclear project site, resembled a war zone as police fired tear gas shells forcing the protestors to run for safety. The whereabouts of People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) S P Udayakumar, who has been spearheading the protests, is not known.The lathicharge started after south zone IG Rajesh Das issued a warning to the villages to leave the spot in ten minutes. When the villagers refused to leave, police lobbed tear gas shells at them and chased them away with lathis.The protestors from Idinthakarai, Vijayapathi, Kutapuzhi and adjoining villages had gathered at Idinthakarai on Sunday morning and took out a march to Kudankulam, opposing enriched uranium fuel loading in the first reactor that is being prepared for commissioning. But police prevented them at Vairavikinaru and asked them to leave the spot. The villagers however decided to continue their protests at Vairavikinaru shore where collector R Selvaraj and SP Vijayendra Bidari held talks that failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329699", "title": "Kochi Metro Rail Limited yet to decide on land needed for Metro", "text": "KOCHI: The delay on the part of the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) and the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in providing the details of the rail alignment to the revenue department is delaying the land acquisition process for the Kochi Metro.Though KMRL had informed the revenue department that additional land will be needed to set up facilities like parking lots at key stations, it is yet to give the exact plan.The KMRL request for extra land came after the revenue department conducted surveys to acquire land for metro rail.\"Officials of the revenue department will conduct a survey to acquire additional land. But we will be able to start the process only after we get the survey reports,\" said Mohandas Pillai, deputy collector, land acquisition. Meanwhile, the Cusat experts have submitted to the KMRL a report on the area required as parking lots based on the possible passenger turnout.\"Initial plans had envisaged parking lots in all stations. But as it will need more land, the plan has been changed. We will start the survey once KMRL gives the exact area of land required,\" he said.Meanwhile, the revenue department had issued 4(1) notification for acquiring land for the preliminary works of the project. Now, the process will have to be done again as per the revised survey reports.As per the estimates of the revenue department, it would cost around Rs 80 crore to acquire land for the project in the city alone.The DMRC had sought 17 hectares of land for setting up a repair yard and staff quarters in Muttam near Aluva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328454", "title": "Toll Hatao to take its appeal to court", "text": "GURGAON: The Toll Hatao Sangarsh Samiti is planning to move Punjab and Haryana high court seeking the removal of toll plazas from the Gurgaon section of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.The Samiti members said the petition would %be filed before September 20, the next hearing date in the high court on the 32-lane toll plaza decongestion issue.Making an announcement to this effect on Sunday, Samiti members stated that they would continue with the protest in the coming months. They demanded that 32-lane toll plaza and Kherki Daula Toll plaza should either be abolished or shifted to Rao Tula Ram Marg in Delhi and Jaipur borders.The private concessionaire has already earned enough through toll collections, Samiti members claim. Moreover, as Attar Singh Sandhu, coordinator of the committee say, despite paying tolls, Gurgaon residents have to wait for hours in the traffic jam.On Sunday, Samiti members conducted a havan near the 32-lane toll plaza to pay homage to the expressway accident victims. Sandhu said that 248 people have died in the last two years in these mishaps.Earlier, a protest rally was planned to be conducted on September 9, but in the wake of the HC barring the concessionaire from collecting toll tax till September 20, the Samiti has postponed it for a later date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330757", "title": "Senior citizens help the less fortunate", "text": "LUDHIANA: As a helping gesture, Senior Citizens Welfare Association Ludhiana (SCWAL) distributed free artificial limbs and other support equipment to physically challenged senior citizens and less fortunate at the second free artificial limbs distribution camp held at Viklang Sahayata Kender in Rishi Nagar on Sunday.Providing details of the camp, Satya Pal Karkara, president of SCWAL, said, \"\"During the camp artificial limbs, calipers, tricycles, wheel chairs, crutches and hearing aids were provided free of cost to 36 physically-challenged senior citizens and underprivileged people of the society. \"\"The association also plans to hold free medical camps, helping inmates of old age homes, sponsoring free eye surgeries, sensitizing youth about their responsibilities towards elders and creating awareness about problems of senior citizens\"\".Karkara appealed to the philanthropists to come forward and help SCWAL in the noble cause through liberal donations.Suraj Jyoti, president of Bharat Vikas Parishad Charitable Trust, which provided the artificial limbs and other equipment, reiterated commitment of parishad to provide aids and appliances to physically-challenged persons to help them become self sufficient. Mani Bhushan Tiwari of Sherpur, a worker, who lost a leg due to electric shock seven years ago, said, \"\"They are doing a commendable job as they are providing free artificial limbs and other equipment to people like us. They have given us a new lease of life\"\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328830", "title": "Case filed against Uva Azadi member", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Satellite police lodged a complaint on Sunday against a leader of the Uva Azadi, an Anna Hazare support group from the city, for obstructing a government official in performing his duties.According to police, a team of inspector B N Chavda was on patrol when late on Friday night they spotted two men standing near a car at Shivrajani Crossroads. Chavda claims he found the duo drunk and was questioning them when Manish Brahmbhatt, who identified himself as a social worker and mediaperson, reached the spot and asked Chavda to let the duo go. When the cop refused to comply, Brahmbhatt allegedly threatened him of dire consequences. Police then took the trio to police station from where Brahmbhatt was later released.On Sunday, Chavda filed a complaint against Brahmbhatt for obstructing him in his work and threatening him. A team was also sent to his residence but he was not found there. In a statement issued by the organization on Sunday, Brahmbhatt has mentioned that they were ill-treated without any offence at the spot and police station and were abused by police. They were not allowed to contact their lawyer or make a call to their family members. \"We have informed senior city police officials about the incident and will seek justice,\" read the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16334864", "title": "Mohali hospital organises workshop for physiotherapists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With most people suffering from lower back pain at some point in their lives, Mohali based hospital organised a continuing medical education for surgeons and physiotherapists of the region. The aim of the workshop was to help Physiotherapists understand a new way of treatment of Lower Back Dysfunction.According to Dr Narkeesh Arumugam, Associate Professor in Department of Physiotherapy, Punjabi University, Patiala, \"Osteopathy is an established, recognised system of diagnosis and treatment which lays its main emphasis on the structural and functional integrity of the body. It is distinctive by the fact that it recognizes that much of the pain and disability which we suffer stems from abnormalities in the function of the body's structure as well as damage caused to it by disease\".Explaining the technique used by Osteopaths, he said \"Osteopaths work with their hands using a wide variety of treatment techniques to suit the individual patient and the problem being treated. These may include techniques to improve mobility and the range of movement of a joint like soft tissue techniques, rhythmic passive joint mobilisation or high velocity thrust techniques.\"While addressing the gathering, Dr VK Khosla, Director Neurosurgery, said, \"In India Osteopath is a new technique. It is an established system of practice in America and Europe, the place of its origin. There is no school in India for this technique.\"Dr Manuj Wadhwa, Orthopedics said, \"Osteopathy is going to help in preventive and rehabilitation strategies as various spinal dysfunctions can be corrected . It will be a huge support to surgeons like us who are working relentlessly to get patients on their feet and give them a new dimension of life which is pain free and disability free\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16330131", "title": "How hundreds in Rajasthan spend lives in chains: The plight of the mentally ill", "text": "JAIPUR: Hundreds of mentally ill patients in rural Rajasthan are living out their lives chained to trees, beds and even electricity poles, many tethered by their own family members. Confined in a hostile environment, surrounded by superstition and sheer lack of medical help, scores of these patients are forced to suffer indignities for years.Manaram and his brother's 16-year-old grandson Chenaram eat, sleep and spend their entire day tethered to a bed outside their house near Khivsar in Nagaur. \"Manaram has been kept in chains for the past 20 years and Chenaram for 10 years. They had started displaying abnormal behavior and used to suddenly turn violent, throwing stones at other villagers. So we decided to chain them to restrict their movement,\" Manaram's brother Khiyaram said. He added that they can't afford the treatment and don't know who to approach.Khivsar, a panchayat samiti some 200km from Jaipur, has 92 small villages and hamlets. Locals say at least 40 people in these villages are being kept tied with chains to trees and beds. In some cases, some victims have allegedly been declared mentally ill as relatives want to grab their property. BJP MLA from Khivsar Hanuman Beniwal says there is at least one such case in Khivsar's Bhed village. \"A man and his granddaughter are kept tied up in such a manner in Jhalon Ki Dhani, two brothers in Bhed village and two others in Akola. There are several such individual cases,\" said Sawai Singh, a local resident.It's ironic that while Rajasthan strives for rural development there are people in the state who don't even have access to basic human rights. In fact, most of them are also not listed as below poverty line (BPL). Family members of some such people told TOI that they don't have enough money to spend on their treatment. As per reports, such cases are in abundance in districts like Jaisalmer, Barmer, Karauli, Dholpur, Nagaur, Alwar, Ajmer and Jodhpur.Member of the Rajasthan Human Rights Commission H R Khuri said that there could not be a worse human rights violation than this.\"However, most complaints regarding such violations don't reach the commission as the patients are chained by their own family members ,\" said Khuri.Rajasthan social justice and welfare department's additional chief secretary Aditi Mehta admitted to TOI that it is a problem. \"That is why the government has recently announced several relief packages for such patients. Money is being provided through NGOs for 250 mental asylums in Jodhpur, 100 in Ajmer and 30 each in 13 districts in the state. About Rs 1,250 per month are being provided by the government on every patient reaching these asylums,\" said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328616", "title": "Boy dies after fight at school", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 14-year-old boy died after having a scuffle with some students in Najafgarh, southwest Delhi, on Friday.Krishan studied in a government school and had a fight with a few school seniors. What led to the fight is unknown; but Krishan had to be hospitalized. He later succumbed to his injuries. The victim's father claimed that he was mortally wounded in the fight.A case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder has been registered. They will question Krishan's classmates and other students, including his brother who studies in the same school in Class XI, to ascertain the sequence of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16329999", "title": "Faulty ballot paper defers MSCB union polls", "text": "NAGPUR: The elections of Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB) employee union had to be postponed due to a blunder in the ballot paper on Sunday. Shrikant Bhuyarkar was contesting for the post of treasurer from the ruling Sahakar panel, whose election symbol was a sword. However, the symbol against his name was a torch, which was election symbol of the rival Parivartan panel.When this fact came to light, candidates and supporters of Parivartan panel created a commotion at the poll venue Shikshak Sahakari Bank. As per rules of the union, election should be held every three years but the last one had been held in 2005 and Sahakar panel had been in power since then. The Parivartan panel members alleged that the goof up was deliberate.Parivartan panel members offered two options to election officer GM Shitut. One was to allow the election to the remaining 40 posts and hold the election for the post of treasurer next Sunday. Second was to award the post to the panel that bagged more seats. But, both proposals were turned down by Shitut. Now, fresh elections would be held on September 16.The top office-bearers of ruling Sahakar panel were the first to vote. They did not notice the goof up. It was discovered by Bhuyarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16330390", "title": "JPL profits not due to cheap coal: Jindal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MP Naveen Jindal, who is chairman and MD of Jindal Steel &amp; Power, on Sunday said JSPL's subsidiary Jindal Power Limited (JPL) was highly profitable not due to allocation of cheap coal but because of many other reasons.Reacting to a TOI report on JPL selling costly power despite getting coal blocks for free, Jindal said: \"The success of Jindal Power is due to efficient planning, implementation and operations, not because of so-called cheap coal.\"No choice but to sell power in open market: JPLIf had we bought coal from Coal India through long-term linkage, it would cost around Rs 700 a tonne, whereas we are producing coal at around Rs 500 a tonne and paying royalty of Rs 147. So, total cost works around to Rs 650... So, the cost difference is not even Rs 100/tonne, which translates into a gain of maybe 5 paise for every unit of power that our plant produces at present,\" JSPL chairman &amp; MD Naveen Jindal told TOI on Sunday.The TOI report said that JPL was the first Indian power company to operate on a \"merchant power\" basis, which allowed it to sell electricity at a market rate that was higher than the rate at which power regulators fixed tariff for companies selling power to states through long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs). The report pointed out that this went against the government justification for giving away coal blocks - that this would guarantee cheap power.Jindal said that JPL didn't want to sell power in the open market but was left with \"no choice\". He said that while JPL had sold power at Rs 6 a unit for a short period, but the average tariff was now Rs 3.40 a unit, and this was coming down (in 2011-12, it had sold at Rs 3.85 per unit). He said JPL was still eager to have stability by reaching long-term PPAs. \"I myself went to several states - in the neighbourhood as well as down south - but we did not get a long-term PPA,\" he said.Jindal said the capital cost of the project was lower, its cost for coal extraction was lower than Coal India's and its transportation cost of coal from the pit head to the plant was lower. \"In fact, JPL is a model project which has inspired many to enter the field of power,\" he said.In the coming months, the cost of mining was expected to increase to over Rs 2,000/tonne as the company would now have to dig deeper, and underground, for coal, he said.Jindal said a lot of the cost advantage for JPL came from the location of the 1,000MW plant - just 7km from the mine - and coal transportation by a conveyor belt. On capital costs, he said JPL had managed to keep them low -- at around Rs 3.8 crore per mega watt. It had completed the project on time and operated the power plant at 97-98% efficiency.Jindal said the company sold 150MW of its output to Chattisgarh at Rs 3 a unit, the price fixed by the regulator, and another 100MW to an industrial estate. \"The rest is being sold in the open market on competitive bid basis like many other power producers. It was Rs 6 a unit only for a short time in 2008 but it depends on demand and supply. There are times when we have shut production at our units because there is no demand. Also, state electricity boards with generation capacity have been selling power in the open market when they have a surplus at similar rates,\" he said.Jindal claimed that the absence of a long-term PPA had, in fact, made it difficult for JPL to get bank funding and it was only after personal guarantees were given and the parent company (JSPL) guaranteed the debt that lenders came on board.\"We have not done anything wrong. We have done everything efficiently and honestly. We are paying taxes, royalties and other cesses and whatever profit is generated is being ploughed back to create more capacity. We are investing around Rs 14,000 crore in setting up a 2,400MW plant at the same location, with two units expected to commence production by March 2013,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16334699", "title": "Jal Satyagraha: Madhya Pradesh government agrees to lower water level in Omkareshwar dam", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major sigh of relief for those participating in the 'Jal Satyagraha' in neck-deep water in Ghogalgaon village in Khandwa district for 17 days, the Madhya Pradesh government on Monday agreed to lower the water level in the Omkareshwar dam.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Monday said that his government has agreed to bring down the water level of dam to 189 metres.\"We have agreed to bring down the water level of dam to 189 metres and to compensate the farmers' land. It will, however, affect irrigation in 20,000 hectares of land and generation of 120 megawatts electricity,\" said Chauhan.\"The Supreme Court had given the go ahead to increase the water level to 196.5 metres, but we have reduced it for the time bring,\" he added.The Madhya Pradesh government has also formed a three-member ministerial panel to look into the matter.Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh earlier today lashed out at the Shivraj Singh Chouhan-led BJP government in the state over not been able to finalize the rehabilitation and provide relief to the villagers.\"I think the state government is responsible to solve this issue. And there are two three things involved. Number one at what level the rehabilitation and resettlement has taken place. Number two if the rehabilitation, resettlement has not taken place at a level where the water is at just now, I think the government should immediately finalize the rehabilitation and provide relief to the land oustees,\" Singh told mediapersons in New Delhi.\"Number three is the issue: what is the full reservoir level, if the full reservoir level has been reached then they should try to reduce the levels by opening the gates and they will be generating power through that,\" he said.\"So, it is a very complex issue, but the foremost is the misery which these villages have been subjected to and this should be settled as soon as possible,\" he added.The Jal Satyagraha, under the aegis of Narmada Bachao Andolan, was launched to demand proper rehabilitation and reduction in the water level of dam at Indira Sagar Project on river Narmada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329269", "title": "Missing girl found dead in Pashan", "text": "PUNE: A 16-year-old schoolgirl, who had gone missing since Saturday night, was found dead under mysterious circumstances near her house at the staff quarters of the Armament Research and Development Establishment (ARDE) at Pashan on Sunday afternoon.The Chatushrungi police said the girl, Pooja Vilas Jadhav, a std X student of an English medium school in Pashan, had gone missing while returning from her tuition classes around 7.30 pm on Saturday. Her body was found by her brother Vicky at 1 pm on Sunday.Assistant commissioner of police (Chatushrungi division) Vishnu Mane told TOI that the post mortem was conducted at the Aundh hospital. \"The doctors have reserved their opinion on the death and preserved the viscera,\" he said.Mane said injury marks were found on Pooja's body, but the injuries were not grievous enough to cause her death. \"We have registered a case of accidental death in this regard. However, we are investigating the case from all the angles,\" he added.Speaking to TOI, Deepak Salvi, Pooja's maternal uncle, said that Pooja used to go for her tuition classes, which were near her school, from 6 pm to 8 pm every day. \"She used to reach home at 8.15 pm. However, on Saturday, when she did not return till 10 pm, her worried parents went to meet her tuition teacher, who said that Pooja had left the class around 7.30 pm,\" he said.\"Her parents began to look for her in the nearby areas and soon filed a missing complaint with the police,\" Salvi said.Salvi, a resident of Loni, said that Pooja's mother informed him about the incident. \"I left for Pune with my brother on a motorcycle. On our way, we looked for Pooja at the Swargate bus stand, at Kothrud and even at Chandni Chowk,\" Salvi said.On Sunday morning, Salvi and Pooja's parents began searching for her again. In the meantime, Salvi sent Vicky on an errand. \"Vicky took a short cut and found Pooja's body lying a few metres away from the house. He rushed back home and informed us,\" he said.Salvi said that Pooja was lying on the grass and there were several injury marks on her body. \"Her mouth had been stuffed with grass as if to gag her,\" he said, adding, \"She was rushed to a nearby hospital, where she was declared dead.\"Pooja's father, Vilas Jadhav, works as a security guard at one of the units of ARDE. \"He had shifted with his family to Pune in June. Before that, he was posted in Jammu and Kashmir and his family used to live in Aurangabad,\" Salvi said.After Jadhav got the staff quarters, he shifted to Pune and got Pooja admitted to a nearby English medium school.\"Her teachers told us that Pooja was a bright student,\" Salvi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330509", "title": "B-schools give non-engineers a leg up", "text": "KOLKATA: The two premier B-schools of the country, IIM Calcutta and XLRI ( Jamshedpur), are taking steps to break a typified mould. For years they had become the bastions of graduate engineers, mostly from IITs, who would join MBA programmes offered by these B-schools. This is true not only of IIMC, but all IIMs in the chain. IIMC and XLRI have taken two separate decisions that will hopefully see non-engineers walking into the exalted campuses from 2013.XLRI that conducts XAT, the admission test to XLRI and at least 65 other B-schools of the country, has just decided to bring in major changes in the exam to help students from the pure and social sciences, commerce and law to enter the campus. To do this, the duration of the exam has been extended from a 2-hour-20-minute affair to three hours. The extra 40 minutes will be used to frame questions that will aid non-engineers prove their mettle.The exam is being divided into two parts. The first part will have multiple-choice questions in three sections that will include data interpretation and quantitative ability, analytical reasoning and decision making, and verbal and logical ability. The time allotted for this would be as before, 2.20 hours. The new 40-minute exam will have essay writing and general awareness. While essay writing existed in the earlier format, the test of general awareness is completely new and has been planned to bring out the best in non-engineers.Explaining the rationale behind the change, Vishwa Ballabh, the admissions chairperson of XLRI, said: \"We want to have students from diverse backgrounds on our campus. XAT should not be the sole domain of engineering students, but those from the social sciences also, for example. That is precisely the reason why we have extended the duration of the test. We want students to take their time and answer as many questions as possible.\"\"We need versatile students who can excel in the management field. We want test takers to have equal knowledge of business, economics, politics and social developments. That is precisely the reason why we are adding the general awareness section,\" Ballabh added. It would be compulsory for every candidate to attempt the second part of the XAT.IIMC on the other hand has decided to incorporate the change in its admission pattern, after candidates have cleared CAT and are waiting to clear the interviews. At this stage a candidate who comes from a non-engineering background will have an edge over engineers since he/she will be given two added marks to the total score. The decision has just been taken by the governing body of IIMC. This comes close on the heels of another major decision IIMC has taken to give extra weightage (three marks) to women candidates. This is to increase the number of women students on campus, which has always been a male bastion.\"We have decided to give extra marks to non-engineering candidates because we seriously think our campus needs students from non-engineering backgrounds. This diversity in student population will add value to classroom exchanges and we will also be able to create managers with diverse skills,\" said Sanjit Singh, admissions chairperson of IIMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328735", "title": "Four arrested for elderly\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of another spurned lover and three of his accomplices, the police have solved the case of murder of a senior citizen in Neb Sarai area of south Delhi. The accused have been identified as Neeraj Nagar (23), Lucky (21), Sanjay (20) and Sandeep (20), who are residents of south Delhi.DCP south Chhaya Sharma had formed several teams to nab the accused and even the special staff of south district was working on the case. The accused were arrested from different areas in south Delhi where they had gone into hiding after committing the crime. Police sources said a minor was also involved and is yet to be traced.According to the police, the main accused Neeraj had a one-sided-love interest with Kamla Devi's daughter, a class XI student, for the past few months. The girl lived with her mother and two sisters.On September 7, Neeraj had spotted the girl with another boy while returning from tuitions. He attacked the boy. Later in the evening, he came to her house with four others and slapped her. When the girl's mother tried to intervene, he stabbed her. Hearing the commotion, their neighbors, Jagat Singh (65) and his wife Prakasho Devi, rushed in. Neeraj stabbed them both, killing Jagat on the spot.The accused left the spot threatening everyone not to call police. However, as soon as they went, neighbors informed the cops. The three victims were rushed to AIIMS Trauma center where Singh was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330587", "title": "City cagers keep the title home", "text": "LUDHIANA: What Ludhiana missed in the last season of Mahindra NBA Challenge was achieved in the recent one, which concluded on Sunday as the finals were played at Guru Nanak Dev (GND) Stadium. Gaining the edge they had missed last year, the senior women team from Government College, Ludhiana, won their final too, apart from U-16 and U-18 boys, who successfully defended the title they had clinched last year as well.The boys from Ludhiana Basketball Academy (LBA) won their U-16 category final against Multipurpose School, Patiala by a huge margin of 87-52 and the U-18 team too registered an easy win in the final against Patiala by 74-59.Ensuring not to lose the finals like last season, the senior women team from Government College, Ludhiana, surged ahead to a comfortable victory against Kapurthala by 73-59. The U-16 boys team included Arjun Prashad, Dildaar Singh, Navdeep Singh, Gurvinder Singh, Akashdeep, Rahul, Bodh Raj and Sameer Sen from LBA.We played the game as per our plan. It was a dream come true to win the final as we had been preparing for this tournament since a long time,a?? said dribbler Dildaar. The U-16 boys did not lose even a single match throughout the NBA Challenge.The U-18 boys team included Harmandeep Singh, Khushdeep Singh, Jaspreet Singh, Abhishek Rathi, Harshdeep Singh and Rajvir Singh.Captain Harmandeep was happy to prove that Ludhiana is the best centre for basketball in the state once again. He said this league is an important opportunity for players in the state to improve their skills and gain the competitive spirit.Coach of both the LBA boysa?? teams S Subramanian seemed delighted with the success of his wards. Captain of the Government College, Ludhiana team Kiranjeet Kaur said their eyes were set on the final since the beginning of the tournament as they had lost the finals last season. \"\"We were playing in the tournament with the only thought of victory in the finals and worked hard towards our goal\"\",said Kiranjeet.Ashwani Kumar trained the Government College, Ludhiana girls.Among the finals played in other categories, Punjab Police beat Border Security Force by 82-66 in the senior men category, Mansa defeated Moga by 26-23 in sub-junior girls category, Amritsar beat APJ Jalandhar by 73-42 in youth girls category and Sangrur defeated Sports School, Gudhe by 40-35 in sub-junior boys category.LBA general secretary Teja Singh Dhaliwal said the tournament helped raise the standards of the game in the city. a??I am proud that the LBA boys maintained their supremacy and hope they carry their form further,a?? he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16330457", "title": "Review meet on Vinayaka Chaturthi", "text": "COIMBATORE: A review meeting of district administration, revenue and police officials was held in the city on Sunday during which the district collector issued a notice to the residents urging them to use Vinayaka idols made of clay only, which when immersed in water will dissolve without resulting in any adverse ecological impact.The meeting also discussed the code of conduct to be followed while taking out Vinayaka Chathurthi processions in the city on September 19. Special focus is to be given to ensure that the religious sentiments of other communities are not hurt in any manner. Police department has urged the various festival committees to ensure idols are erected only on permitted spots. People participating in the procession have been instructed to avoid using provocative speeches and also keep the decibel level down. Separate medical teams and Tamil Nadu fire and rescue services personnel have also been asked to be on alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16329955", "title": "A 'gate'way to controversy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It took nearly three years for the corporation to construct a new entrance to the office complex. Now, the ruling council members are racking their brains over the inauguration of the new gate simply because the gate is less likely to serve its purpose.A footpath and a railing run in front of the new gate. Next to the footpath is the road followed by a median. \"There is no way a vehicle could enter the office premises through this gate. This has turned out to be an absolute waste of money,\" a ruling council member admitted.The opposition members are now scoffing at the gate as the perfect testimony to the corporation's 'efficiency'. \"If this is the kind of foresight they show in the construction of a gate, what can we expect from the ruling council in big projects,\" asked an opposition member.However, deputy mayor Happy Kumar blamed it on NATPAC. \"It was the NATPAC team that conducted the initial survey and fixed the location of the gate. They must have known the modifications that would have happened on the stretch that runs in front of corporation office. The ruling council cannot be held responsible for the situation,\" said Happy Kumar.The gate construction has put the contractor in a fix. The works which dragged on for three years has finally been completed at a cost of Rs 10 lakh. Till date the contractor has not received a single penny in terms of payment. \"Right from the beginning of the project, I have been asking the corporation officials to give part-payment. But they would not listen to my request. During this Onam I was forced to take up the work since they said that they were planning to inaugurate the new entrance as part of Onam celebrations,\" said the contractor.The corporation is now readying for a fight with the road fund board. \"We need to remove the railings if the gate has to serve its purpose. For that we would need the approval of road fund board. Since it would upset the design of the stretch, the board cannot be expected to comply with our demand,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333762", "title": "Parno gains weight for Ekla Akash", "text": "Till date to portray a perfect role, gaining or losing weight or building packs were common among Bollywood celebs but unusual among the Tolly ones. However this one sided trend is now seeping into Tollywood too. For Sandipan Roy directed upcoming Bengali film Ekla Akash , Parno has gained 7 kgs as she has to play a character of a mother of small kid. Other notable cast in the film are director Goutam Ghose as a professor and also an aspiring director. Parambrata Chatterjee Tollywood's one of the successful actors will play the role of Parno's husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330612", "title": "Skill training", "text": "The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FICCI ) and ministry of labour and employment jointly organised the fifth 'Global Skills Summit 2012' from September 6-7 , in the Capital with the theme \u2014 'Learner First.' Emphasising on the need to skill people, Kapil Sibal , minister for human resource development, said, \"By 2030 India would have the largest population out of which 400 million would be between the age of 0-14 and about 100 million would be between the age of 14-18 years. The population of India is growing annually at the rate of 1.2% and the rate at which people are entering the workforce annually is 1.7%. The average age of an Indian by 2020 would be 29 years old. We have to make sure that this can turn into a demographic dividend.\" India lags far behind in imparting skill training as compared to other countries. Only 10% of the total workforce in the country receives some kind of skill training (2% with formal training and 8% with informal training). Eighty percent of the freshers entering the workforce do not have the opportunity for skill training. \"If we can ensure that the children can go and work, we can be the most prosperous country in the world. It is also a big challenge because we have to look at how we can implement the ideas through the communities. There is a mismatch between the literacy levels, the expectations of the industry and the academic orientation . We need to have more community colleges. For this purpose, we will be launching 10 community colleges with the Association of Canadian Community Colleges ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328760", "title": "MNS chief can\u2019t be prosecuted for Azad Maidan speech\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is yet to decide on whether or not MNS chief Raj Thackeray should be hauled up for his \"inflammatory speech\" at Azad Maidan on August 21. The legal opinion sought by the state government suggests that the MNS chief cannot be prosecuted for his statements.\"Experts who examined Thackeray's speech have told home minister R R Patil that the MNS chief cannot be prosecuted,\" said a senior home department official.\"He has not threatened anyone, but has warned that his party will not tolerate attacks on policemen and media houses. Thackeray's entire speech will not stand in the court,\" he added.According to senior officials, Patil has asked the home department to examine the speech and find a way to rein in Thackeray. \"However, the opinion given by experts is not a final recommendation, but the outcome of a preliminary discussion on the entire row,\" the official added.On August 11, some Muslim organizations organized a rally against the ethnic violence in Assam. However, a section of the protesters attacked media vans and policemen. Irked with the August 11 mayhem, Thackeray had a held a protest march against the incident on August 21 and blamed Bangladeshis for the arson. He also warned that his party will not tolerate attacks on policemen and media.Immediately after the incident, home minister R R Patil said action would be taken against the MNS for organizing a march without police permission.State Congress chief Manikaro Thakre and some leadersdemanded stern action against Thackeray for his speeches \"against the north Indian community residing in Maharashtra\".Meanwhile, political observers feel the ruling combine is using the MNS to rein in the Sena.\"The Congress is making use of Raj Thackeray to counter the Sena's influence. However, the MNS has grown so strong that the ruling DF government is finding it difficult to frame Raj Thackeray. They may be hesitant in taking action against Raj as it would make him a hero,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329905", "title": "Thackerays are Biharis, should leave Maharashtra: Lalu Prasad", "text": "PATNA: RJD president Lalu Prasad on Sunday asked Thackerays \u2014 Bal, his son Uddhav and nephew Raj \u2014 to leave Maharashtra as soon as possible as they, being Biharis, themselves are infiltrators.\"Bal Thackeray's entire family is originally from Bihar's Magadh region. They are not Maratha. They are actually Bihari Kayastha, now settled in Mumbai. So they should leave Maharashtra as soon as possible,\" Lalu said.He further said Mumbai is the financial capital of India. \"How can a family decide who will live in Mumbai,\" the RJD chief said, adding that Biharis are contributing to building Maharashtra by their unparalleled intellect and hard work.Arvind Charan Priyadarshi, an expert on the history of Kayastha community, has claimed that ancestors of Thackerays were settled on the banks of modern Punpun river that passes through Patna district. He said Thackeray's ancestor left Bihar after their village was attacked by the then local king Mahapadamnand of Nand dynasty of Magadh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329095", "title": "Chennai cops ask residents to chip in for CCTV cameras", "text": "CHENNAI: In an effort to bring thickly populated areas under electronic surveillance, the city police have started reaching out to people for contributions to purchase and install cameras at road junctions. However, some residents are not happy that they have to pay from their pockets for the scheme.At Virugambakkam, local police expect residents to pay about Rs 12,000 each to install cameras. Most of Anna Nagar is already under CCTV surveillance, thanks to public participation.In a meeting held with representatives of Natesan Nagar Resident Welfare Association, police informed residents about the benefits of installing CCTVs in their locality. \"Instead of looking at the CCTV as an important monitoring tool, people look at it in terms of cost,\" said a senior police officer.Police said that CCTVs will certainly help reduce crime. With the introduction of community police initiatives, the cameras will certainly help provide information to the beat officers in the area.\"The police did not make it mandatory to install the CCTVs but we were told about the advantages of installing CCTVs. But we welcome such initiative as this will certainly reduce incidents like chain-snatching,\" said L R Narayanan, vice-president of Natesan Nagar Residents welfare association.A resident of Virugambakkam expressed concern about the quality of CCTV cameras that will be purchased by the police. He said: \"We prefer CCTVs with technical specifications matching the area to be monitored. If the police are taking money from the public, then they should not go in for cheaper models with lower resolution,\" he said.\"Installing a CCTV is a specialist's job. So we have roped in a person to decide where and how to install a CCTV with joint advice from residents and police. We have also given assurance for maintenance,\" said Virugambakkam inspector K Sachidanandam.\"The most common usage of CCTV cameras is not crime prevention, but crime detection as several cases have been solved. These cameras automatically transfer captured images on a time-lapse or motion detection basis to a PC or laptop,\" said a senior police officer.In South zone, similar suggestions were given to residents of Logaiah Colony, Velayutham Colony, Rajaji Colony, Baaskar Colony and Mathiyazhagan Nagar.In Anna Nagar alone, CCTVs have been installed in 40 places, including Thirumangalam, J J Nagar, Vasantham colony, Thendral Colony and Villivakkam.In Ambattur, 15 welfare associations installed CCTVs in Mangadu, Porur, Poonamallee and Thirumullaivoyal. In areas like Virugambakkam, Valasaravakkam and T Nagar, 18 cameras have been installed so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330572", "title": "Salsaa's Social Twist", "text": "Heart rates went pumping high in Sarabha Nagar as members of a city-based dance academy socialized over salsa moves on Saturday night.Barely able to conceal her excitement, organizer Sangita B Kushwaha pointed at the dancing couples on the floor and said, \"This was the idea behind hosting a 'salsa social'. This is the first time here that all prominent dance schools grooved together on the same floor and showed off their Latino moves.\"The term \"salsa social\" is a major category or classification of dance styles, where sociability and socializing are the primary focus of the dancing. \"The idea is to simply enjoy and de-stress while swaying to the music,\" she said.The main attraction of the event was \"rueda de bachata\" performed by various members of the dance academy. A partner dance, rueda de bachata is performed in a wheel formation and going by the buzz on the floor, it was clearly everyone's favourite.Ashmed Singh Arora, a member of the academy, expressed his delight on being a part of the event and said, \"I had a great time. Such events must be organized more often as they help in learning the popular dance forms.\"Attending his first \"salsa social\", restaurateur Jaspreet Singh was very happy with the experience. \"It was great to see so many dance students attending the social. It was a feast for the eyes to see them perform with vigor and enthusiasm,\" he shared.\"I really enjoyed the performances and I felt as if I was on the set of a national dance show. Earlier, I had no idea about these dance socials but I enjoyed so much that I have expressed my desire of being part and parcel of any such event in the future,\" said Amit Goyal, a resident of Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330806", "title": "U-19 stars set to get a look-in", "text": "KOLKATA: A handful of stars from India's U-19 World Cup winning squad are set to be rewarded with berths in the Rest of India squad for the Irani Trophy when the national selectors meet in Mumbai on Monday. Rest of India will take on Ranji Trophy champions Rajasthan in the five-day showpiece match that headlines the domestic cricket calendar.The BCCI is yet to name an alternate venue for the Irani Trophy after chief curator Venkat Sundaram deemed the pitch and ground conditions at the Sawai Man Singh Stadium - Rajasthan's home ground - unfit to host the match to be played from Sept 21 to 25.In the absence of Team India's limited-overs specialists, who will be playing in the T20 World Cup in Sri Lanka and the India 'A' players who will be touring New Zealand, the selectors plan to have a good look at the youngsters in the heat of first-class cricket.At least four U-19 stars - left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh, pacer Sandeep Sharma, wicketkeeper-batsman Smit Patel and allrounder Baba Aparajith - are likely to figure in the ROI squad. Bengal pacer Ravikant Singh will also figure prominently in the deliberations. Under-19 skipper Unmukt Chand has already been picked for India A's tour of Kiwiland.The ROI squad is likely to be led by Cheteshwar Pujara , fresh from his exploits against the Kiwis in the two-Test series.Tamil Nadu's S Badrinath and Mumbai's Ajinkya Rajane, who were also part of the Test squad along with Ishant Sharma and Umesh Yadav are also expected to make the cut. It would be as good an opportunity as any for Ishant to test his form and fitness after having warmed the bench during the series against New Zealand.Delhi opener Shikhar Dhawan and Tamil Nadu's Murli Vijay too could find themselves in the fray along with the out-of-favour allrounders Ravindra Jadeja and Yusuf Pathan . Unless pacers Varun Aaron and S Sreesanth have miraculously recovered from their long-term injuries, Munaf Patel and Assam's Abu Nachim could find themselves in the mix.The stage is perfect for Sachin Tendulkar to get some useful match practice, but the selectors, in absence of any indication about his availability, are reluctant to name him. As things stand, the Little Master will be sounded out before the selection committee meets, and if he shows eagerness to play, his will certainly be the first name on the team list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16328879", "title": "Abducted youth recovered after 2 hrs in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: A youth was kidnapped at gunpoint while returning to his village under Tijara police station area of Alwar district on Sunday evening.Two hours later, the police managed to recover the youth.The incident took place occurred at 4pm when Raaes alias Pappu (24) was returning to his village Mehrania after dropping his maternal uncle and aunt at a nearby village.His SUV was intercepted by another vehicle and the kidnappers asked him to sit with them in their vehicle. They sped away towards Palpur village, almost 10 km from Tijara, police said.\"Almost 15 minutes after the incident, several villagers gathered outside the police station and alleged that three persons-Arshad, Tundu and Mittal- who belong a gang in Palpur village were behind the kidnap and demanded that the police must raid the village,\" a senior police officer.The kidnappers demanded ransom but talks of a police raid unnerved them. They dropped the youth at an isolated spot between Palpur and Mehrania village.\"We sent a team to the spot which spotted the abducted youth near Tijara. The youth is fine. Our team is conducting raids to nab the kidnappers,\" said Umesh Chandra Dutta, SP, Alwar.Police said the kidnap was the outcome of a rivalry between the victim's father and the kidnappers.added that the kidnap was outcome of the rivalry of victim's father with the kidnappers.He claimed that a person was also been arrested in this connection, however it was stated by the local police station that the arrested person was wanted in a case of attacking police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328934", "title": "No SC/ST professors in JNU, DU despite promotion quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi University , Banaras Hindu University and Allahabad University, all of them directly under the HRD ministry, do not have a single SC/ST professor despite the policy of reservation in promotions.Moreover, DU and JNU don't have a single SC/ST associate professor (reader). BHU has three SC associate professors, not one from the ST category and 112 SC and 30 ST assistant professors (lecturers), the entry level post.In JNU, there are 25 SC and 10 ST assistant professors. However, it does not have a single SC/ST research scientist. Allahabad University has just one SC associate professor, STs again drawing a blank. At the lecturer level, Allahabad University has 15 SC and two STs.An RTI query to University Grants Commission, JNU and BHU by Banaras-based Mahendra Pratap Singh revealed a similar situation in 31 central universities across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16328737", "title": "Drug trials: CDSCO finds 6 cases of irregularities from MP", "text": "INDORE: A team of Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO) has found six cases out of total 9 cases of irregularities in the country from Madhya Pradesh. The regulatory body had conducted inquiries in different parts of the country during 2010, 2011 and 2012 about irregularities in clinical drug trials.The organization has also warned doctors from the state from undertaking unethical drug trials and asked them not to violate the code and repeat irregularities they committed while undertaking drug trails in the state. CDSCO had intervened after receiving complaints of irregularities in conducting drug tests on humans.The six cases of irregularities in clinical drug trials in Madhya Pradesh include the ones carried out at Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) and MGM Medical College (MGMC) and its associated hospitals. This information was provided by Union health minister Gulam Nabi Azad in reply to a question by member of Parliament M Krishnaswamy in Lok Sabha recently.In a case reported by TOI in December 2011, where five doctors of mental hospital attached to MGMC had subjected 233 mentally ill patients to clinical trials, the investigating team of CDSCO observed discrepancies like non-maintenance of original informed consent form/case record form, irregularities with respect to Schedule Y and good clinical practices (GCP) guidelines. Considering the findings of the inspection and clarifications submitted by the firm and the investigators, CDSCO observed that there have been irregularities and the conduct was not in accordance with GCP guidelines for clinical research in the country. The regulatory authority has issued warning letters to pharma companies viz Cadila Healthcare Ltd , Emcure Pharmaceuticals and Intas Pharmaceuticals and doctors Ramgulam Rajdan, V S Pal, Ujwal Sardesai, Abhay Paliwal and Pali Rastogi.In cases of Dr Hemant Jain from Chacha Nehru Hospital, Indore and Dr Anil Bharani and Dr Ashish Patel from M Y Hospital at Indore, CDSCO found irregularities in conduct of clinical trials. As per the inspection, report, out of 26 clinical trials, 23 trials of Dr Jain had irregularities. In all 23 cases, quorum of ethics committee of MGM Medical College and Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital was not as per requirement of Schedule Y of Drugs and Cosmetics Act.Dr Jain and chairman of ethics committee were issued show cause notice on August 7, 2012. However, raising question on action taken by the regulatory authority, health activists have expressed their dissatisfaction. \"Dr Bharani and Dr Patel were barred from clinical trials by CDSCO in 2011. If irregularities have been found by the authority then registrations of doctors should be cancelled. Only warning letter doesn't suffice as the issue of clinical trials is sensitive and directly related to people of country,\" said Dr Anand Rai, a whistleblower and health activist.Apart from Madhya Pradesh, the other three cases found with discrepancies are from Andhra Pradesh , Gujarat and New Delhi. Programme for Appropriate Technology and Health (PATH), an NGO and Axis Clinical Limited had conducted clinical trials of human papiloma virus vaccine and anti-cancer drugs in Andhra Pradesh, respectively. PATH had also conducted similar trial in Vadodara, Gujarat while Meril Life Sciences Ltd had conducted trials at Escorts Hearth institute and Research Centre, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16333703", "title": "Sports not on priority list of Ahmedabad schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: We may blame the national authorities for a dismal performance of our sportspersons at international event, the problem takes roots at the school-level itself.Delving into what children do at schools in Ahmedabad, it has surfaced that they are allotted only two or three periods in a week for sports. Schools focus on sciences and languages, and sports clearly misses its spot among young students.This clearly reflects in their disinterest towards any physical activity and burgeoning bellies. The diminishing interest in sports is directly proportional to increasingly exhaustive courses schools have to follow.\"Sports features prominently in time-table of primary students, which gradually decrease to almost being ignored as they grow older,\" said a sports teacher with a city-based school.Diwan Ballubhai School has three sports periods for Std IX students, which decreases to just two for Std XI and XII. CN Vidyalaya too seems to have buckled sports among its students with only two PT periods in a week. The trend is similar in DPS, Bopal (two sports periods per week) with exception that students who participate in competitions are given one hour of practice daily.Meanwhile, Best High School in Maninagar claims to promote physical activities in its premises. \"We encourage sports in our schools,\" said a faculty with the school. Howewer, Best too was found to have two sports periods in a week!CBSE schools, however, have more periods allotted for sports as physical education is an optional subject for Std XI-XII. Students who haven't opted for the subject get two periods for games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16331340", "title": "Beas eats up parts of Mandi-Manali highway; NHAI sits watching", "text": "MANALI: With Beas river eating away the Mandi-Manali national highway at many places and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) leaving many projects pending for as long as five years, thousands of people driving to the popular tourist town are putting their lives in danger.After every heavy rainfall on the mountains, the flooded Beas flows over the highway at Raison and Thalout as the road is almost at the same level as the river at these places. Numerous protective and retaining walls built alongside the road have been damaged in last 10 years. To add to it, landslides and floods have also damaged the highway at many places. But, NHAI appears to have no plan to protect the highway from the wrath of the river.Over five years ago, the state public works department (PWD) had prepared a proposal to elevate the highway at Raison and part of the highway was even raised by around eight to 10 feet, but work was stopped and could not resume again. Work on many protective walls was started up to five to 10 years ago but is yet to be completed. As a result, the river water is striking directly on the foundation of the roads. Sources said NHAI is working on a blueprint of a four-lane super highway between Mandi and Manali and thus does not want to spend much on repair works. However, skeptics believe the project in still on the drawing board and nothing positive has come out of it.PWD executive engineer (national highway) Sunil Kapoor said \"hopefully\" all the pending works would be completed by next year as their proposals have been submitted to the Union government. \"A Rs 17-crore proposal for elevation of the road has also been submitted. Work on retaining walls is expected to start soon,\" he said.Two devastating floods in 1995 and 1997 had started the series of destruction of the national highway between Manali and Mandi and since then little has improved. The highway is a vital link to Kullu, Lahaul-Spiti and Pangi. Besides its importance for the tourism industry, the national highway is also strategically important for the country as it provides a vital link to Leh for the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328144", "title": "Comic Con Express finds many admirers in the IT city", "text": "BANGALORE: Arun Prasad has been collecting comic books for a long time. His rare collection even includes a copy of 'The Wizard of Oz' in Kannada called 'Mayalokada Mantravadi', published by Amar Chitra Katha. \"Amar Chitra Katha editors came to me and admitted that they didn't have so many editions that I've got.\"Sadly, these comics were not for sale. But it shows that Bangalore has got some serious geek credentials, with thousands showing up for the Comic Con Express, which concluded at the Koramangala Indoor Stadium on Sunday. The scene was merry with brisk sales of merchandise and T-shirts of their favourite comic and geek characters.\"I was at my stall all day and haven't been able to see the others. We would've bought two or more stalls if we knew the crowd was this responsive,\" says Akshay Bhutani, founder, Bombaymerch.com, which sells comic and geek merchandise. Their store had a tough time as customers kept buying all of their wares.But it wasn't only about buying T-shirts. Comic Con Banaglore saw a number of new comic book companies taking off with their first editions.\"It's a good platform for a niche market such as comics. The response has been good. And yeah we are pleasantly surprised that there are a lot more publishers this time,\" says Shreyas Srinivas, CEO, Level 10 Comics, who also launched a book, 'Batu Gaiden', on Sunday.Chariot Comics, Rudra Matsa Entertainment, Campfire Comics and Holy Cow! Entertainment have started adding more to the Indian comic book industry along with the stalwart Amar Chitra Katha.The event also had a costume play competition and the most popular theme seemed to Heath Ledger Joker. Cosplayers also dressed as Captain Haddock, Thompson and Thomson, Ash Ketchum and Darth Maul.But webcomic artists seemed to be missing from the action at the convention. But there aren't too many Indian webcomic artists too. Perhaps something to build on next time?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16329217", "title": "Sarvan-Karapur gram sabha deferred", "text": "KERI: The gram sabha of Sarvan-Karapur, in Bicholim taluka, convened on Sunday to discuss the controversy over an illegal construction, was postponed by the sarpanch amidst chaos as it was alleged that a large number of unknown faces were present in the meeting hall.Sarpanch Aryan Shyam Gaonkar, speaking to TOI, said, \"The meeting hall was full with unknown faces. Villagers said that the meeting should be conducted in the presence of villagers showing identity proof. We will organise the gram sabha after Ganesh Chaturthi. The decision to postpone the gram sabha was taken to maintain law and order and to protect the age-old communal harmony of the area.\"Bicholim DySP Gajanan Prabhudesai visited Karapur and urged villagers to maintain peace. He assured that government would take necessary steps to curb illegalities.Rasul Madar, former panch and husband of newly elected panch Shami Madar, said, \"Postponement of the gram sabha, done following objections raised by only two citizens, is improper. We have evidence and are ready to discuss the issue of the structure.\"Shafiq Pirzade said, \"The sarpanch has misused his power. We will write a memorandum to the BDO and will ask for an explanation. We came to attend the gram sabha by leaving our work.\"A notice of the gram sabha, issued on September 4, stated that the meeting was convened to discuss the issue of illegal construction.The sarpanch further said, \"A joint inspection was conducted in my presence by the secretary and talathi as per the complaint on September 3. Later, the panchayat submitted letters to the deputy collector, deputy speaker of the legislative assembly and others to take action for stopping the illegal construction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16329815", "title": "Saving natural resources need of the hour: Bhutan PM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhutan Prime Minister Lyonchhen Jigmi Y Thinley stressed on the need to preserve the fast-depleting natural resources for future generations while speaking at the eighth convocation of KIIT University here on Sunday. \"Continuous and limitless growth has depleted natural resources, which is limited. We have to understand that natural resources do not belong to us but also of our future generations as well. Obsession with growth has brought our environment and civilization to the brink and human beings have become absolute economic animals,\" he said.Thinley, who also received an honorary doctorate degree (Honouris Causa) from the university, said pursuing material prosperity at the cost of family, friends and environment has resulted in multiplicity of calamities. Climate change, natural disasters, new diseases, crop loss, food shortage, crumbling communities, increasing mental illness and suicides, economic and financial crisis, rising unemployment, depleting resources are all results of this disturbing trend.\"The world is in desperate need for change. We need to reclaim and revitalize the society from market forces. Society has become a market place and our value to society is only as consumers,\" he said, urging students to become caring citizens, so that they could make India a country that can lead the world to a great future.Promoting Gross National Happiness (GNH) as a development paradigm, Thinley said, it envisages in fulfilling the single most desire of every human being. \"One needs to balance the need of body with that of mind. Happiness is a state of being and cannot be experienced unless people around you are in harmony.\"Apart from Thinley, The education minister of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan Ghulam Farooq Wardak, president of Hanseo University Dr Kee Sun Ham, noted economist and former vice chancellor of Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology Prof Baidyanath Mishra also received the Honouris Causa.As many as 2,216 students were awarded graduate and postgraduate degrees at the convocation. Eighteen research scholars were awarded Ph.D degree.Vice Chancellor of the university Prof P P Mathur said the university had taken initiative to give impetus to research on the campus. \"More than 14 research projects from various national and international funding agencies have been sanctioned with a total budget outlay of over Rs 4 crore in the university. The university has achieved 100 per cent placement for the 2012 passed-out students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328729", "title": "8 pm deadline makes DU poll campaign hectic", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's no rest for contestants of the Delhi University Students' Union elections and Sunday was extra. The 8 pm curfew on campaigning imposed by the Election Commission has made it difficult for student bodies to campaign at hostels where most students are available at night. Till last year, they were allowed till 10 pm.\" Usually we cover the undergraduate and postgraduate hostels in Delhi University. But this time, after 8 pm, we are going to private hostels in surrounding areas. They have placed cameras at hostel gates,\" says Rohit Chahal of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP). \"I don't know how much we will be able to cover in one day,\" he adds.The timing was changed this year for security reasons as officials felt that it would reduce the number of fights. \"But for those attending evening colleges, classes continue till 8pm,\" says Amrishranjan Pandey, spokesperson, National Students' Union of India.The number of students they can campaign to also shrinks on weekends. North Campus has four undergraduate boys hostels \u2014 at Hindu, Ramjas, Hansraj and Kirori Mal College \u2014 apart from the post-graduate ones. \"Also, those whose families live close-by go home on weekends. We covered all the boys hostels but found few students,\" says Chahal. Individual NSUI candidates and their entourages are going to hostels in Vijay Nagar and Mukherjee Nagar. \"Many students stay off the campus in both north and south. We are trying to cover as much as we can,\" says Pandey.According to all India students' association's state secretary, Sunny Kumar, though the students are \"less than expected\" at hostels but this gives them more time to talk to them. \"We focus on the four boys' hostels. We will go to the PGs too but there are usually very few voters there. ,\" says Kumar. He also claims that the sloganeering and partying are all on. \"The students were fewer in comparison but we were able to talk to them and show them we are serious about the elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16329863", "title": "Indian Medical Association plan for residents\u2019 association", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Indian Medical Association (IMA), Kozhikode branch has selected Vazhipokku Residents' Association in the Nellikkode ward for its 'model' residents' association initiative. The association meeting organized at the IMA hall here on Sunday decided to launch the programme by September end.IMA, through the initiative, aims at transforming a residents' association to attain self-sufficiency in every sphere. The meeting entrusted the selected resource persons to carry out awareness classes on various subjects to around 200 families falling under the association. Experts in the field briefed the subjects and steps that need to be taken to make it a model residents' association. The IMA has already constituted separate panel of experts in 16 identified sectors to help the residents' association to attain self-sufficiency. Professor A Achuthan spoke about environment protection and conservation aspects. Madhavan Komath, scientist, Centre for Water Resources Development and Management elaborated the quality of drinking water checking measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329151", "title": "PMPML to get amenity space for parking buses", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has planned to allot amenity spaces for building infrastructure for public transport. Spaces will be given in three areas for Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) offices and five areas for parking Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) buses.A meeting of PMC officials on Friday, discussed various aspects of the amenity spaces and their utilization were discussed. The officials also took a review of utilization of amenity spaces that have already been given to various departments.\"We had demanded that spaces be provided for improving the infrastructure of the PMPML. Parking of the buses is an issue. The space made available in different areas in the city will be helpful for better management of buses and routes,\" said PMPML director Prashant Jagtap.The PMC officials said that the spaces in areas such as Baner, Hadapsar are being considered for this.The PMC has over 150 amenity spaces from the 23 merged villages. Those spaces will be given to provide basic amenities for citizens. One of the challenges that the civic body faces is of removing encroachments on amenity spaces in the merged villages.As per the Development Control (DC) rules, if 0.4 hectare area is developed, 15% of the total land should be reserved as amenity space.As per the 1987 sanctioned DP, there were 519 reservations covering an area of around 827 hectares.The civic body earmarks available land in the city for public amenities like gardens, hospitals, schools, roads and footpaths, based on the population of an area.The civic body earmarks available land in the city for public amenities like gardens, hospitals, schools, roads and footpaths based on the population of an area. Of the total reserved area in Pune, amenities on around 272 hectares have been developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16329912", "title": "Kurien was the maker of modern Gujarat: Ela Bhatt", "text": "Amul in colloquial Gujarati means \"priceless\". And that is what Verghese Kurien was and will remain for the people of Gujarat and India. He was the maker of modern Gujarat. He brought out the cooperative energies of Gujarat for common good. Generations of Gujaratis have grown up on the strength of milk security he produced in the state.Logically, I have believed in unions and cooperatives. I believe that cooperatives are the only means to pull the poor out of financial crises. Naturally then, I had immense respect for Kurien who revolutionized the dairy cooperative in a way that it became a regular industry. Indeed, at a time when state transport buses were rarely seen in Gujarat's villages, Amul milk tankers were a common sight.In Ahmedabad, there were many milk cooperatives, but they were in a financial mess. These were mostly run by men and were mismanaged. We at Self Employed Women's Association (SEWA) wanted to rescue these cooperatives and consulted Kurien. However, we put forth a condition that these milk cooperatives should be managed only by women.Our argument was that women look after cattle, give them fodder, and milk them. And so we felt women should be made shareholders. Though Kurien did not follow the women-only model, he supported us. That is why 50 primary milk cooperatives run by SEWA women are a part of Amul.Kurien's contribution to the life of a rural family goes beyond just forming milk cooperatives. National Dairy Development Board, Kurien's brainchild, stressed on research and training. This brought the most advanced milk-processing technology to rural Gujarat. Farmers were trained to give the right feed to cattle, and were also given access to veterinary expertise which helped marginal farmers produce more and earn more. No wonder then that the Gujarat movement was replicated by other states.He was a farmer's best friend. And as he has bid farewell, I sincerely hope that his legacy is taken forward for further benefit of farmers.(As told to Radha Sharma)The writer is founder of Self Employed Women's Association", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16330384", "title": "Intelligent transport system for Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Waiting for buses for hours on end will soon be a thing of the past in Mysore city.Public transport in Mysore is taking a giant leap with KSRTC going hi-tech by introducing Intelligent Transport System (ITS), a passenger-friendly initiative, a first in India. It will facilitate the passengers to get info like arrival of buses to stops, and details of movement of buses from select bus stops by sending SMSes. The state-of-the-art system will be dedicated to bus passengers here on September 17.The initiative is expected to address problems being faced by bus commuters like delay in arrival of buses to stops and lack of information about the subsequent stops.According to the authorities, their counterparts in other cities, including Bangalore, did try-outs on this score but none could succeed. The system will facilitate commuters with precise information of arrival and departure of buses at select bus stops on LCD screens put up across the city. This apart, the passengers can avail service details on select routes and stops on their cellphones by sending SMSes.KSRTC (urban) divisional controller M N Srinivas told TOI that they will be the first ones in India to implement the project, which will be dedicated to people of Mysore on September 17. Deputy chief minister R Ashoka, who also holds the transport portfolio, will formally launch the project at Senate Hall here. World Bank officials and representatives of government and those from other states will participate in the programme.How it worksTo start with, the authorities have selected 105 of the 150-plus bus stops across Mysore for the project, which will be extended to all the stops in near future.The system will cut the waiting time of passengers at bus stops. At present, passengers, being clueless about the arrival of buses, take private transport which is quite expensive. \"It will also help officers track the movement of buses like driving speed and delay in departure of buses from bus stand in real time,\" Srinivas explained. The Rs 23-crore project cost is supported World Bank, the state and central governments, the controller stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16334432", "title": "Hinduja Global BPO to hire 4,000 in 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hinduja Global Solutions , the BPO arm of the diversified Hinduja Group, plans to hire about 3,000-4,000 people in the current fiscal.The company, which sees the global economic slowdown opening up more opportunities for the sector, also plans to open new centres in Canada and London.\"Hiring has been good. We added about 4,000 people last year. I would say the trend may be the same this year too... about 3,000-4,000,\" company's Chief Executive Officer Paratha De Sarkar told PTI.He added that the slowdown has not impacted the BPO sector and Hinduja Global Services (HGS) has seen a good growth in clients. \"About 10-12 clients were added in the last six months.\"\"The clients are trying to move costs out from their books and definitely want to take long-term liabilities out... So, the opportunities actually improve when you have clients under cost pressures,\" Sarkar said.The company, which recently has set up a centre in Jamaica , will also be opening new centres in Canada and a centre two hours from London.HGS also inaugurated a center in Bangalore and has taken up another SEZ in Bangalore, he said.\"Jamaica center initially will have a capacity of 100-150 people...eventually it will have a capacity of 500 people. Centres at London and Canada will capacity of about 300 each while the Bangalore centre's is 700, he added.\"The SEZ, which will probably open up by the end of the year, will provide employment to about 500 persons,\" Sarkar said.HGS is also on a \"constant lookout\" for acquisitions. \"We look at our product portfolio and services portfolio and some of our acquisitions would be towards filling up holes is our portfolio,\" he said.\"There isn't any size when we are looking at a new market or an acquisition ... this (for filling service gaps) could be anywhere between $10-25 million,\" he added.Stating that India still retains its cost effective advantage, Sarkar said the industry is not seeing stagnation in growth. \"What we are seeing is a fair amount of consolidation happening and that is bound to happen as there are too many players in the market place. So, what we'll be left with is a few big players.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329753", "title": "Four arrested for robbing men", "text": "SURAT: Four persons, who used to rob men near Surat railway station after luring them into having a homosexual relationship with them, have been arrested by crime branch on Saturday. The gang members used to take the victims to a public toilet or a garden and then rob them.Devraj alias Devo Jadhav Makvana, a resident of Varachha, Bharat Nanji Babar, a resident of Kapodra, Pintu Dhiru Savaliya, a resident of Pungam, and Amar alias Rahul alias Kaliya Ankur Vankhede, a resident of Kapodra, were nabbed while moving around the railway station area in an auto-rickshaw.Police have recovered gold jewellery worth Rs 10,750 from the accused.The accused informed police that they had robbed the gold jewellery from a person after luring him into having a homosexual relationship with them.Pintu Savaliya was arrested in the past on a similar charge while Devraj Makwana is an accused in a case of kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16328163", "title": "Dealing with hyphenated identities", "text": "BANGALORE: It is estimated that around 25 million people of Indian ethnicity live outside India. Given recent financial upheavals in the West, it is not surprising that many erstwhile NRIs started heading back to the country of their origin attracted by its post-globalisation growth story.The 'Return to India' experience, shortened for convenience to R2I(Return to India) on Internet forums, message boards and blogs, is feverishly discussed, dissected and analysed on these platforms as more and more Indians living in the West contemplate the move back. Interestingly, many who were born and raised abroad have also been moving to India of late to be a part of the Indian dream.\"While this reverse migration started a while ago - say six to seven years - it was initially restricted to those who had not lived in the West for too long. What's interesting now is more and more young people are moving back, and among them are second generation Indian-Americans and British citizens of Indian origin raised in the UK. They are coming to India to make their fortunes,\" says columnist and writer Shoba Narayan, whose book 'Return to India' deals with the dilemmas and challenges of coping with what she calls \"hyphenated identities\". \"My grand ambition with this book is to open the floodgates of reverse migration,\" says Narayan.In 2005, Abhijit 'Bobby' Bose moved to Bangalore after spending his entire life in the US. As a second generation Indian-American, Bose was an outlier among other desis who were returning to India around the same time. For Bose, India represented the opportunity to create the kind of companies that were emerging out of Silicon Valley at its prime. While Bose, who has an engineering degree from Cornell University and an MBA from Harvard Business School , moved to India as the Asia-Pacific head of an established company, the entrepreneurial itch soon caught up with him and he joined forces with ngpay, India's biggest 'mobile mall'. Currently, he is the CEO of the start-up Ezetap, a mobile payments solution company that has just launched its flagship product. \"Around 2004-5, the India story was becoming evident. It was like the 1980s in Silicon Valley, when iconic companies were created in the Bay Area. There is a similar excitement about India now, and it was difficult to stay away,\" he says.More young people are moving back, and among them are second generation Indian-Americans and British citizens of Indian origin raised in the UK. They are coming to India to make their fortunes.Shoba Narayan, columnist and writer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16331382", "title": "DU, JNU go to polls together", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is all set for its student union polls on September 14, so is Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). While for the DU students union (DUSU), 38 candidates will be contesting, for JNU students union (JNUSU), 28 candidates are in the fray. However, JNUSU polls, which were stayed by the Supreme Court in 2008, for not being in line with the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations, were revived in December 2011.The committee had since then relaxed a few of its guidelines for JNU, which includes the age limit , requisite attendance, right to re-contest and use of photocopied pamphlets. A number of studentwings including All India students Association (AISA), Students Federation of India (SFI), SFI-JNU , National Students Union of India (NSUI) and Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) are participating in the polls.\"In all, 28 candidates are contesting for the four posts \u2014 president , vice-president , general secretary and joint secretary. There are 11 nominations for the post of president,\" says Agnitra Ghosh, student of centre for study of regional development and vicepresident , AISA.However, for DUSU polls, 13 candidates will be fighting for the post of president, with seven candidates in the fray for vice-president and nine each for the posts of secretary and joint secretary.Among the prominent organsiations participating in the polls, for the first time the studentwing of Samajwadi Party (SP) will be seen along with ABVP and NSUI. \"We hope to bag all the four posts this time. Our agenda is to introduce reforms for students in the university,\" says Rohit Chahal, state secretary, ABVP.In the last year's DUSU polls, while the NSUI won the president's seat, ABVP had bagged the remaining three posts.The elections will be conducted under tight security and CCTV surveillance. As per the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations, there is a ban on using printed posters and a limit in using handmade posters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16330699", "title": "Undertrial dies in jail hospital", "text": "LUDHIANA: An undertrial lodged at central jail died at civil hospital on Sunday. He had been under treatment at jail hospital for 25 days and was critical. The deceased was identified as 30-year-old Jatinder Singh of Goh village under Sadar Khanna police station. Superintendent of central jail Ludhiana R K Loomba said Jatinder was an addict and Khanna police had recovered heroin from his possession two months ago. He added that the deceased had been behaving oddly as his craving for drugs was not being met in the jail and had fallen sick. The body was handed over to the family after an autopsy in civil hospital.Prof awarded on Teachersa?? Day: An associate professor of obstetrics and gynaecology at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, Ludhiana, Dr Sunil Kumar Juneja received the 28th Dr S Radhakrishnan Memorial National Teachera's Award 2012 on Teachers\"\" Day in New Delhi for his commendable work in the field of medical teaching and health services. The award ceremony was organized by the All India Freelance Journalists and Writers\"\" Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330260", "title": "Govt schools go the smart way", "text": "MANGALORE: Government schools too are gearing up to face the competition from private schools that are wooing the elite class with smart classes.If private schools are equipped with smart classes, the government has decided to convert classrooms gradually through the Computer Aided Learning Centre (CALC) programme of the state government. Computers programmed with learning material will be an alternative to smart classes. Teachers in government schools are able to teach children subjects using computer and projectors in classrooms.The education department has already provided computers to 120 out 651 government higher primary schools in Dakshina Kannada district. Currently, the department provides five computers and other accessories each to schools under the programme. The government has sanctioned computers to 19 more schools recently taking the number of CALC attached schools to 139.The department selects schools based on the facilities available in the building. Schools should have concrete buildings and electricity connections to get computers. The department will also sanction Rs 50,000 to arrange furniture, wiring and other safety measures.\"Schools should purchase tables, 15 chairs, two fans and ensure proper safety mea sures to protect computers. Additional arrangements, including flooring and painting, should be undertaken by the school development and monitoring committees (SDMC),\" Sarva Shiksha Abhiyana assistant project coordinator K Peethambara told TOI.He added that all schools in the district will be provided with CALCs gradually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "16330571", "title": "17-year-old gangraped in Kharagpur", "text": "KHARAGPUR: A 17-year-old schoolgirl was allegedly gangraped and then left unconscious with injuries on one of her arms and spinal chord in Kharagpur's New Settlement railway colony on Saturday night. Police have arrested two persons in this connection.Meanwhile, local Trinamool Congress leader Debasish Chowdhury demanded action against erstwhile rail mafia Basab Rambabu claiming the latter's involvement, a fact which Rambabu later denied.On Saturday night, the victim, daughter of a railway electrical department employee, had gone to her friend's home. Sources said, since the girl couldn't attend her friend's birthday party on Friday night, she had gone to her home to wish her a day later. The friend's home is barely three kilometres from the victim's residence at New Settlement.The father of the girl said: \"She had left home at 6pm. When she didn't return till 8pm, I called up her friend and she told me that my daughter had left sometime back.\"Worried over this, he spoke to a couple of his girl's other classmates and came to know that on way back, his daughter and her another friend were surrounded by a group of bike-borne miscreants near the Kanak Durga Mandir. The group of eight demanded Rs 5,000 from them and her friend, on the pretext of collecting the money, alerted other friends. However, when he returned to the spot, he didn't find the victim. Her parents reached the spot and could trace the victim after a search of half-an-hour.\"She was lying unconscious and bleeding. Her left arm and the spinal chord were fractured, with the clothes torn apart,\" said the father. She was admitted to the railway hospital and the Kharagpur Town Police was informed.DIG (Midnapore Range) L M Meena said: \"Two persons have been arrested and the lookout is on for the rest.\" Though Meena didn't divulge the names of the arrested, it has been learnt that the duo was Kaushik Das and Pratik.Ram Babu said that Pratik is the brother of a local youth Huna, who is close to Chowdhury. Chowdhury said: \"They are not associated with Trinamool Congress in any way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330876", "title": "City lights", "text": "Teachers' DueFor years together , teachers of civicaided primary schools received their salaries only after the 10th of every month and sometimes as late as the month-end , a BMC teacher told this correspondent last week, in the midst of Teacher's Day celebrations. And since the past one year , salaries were being received once every two months . For many teachers who are single parents , widowed or sole breadwinners , the long , erratic years seemed like a never-ending nightmare . Two months ago , though , the unexpected happened . \"For the first time in my 25-year-long career , I received my salary on the first of the month and I cannot describe what a happy moment it was ,\" the teacher said , still not quite believing it.It is not that the BMC clerks in charge of disbursing salaries had a sudden change of heart , though . Towards June-end , the matter was brought to the notice of additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani , who was so moved by the plight of teachers that he immediately ensured the salaries were released that very afternoon . Adtani has promised that the system will be institutionalized so that even when he is transferred out, teachers continue to receive their salaries on the first .Donor DebateOrgan donation has been an unlikely topic of discussion in the city in recent weeks. The interest generated among ministers and lawmakers as well as the masses has been unprecedented . The government wants to plug a gap that it strangely seems to have learned about only after the recent demise of a former chief minister . One would think so far so good , but can organ donation and transplants be a black-and-white topic ? Take , for instance , putting up a 'yes ' or a 'no ' to organ donation on student IDs and driving licences . One doctor was very enthusiastic about the power of these 'yes ' and 'no ' boxes ; he felt that even if families don't want to donate organs of their loved one who becomes brain dead due to an unfortunate incident , the mere presence of these boxes on cards will increase awareness about the issue among the youth . But there is another doctor , a parent , who wasn't too impressed with this choice, arguing that such macabre thoughts are best left to youth in the 21-plus age group . \"There is no point burdening 18-year-olds with life-and-death questions .\" After fixing age criteria for voting and drinking , Mumbaikars seem to be staring at another ageist issue.Bankers &amp; TrustRegulators and bureaucrats usually give a nuanced response whenever faced with irate customers on the lines of 'we will look into it' . K C Chakrabarty , deputy governor , Reserve Bank of India , though , is a contrarian and does not mince his words while tearing into middle-class attitudes . Speaking at an event to commemorate the memory of M R Pai who founded the All India Bank Depositors ' Association at the Indian Merchants Chamber , Mr Chakrabarty said bank customers should be self-driven as far as financial literacy is concerned . \"Banks thrive on asymmetry of information ,\" he said , pointing out how even in simple products like fixed deposits , banks mislead by advertising high rates on special schemes like 555-day deposits and provide lower returns on longer-term deposits . He blamed middle-class inertia for banks getting away with poor service and questioned their tolerance despite being spoilt for choice. Incidentally , Chakrabarty's words would have rung a bell for those who knew Pai . He was a great believer in the maxim that a well-worded complaint could make a huge difference .High NoteSometimes , a concert has a peculiar magic to it that no one can predict . Last week, Dhondutai Kulkarni , veteran of the Jaipur gharana , sang in memory of Baba , the grandson of the gharana's founder who died in Kolhapur last year . Although not a performer himself , being a repository of ragas , Baba (Azizuddin Khan ) had been the understated teacher of several current greats , including Dhondutai , Kishori Amonkar , Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande and Shruti Sadolikar . No wonder , many musicians were present to show their respect that evening . Undaunted by her age , 86-yearold Dhondutai sang some of the complex rare ragas that distinguish this gharana \u2014 Phulashri , which is derived from the sombre Raga Shri , and Bihagda , which was one of Kesarbai's favourites . Most lovely it was to see how the legacy of this oral tradition stays alive \u2014 with Baba there in spirit , smiling through the garlands on his portrait , and Dhondutai , and finally her two young students , Rutuja Lad and Aditya Khandwe , who sang before her , and proved that Indian classical music is not at all a dying tradition .(Contributed by Clara Lewis, Malathy Iyer, Mayur Shetty and Namita Devidayal. Compiled by Rucha Biju Chitrodia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16335593", "title": "Jal Satyagraha: Madhya Pradesh agrees to dam oustees' demands", "text": "BHOPAL: Agreeing to the main demands of protesters who have undertaken a 'Jal Satyagraha' in Khandwa district, Madhya Pradesh government on Monday said they would be given land as compensation and the height of Omkareshwar Dam would be reduced.The government has decided to give land for land to the displaced villagers and reduce the dam height to 189 metres, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said.Both were key demands of protesters, who are standing in neck-deep water since August 25 to agitate for proper rehabilitation and compensation.Also, a five-member committee has been set up to look into the problems of the dam oustees, he said after meeting their representatives led by BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Tomar.In 2008 monetary compensation had been deposited directly in the account of the oustees and the benefit of land would be available only to those who returned the amount within 90 days, he said.These oustees would be provided government land with the help of banks, he said.The chief minister added that his government understood the \"pain\" of the protesters and hence it has been decided to limit the dam height to 189 meters.This would mean that the dam's irrigation potential would be reduced by 20,000 hectares and 120 MW of power would have to be forgone, he said.The government was committed to safeguard the interests of those displaced. The dam on river Narmada was being constructed in the interest of the state and the government wants to make agriculture a profitable business, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328711", "title": "Woman arrested for shoplifting", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Subhash Nagar resident Satya Gandhi (50) first started lifting handbags from shops in crowded markets, she did so to improve her financial condition. Her husband had suffered losses in business and the onus was on her to run the family, she reasons. But gradually, shoplifting became her habit. Her family tried to talk her out of it, but she told them that it's a temptation she cannot resist.Satya even bought herself an almirah to store the stolen items. But her luck ran out when a man, whose wife's handbag she had picked up from a shop in Rani Bagh, identified her from CCTV footage. On September 5, Satya had lifted a purse containing about Rs 8,000, an ATM card and medical documents. It belonged to one Deepika.\"Deepika did not file a police complaint as she had to leave for Bihar immediately. However, her husband Vivekanand Kumar visited the same market on September 7 and saw Satya there. He stopped her and informed us,\" said P Karunakaran , DCP (northwest).Cops have seized eight cellphones, one laptop, a few ATM cards, 37 handbags and purses, four gold chains, 10 Singapore dollars, Rs 6,000 cash, and a pair of earrings.Police said Satya used to target crowded markets in northwest, west and outer Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16335281", "title": "Narendra Modi inaugurates district help centre at Vyara", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi inaugurated a Rs 90 crore district seva-sadan for the tribal dominated Vyara of Tapi district. The new seva-sadan is Gujarat's first eco-friendly district help centre which includes offices of the revenue, panchayat and police bhavan at one place.During the occasion Modi handed over land entitlement letters worth Rs 27 crore to about 5,100 tribals. He also distributed smart health card to the beneficiaries of Mukhyamantri Amrutam scheme.Modi claimed that the state government has approved four irrigation schemes of Rs 400 crore. These schemes include link canal of Ukai right bank, Rs 330 crore irrigation scheme spreading over 25,000 acres covering 62 villages by constructing Ukai Gordha link, Rs 10 crore for removing silt from 100 year old Doshavada lake, 11 lift irrigation schemes for Nizar-Uchchal-Songadh covering 10,000 acres.He also announced the state government's plan's for setting up of an engineering college for Tapi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333572", "title": "Newbie Bidita Bag mistaken for Naxalite", "text": "Newbie Bidita Bag mistaken for a Naxalite; escapes riot! Bidita Bag, who made her debut in From Sydney With Love, is all shaken by memories of a recent village attack, where she witnessed the fury of a mob who mistook her for being a Maoist or a Naxalite.The actress was shooting for a Bengali film called Chokher Pani - Tears of Nandigram! in West Bengal when a group of very unruly people thought that the unit comprised of armed Naxalites . A troubled Bidita recalls, \"The villagers started shouting - Yeh log film shooting ke naam par logon ko hathiyaar chalane ki training de rahein hain (These people are providing combat arms training in the garb of a film shoot).Before we could explain anything, a wild rumour spread and suddenly a mob emerged and started attacking the unit members.\" She adds, \"The unit and I witnessed agitated people chase others with swords and even burn nearby houses in a mindless riot. We hid inside a rice field to save ourselves!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329765", "title": "Ukai to continue receiving 300MCM water", "text": "SURAT: Several parts of south Gujarat were lashed by rains on Sunday. This saw water from upper catchment areas of Tapi river flow into Ukai dam. The dam authorities recorded an inflow of 1.55 lakh cusecs of water on Sunday at 4 pm. The water outflow from the dam was 1.50 lakh cusecs. This discharge will continue till Monday evening.Central Water Commission (CWC) executive engineer SK Mishra told TOI, \"We expect nearly 340 million cubic metre of water to flow into Ukai dam by 12.00 noon of Monday.\" Ukai dam in-charge PS Dave said, \"We are in the process of emptying and refilling the dam. We will stick to the rule level and fill the dam up to 340 feet by next weekend.\"Meanwhile, Surat city remained under a cloud cover for most part of the day. However, it did not record any rains till 4 pm. Bharuch and Ankleshwar recorded 36mm and 35mm of rainfall, respectively. Valsad recorded 20mm, Pardi 27mm and Jagadia 29mm of rainfall. Gandevi recorded 27mm and Chikhli 23mm of rainfall on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16333722", "title": "Excise dept inert as bogus liquor with fake labels claims lives in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: While doctors of Institute of Mental Health Hospital at Erragadda are still probing hundreds of cases registered recently with complains of mental illness suspected to have caused due to consumption spurious liquor, prohibition &amp; excise department is sitting on a complaint relating to cheap liquor manufacturers adulterating the spirit with toxic ingredients.Following, some hundred patients getting treated at Erragadda hospital for behavior problems including irritation and aggression caused due to consumption of adulterated liquor- including cheap liquor and toddy-, last month, a Bangalore-based Association of Distilleries Brew wrote to the excise department of AP bringing into its notice that spurious liquor entering market in the guise of cheap liquor. However, the representation evoked just a cold response.\"Some of the cheap liquor manufacturers AP are indulging in using impure spirit in place of rectified spirit and extra neutral alcohol (ENA) as a raw martial to manufacture liquor. These adulterants are dangerous because they not only cause mental illness but death. Unfortunately, the excise department is turning blind eye even after it is being alerted,\" said an AP-based distiller, who didn't want to be named.The provision of AP Distillery (Manufacture of IMFL other than Beer &amp; Wine) Rules 2006 mandates a liquor manufacturer to use ENA distilled out of molasses as the raw material to produce IML (Indian made foreign liquor) prepare liquor. But, it is come to know that some of the manufacturers in the state are using impure spirits and residue of molasses distillation what is called 'Heads and Tails', in a bid to save manufacturing cost. While ENA costs Rs. 42 for a liter, 'Heads and Tails' is sold at the rate of Rs.18 a liter. This raw material is injurious because it has toxic ingredients such as methyl alcohol (methanol) and excessive percentage of aldehyde, copper, lead, and easter.\"While ethyl alcohol (ethanol) is consumable as alcohol, ethanol is poisonous. AS the liquor adulterated with methanol can cause death, the other adulterants may result in sort of mental illness that the patients came complaining with last month. Most of the cases were related to toddy consumption where as the effect of adulterated cheap liquor was also there. However, we are still probing to find the exact cause,\" said Dr. V Promodkumar, medical superintendant of Institute of Mental Health Hospital.While a senior official in the excise department confirmed the reception of the complaint, he said show cause notices were already been issued to some of the cheap liquor manufacturers. As the new contracts for supplying liquor were to be issued next month there was a possibility of blacklisting the distillers found to be violating rules, said he.As the contracts were expired on June 30 this year, the distillers had to enter into fresh rate contract agreement (RCA) before July 1. However, the old contracts were extend for two months owing to technical reasons after tenders were finalized in July.As an excise official said, it is difficult to fix a distiller for selling spurious liquor as it is being sold in the bottles bearing labels of multiple brands. For instance, a bottle embossed with MBDL bears a label of Satyam's. \"The perpetrators using every trick in the book, but is a serious issue as it impacts the public health badly. A thorough investigation only can curb the menace,\" said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330610", "title": "Cops crack Behala multiple murders, cableman held", "text": "KOLKATA: A basket of puja flowers, an untouched lunch and an empty tea-cup helped Kolkata Police crack the Behala multiple murders in just three days. Four suspects, including the alleged mastermind -- an employee of victims Gouri Bhattacharya and her son Deepak - have been arrested for one of the most gruesome crimes in the city in recent years.Gouri, 78, Deepak, 52, and their domestic helps Anima and Moyna were found with their throats slit in their two-storey house in Behala on the night of September 6. Police had few concrete clues to work on but dogged detective work eventually led them to Munna Dhali, who had been working for Gouri's cable TV franchise for eight months. Police say he plotted the murders to rob the lakhs of rup-ees he believed Gouri had kept stashed in her alimrah. The gang could get their hands on only a few thousand rupees.Police had no concrete leads but a few intriguing clues at the crime scene. A basket of flowers and lunch lying covered in the kitchen helped police establish a possible time for the murder.Initially, the police thought that the murders took place during a power cut between 7.30pm and 9.30pm. Since, rigor mortis hadn't set in, they pushed it back to 5-6pm. But after talking to another maid, they realized that Gouri was a late-riser and did her puja around noon. Investigators realised that the murders were committed between 11.30am and noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16330324", "title": "Rs 9.9 crore to spruce up tourism spots in Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: With the state government allocating Rs 9. 9 crore under the tourism department's 'Special development programme' (SDP), heritage tourism places in Mandya district will soon get the much-awaited makeover.According to deputy commissioner B N Krishnaiah, half of the sanctioned amount has been released and development works would be taken up soon. The government has sanctioned Rs 1 crore for beautification of Srirangapatna Fort which is in a dilapidated condition.Rs 2 crore will be spent for developing Kotebetta near Nagamangala town. Though this place is blessed with the nature's bounty and historical importance because of the presence of Sri Narasimha Swamy temple, it failed to draw tourists due to lack of basic amenities.Rs 2.5 crore has been sanctioned for the 'Wellness development project' at hotel Mayura River Valley in Srirangapatna town. The remaining amount will be spent for rejuvenating historical temples and developing roads connecting the tourism places in the district, said Krishnaiah.New lease of life for historical fortSrirangapatna Fort, which was once considered unconquerable due to its double wall defence system and was reckoned to be the second strongest fort during the pre-Independence era, is in shambles now. With the government allocating funds, this historically important structure will get a new lease of life. ASI is vested with the responsibility of preserving a smaller portion of the Fort while KSA has to look after larger part of it.ASI has fenced a small portion of the Fort on the northern side and it was landscaped. However, the remaining area is in a fragile condition. The government has plans to organize light and show (Son et lumiere) programme on the south-eastern side of the fort after restoring it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329504", "title": "Teachers' eligibility test (TET) students end 11-day fast", "text": "RANCHI: The successful candidates of teachers' eligibility test (TET) held in July 2011 whose appointments were cancelled by the Jharkhand high court in November 2011 ended their 11-day fast on Saturday after HRD minister Baidyanath Ram met them and assured them of a solution.The successful candidates of the examination were demonstrating at Birsa Chowk since August 28, when the monsoon session of the assembly started. Out of the total number of people demonstrating, six were fasting and three of them had to be hospitalized.Chiarperson of Jharkhand TET Successful Candidates Association, Kunda Mandal said, \"We have been selected in the TET examination but we were not given appointment letters due to the mistake of the department. It is not our fault if the state does not have a TET regulation. Then why should we, who have worked hard to pass, suffer?\"After the results of TET examination were declared, the unsuccessful candidates filed a petition in the Jharkhand high court claiming that the examination conducted was unfair, following which the high court cancelled the appointment of the 8042 successful candidates. tnnAfter the students went on fast for 11 days, Ram finally met them on Saturday and asked them to break their fast. Ram convinced the candidates that he will look into the matter and come up with a solution soon. \"We will take legal help and try to find out a way to give these candidates their job,\" said Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329247", "title": "Porsche, Ferrari steal the limelight on Super Sunday", "text": "KOCHI: The world's biggest brands in luxury cars were on show on Sunday with owners participating in Pete's Super Sunday super car show in the city.Organized by Pete's Automotive Products Pvt Ltd, the event was flagged at 6am on Sunday by company MD Peter K Chacko.The rally concluded at the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium after reaching Athirappilly and then returning via Chalakudy-Angamaly-Aluva route.All cars were tuned to provide extra power and speed.The cars which participated in rally included Lamborghini Gallardo , Ferrari F 430, Audi RS 5, Audi R8, Porsche 911 , BMW M3, BMW C4, Jaguar XFR, Mercedes SL 55 AMG, BMW 640D, Bentley Flying Spur, Subaru Impreza, Mercedes Benz C 63 AMG, Nissan 350C and Porsche Boxster.Youngsters gathered at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium to get a glimpse of their favourite cars. One of the cars, a BMW M3 rammed a tree near Chalakudy. However, nobody was injured in the accident.Those who participated in the rally include, Pete's Super Sunday's Pramod Thevannoor, Deepak Narendran, and Ajoy Jose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16328528", "title": "NH-24 widening meets roadblock", "text": "NOIDA: Widening of the NH-24 between the Delhi-Uttar Pradesh border and Dasna in Ghaziabad into a six-lane corridor \u2014 for which tenders were to be released in July \u2014 has encountered another roadblock. In a communication sent to both the development authorities of Noida and Ghaziabad, the surface transport ministry has conveyed that the widening of the stretch and construction of an elevated road will be undertaken at the same time.Opposed to this, both Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority have jointly written to the ministry voicing their concerns at the proposal. The authorities have said that the highway would experience heavy traffic congestion for several months if construction for both projects starts at the same time.As per Noida Authority officials, a letter was sent on Friday to the ministry signed by the chiefs of Noida and Ghaziabad, shooting down the proposal and communicating their misgivings about the dual project plan. \"After a meeting on June 23 with the road transport and highways minister, CP Joshi, the widening of NH-24 was sanctioned,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil), Noida.\"It was decided that before anything else, the stretch would be widened to ease traffic congestion on the highway. We received the minutes of this meeting on August 6, but an entirely different plan was outlined. The minutes indicated that both the projects \u2014 widening and elevated road \u2014 were to be undertaken together,\" Goel said.\"Considering the heavy traffic that uses the stretch daily, it would be disastrous to start both the projects at the same time. We have proposed that widening of the 21km stretch be taken up independently of the elevated road project,\" Goel added.Complaints of major traffic jams during morning and evening peak hours are constantly being received by the two authorities. The four-lane road from Ghaziabad border to Dasna is one of the most congested highway corridors in the country. At present, the stretch witnesses long traffic snarls. As per an estimate, over 1.5 lakh commuters use this stretch daily.Though the widening plan was conceived almost six years ago, it did not take off. Due to traffic congestion on UP border-Dasna stretch, the exercise to develop it as a six-lane route was re-started three years back. After several flip-flops, in April this year, the highways ministry proposed to carry out the widening work on contract and a tender was also floated, but the plan was scrapped later. NHAI then proposed to widen this portion as part of the Delhi-Meerut expressway project on build, operate and transfer mode. In that case, private developers would have financed the entire project.In July, tenders for the proposed widening project estimated to cost Rs 150 crore were released and the bidder was to be finalized. Earlier, Noida Authority had also proposed an elevated road at a cost of Rs 4,650 crore to be built on a 31km stretch from UP Gate to Dasna to ease traffic problems. About 10km road of this will pass through Noida.The elevated road would solve the congestion problem that plagues the highway, an important link for Noida, Ghaziabad and Delhi commuters. As per initial estimates, Rs 150 crore per kilometre was to be spent on construction of the elevated road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16335312", "title": "Woman gang-raped by policemen in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: A woman was allegedly gang-raped by two constables while she was on her way to Mussourie in a car, police said on Monday.As per the complaint lodged by the victim, she was molested by a group of policemen who stopped the car in which she was travelling along with acquaintances in Roorkee's Gangnahar area on Saturday night. Two of the police constables later gang-raped her, she alleged.Six policemen and a civilian have been booked under different sections of the IPC in this connection, police in Haridwar said.Acting on the woman's complaint, Haridwar SSP Arun Mohan Joshi has sent the six accused cops to the lines.The victim's medical examination report is still awaited and further action will be taken on its basis, Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16329795", "title": "Fisherman survives 30 hours in sea after boat sinks", "text": "SURAT: Sheer grit and physical endurance led a fisherman from Dandi village in Valsad to survive for more than 30 hours in seawaters after his boat sank. All that he had at his disposal was a broken freezer door to keep afloat.Ashwin Tandel (35) is being treated at a Navsari hospital and is believed to be the only survivor from a boat of nine fishermen, including his father and brother, which sank. Villagers of Vansi Borsi found Ashwin lying unconscious on the coast. He told the police that he swam with the help of freezer board after his boat sank.His father Khushal Tandel (60) had planned to go fishing in his boat 'Krishna Prasad' with his two sons Ashwin and Yogesh along with six others on September 6 from Dholay port of Navsari. After around three hours into the sea, the boat engine developed a technical snag that led Khushal to call his youngest son Mahesh and seek help. Mahesh and some other fishermen were prevented from going into the sea by high tide. The family soon informed the fisheries department and asked for help.\"We took the help of Coast Guard that sent its helicopter to search the boat. It is possible that the boat may have sunk by the time,\" assistant director, fisheries department, N S Patel said.Ashwin said as the boat started sinking, the fishermen tried to catch whatever floating material they could find. He found a freezer door, while Yogesh found a wooden board. Both struggled for several hours and after a few hours Yogesh disappeared. Ashwin somehow managed to reach Vansi Borsi on Friday morning after using his swimming abilities to the optimum.\"The boat was not registered with us and as per meteorology department's forecast no fishing boats were permitted to go into the sea,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16329700", "title": "Residents\u2019 help sought to tackle theft", "text": "KOCHI: To foil attempts of burglary from 'Thiruttu gramam' (village of thieves) in Tamil Nadu , police have decided to seek the support of various residents' associations in Kochi. They will soon form special squads which will include members of various residents associations . The police have identified the presence of the thieves from 'Thiruttu Gramam'. \"These specially trained house breakers will go to any extent to achieve their target,'' said a police officer of Tripunithura police station.Two years ago, we had traced members of such groups after making their sketches in consultation with victims, police said. They target houses near railway tracks as it is easy for them to escape. Moreover, they attack many houses simultaneously and will flee with the valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16329598", "title": "Kandla wins 'major port' award again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kandla Port Trust (KPT) has been adjudged 'Major Port of the Year for 2011-12' at the third All-India Maritime and Logistics Awards 2012. This is for the third time in a row that Kandla has won this recognition.Kandla Port pipped Chennai Port Trust and Visakhapatnam Port Trust to bag the award.KPT registered a throughput of 82.5 million tonne in 2011-12, the highest in the country. It created a national history by handling a 82.30 million metric tonne in the FY 2011-12.\"The performance was even more commendable as it came up despite continuing impact of economic recession and industrial slowdown in the international trade and economy during the last fiscal,\" said KPT chairman P D Vaghela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16328584", "title": "Child panel summons sports officer", "text": "BHOPAL: The child rights panel after taking note of mismanagement for the on-going state-level sports competition at Jabalpur has summoned a sports department official for a hearing on September 12. Students who were to participate in the competition had to wait at the station as travel schedule was cancelled at the last minute while they were provided filthy accommodation and poor food.On September 6, around 100 students from Bhopal division were told to gather at the Bhopal railway station at 3 pm. The students from five districts -Bhopal, Raisen, Vidisha, Sehore and Rajgarh - were to leave for Jabalpur by Vindyachal Express which was to depart at 6 pm. However, at around 5 pm they were told that reservation could not be secured for them and hence they would now travel by the Overnight Express to Jabalpur. On hearing this, some parents objected as there was no reservation in the train again.The authorities said that no concession was given by the divisional railway magistrate and hence the reservation was cancelled and the itinerary was rescheduled to the overnight express. Some officials on the other hand claimed that sufficient funds were allocated for the transport of sportsperson by the school education department.Chairperson state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) Usha Chaturvedi said, \"The commission has taken note of the incident. Joint director sports, Bhopal division Sanjay Sharma has been sent a notice and asked to be present at the bench hearing on September 12.\"Commission member Reena Gujral inspected the competition premises and where the students were being put up in Jabalpur on Sunday. She said, \"Irregularities were found there as well. Students complained of lack of proper lodging, food, toilet and drinking water facilities.\"She said that some students complained of lack of transit between the bus stand at Jabalpur and their place of stay. \"Some students were put up at the bus stand parking while some were put up at the municipal corporation parking for the night. Then, when the students arrived, their living quarters were in filthy conditions and the toilets were unusable,\" she said.The district education officer (DEO), Jabalpur who arrived on the spot said in defense that different duties were distributed to people. \"His accepted his mistake that physical verification of the place was not conducted by him previously,\" Gujral said.Some students also complained of lack of drinking water facilities at the stadium where the competition was being held. Then a municipal corporation tanker was called to the spot, but again, its water was not found fit for consumption. After DEO's intervention, water pouches were given to the participants.\"The report would be sent to the commission in full and appropriate action would be taken against the erring individuals. While this was a joint programme of sports and education department, both were busy apportioning the blame on the other for the fiasco,\" Gujral added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16332989", "title": "Hike in toll hits business, commuters", "text": "LUDHIANA: The hike in toll tax at the Ladhowal collection post has not gone down well with the commuters who take the Ludhiana-Jalandhar stretch of National Highway 1 frequently. The toll at this post near Phillaur has been raised by 8.5% since September 1, adding to the expenses of businessmen who use the NH1 frequently.Badhewal resident and a businessman Aditya Kalia, who deals in vinyl branding and signboards, says the hike is too steep for those travelling to Jalandhar and to other towns like Phillaur and Phagwara along the NH1. \"The businessmen who have their units along the Ludhiana-Jalandhar national highway will have to shell a lot more for transporting their goods and raw material,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328640", "title": "Activist wants Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation men to pay for goof-up", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has printed guidelines to appoint NGOs as members of local ward committees, although CM Prithviraj Chavan has yet to approve it by issuing a government resolution (GR).Activist Anil Galgali questioned the BMC's hurry when the official GR has still to be issued. He wrote to civic chief Sitaram Kunte, asking him to recover the cost incurred on rectifying the error, from the municipal secretariat staff's salary. \"The BMC should have waited for the GR. In order to rectify the error, the civic body will have to spend more money to make the changes. Why should the taxpayer foot the bills for the BMC's mistakes,\" Galgali added.A BMC official said, \"I am not aware of the goof-up. But in case it has been printed even before the GR is issued, then we will have to rectify the mistake.\" When asked about what action would be initiated against the municipal secretariat office for \"dereliction of duty\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16329949", "title": "NSS blames government for communal tension in state", "text": "KOTTAYAM: NSS general secretary G Sukumaran Nair has said that the governments in power at the Centre as well as the state are responsible for the increase of communal tension in the state.He was reacting to the concern raised by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh the other day about the increase of communal and ethnic tension in the country, particularly in states like Kerala.Speaking at the platinum jubilee valedictory function of Vaikom Taluk Union of the NSS, held at Vaikom, Nair said that the majority communities have woken up after getting fed up of the minority appeasement of the governments for political mileage. He also urged the Central and state governments to put an end to the wrong policies in connection with reservations.Nair also spoke for the economically backward people who are not getting the benefit of reservation, adding that a decision of bringing those people under reservation can be easily decided by the Union Cabinet.\"The Prime Minister, who is not even ready to do this, is criticizing communities now,\" he said.Regarding the NSS-SNDP alliance, Nair said that such an alliance became inevitable due to the policies of the governments. The alliance will protect the interests of the majority communities.\"Don't think that this alliance will break up on the issue of reservation,\" said Nair. He added that the education sector is under total chaos, and that all decisions are made in Panakkad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16332746", "title": "Vegetable vendors shrink Gokulpeth road in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Unauthorized vegetable and fruit vendors are running a thriving business outside the Gokulpeth vegetable market and, as a result, throwing vehicular traffic out of gear.The Dharampeth zone office is situated close by but the officials, including assistant municipal commissioner Mahesh Morone, are turning a blind eye towards the encroachment.\"Even though ample place is available inside the Gokulpeth market, vendors choose to sit on road and there are several buyers who stop by to add to the congestion,\" alleged local residents.Despite a number of anti-encroachment drives, vegetable, fish and meat vendors keep coming back and setting up shop. \"\"It is difficult for children and senior citizens to cross the road during the evening hours. Vegetable vendors, hawkers and motorists are all on the road at the same time and it is the common man who suffers,\"\" said Harischandra Joshi, a local resident.Apart from vendors, the shutters and displays of some established shops extend to the footpath.Residents also pointed out that the market comes under Shankar Nagar ward which is a very big area and it lacks a proper vegetable market. \"The existing market is owned by NIT and the NMC had shown interest to construct a complex but the former had raised objections,\" said a senior officer from the NMC's market department.Residents say that they just want the traffic and the encroachment issue solved. \"In two terms, the ruling coalition could not even meet these demands,\" said a miffed local, Rajendra Sarode.Wherever footpaths exist, it is occupied by illegal hawkers, handcarts etc, forcing pedestrians to walk on the roads and making them vulnerable to accidents, said residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335167", "title": "Aakanksha on a shopping spree in Nepal", "text": "Actor Aakanksha Singh of Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha, has let her hair down in her recent trip to Nepal it seems.The actress, who was in the neighbouring country for a special shoot, can't stop talking about it. \"This was my second trip for shooting after I joined the industry. We had a lot of fun despite our packed shooting schedule,\" gushes Aakanksha.She was busy shooting till the trip happened. Though we were shooting throughout, the last day was fun as we took some time out and went on a shopping spree. We also visited few of the renowned places in Kathmandu ,\" she smiles.Prod her about the things she bought from Nepal and the actor adds, \"I bought two Nepali shawls, hats, one wooded necklace which is very famous in Nepal and a must buy and some bags. I could go on and on with my shopping but we were running out of time.\"Apart from splurging, she also visited the Pashupatinath Temple along with the entire team. \"Kathmandu has never been explored in any television show. And we are the first telly town team to have done that. I take a lot of pride in that,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332427", "title": "Experts discuss aspects of cancer, treatment", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kamala Nehru Memorial Hospital and Regional Cancer Centre organised a workshop titled \"Specialty Evening Clinics in Oncology and Gynaecology-Obstetrics\" as well as round the clock diagnostic facility in Pathology and Radiology, for the benefit of working class, office goers and patients coming from far off places. The hospital has recently added several new facilities to its existing ICU, the pharmacy and paediatric ward, which were recently inaugurated by Rahul Gandhi on August 1. Chief guest, commissioner Allahabad division, Devesh Chaturvedi inaugurated the function. The CEO of Kamala Nehru Memorial Hospital, Dr Madhu Chandra informed that Dr Radharani Ghosh , Dr Navneeta Banerjee and Dr Sangeeta Khare senior gynaecologists will be available for consultation for the benefit of cancer patients from 5.30 pm onwards in the hospital daily except Sundays. tnnSimultaneously patients can avail the 24x7 pathology facility, thus reducing time and efforts of patient relatives in starting treatment.The function was followed by a public awareness programme. Dr Radharani Ghosh elaborated on various causative factors of cancers, and gave valuable tips in preventing various cancers. The hospital also runs an immunisation programme for prevention of cervix cancer, she informed. Dr Navneeta Banerjee highlighted on the importance of nutrition in ante-natal period and stressed on the importance of consuming a balanced diet to live a healthy life. Dr Sangeeta Khare stressed on the importance of post delivery care of all women, as far as diet, personal hygiene, and care of the baby were concerned. Prof Krishna Mukherjee, medical superintendent of KNM Hospital proposed the vote of thanks. The programme was conducted by Dr Vinita Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333116", "title": "The Possession tops slowest box office weekend of 2012", "text": "Even though last week's number one movie 'The Possession' topped the weekend box office for the second week in a row, it earned a meagre 9.5 million dollars.According to The Hollywood Reporter, the number two flick 'Lawless' pulled in 6 million dollars.Even the \"Sexiest Man Alive\" - Bradley Cooper - failed to lure moviegoers to the box office this weekend.On the slowest weekend this year at the theatres thus far, Cooper's ' The Words ' debuted to lacklustre ticket sales with just 5-million-dollar earnings.Total box office revenues are expected to total no more than 67 million dollars, making this weekend the lowest earning since the one just after the attacks on September 11, 2001,\" Us Weekly reported.The anti-Obama documentary ' 2016: Obama's Amer ica' managed to become the second-highest earning political documentary of all time, having brought in a total of 26 million dollars so far.The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:The Possession - 9.5 million dollarsLawless - 6 million dollarsThe Words - 5 million dollarsThe Expendables 2 - 4.8 million dollarsThe Bourne Legacy - 4 million dollarsParaNorman - 3.8 million dollarsThe Odd Life of Timothy Green - 3.7 million dollarsThe Campaign - 3.5 million dollarsThe Dark Knight Rises - 3.3 million dollars2016: Obama's America - 3.28 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16328474", "title": "Who'll pay for policing at toll plaza: HC orders on September 20", "text": "GURGAON: While directing the state to continue providing security at the toll plaza on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, the Punjab and Haryana high court - during the next hearing on September 20 - is to decide on the fate of the concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), in context to the issue of paying for the police services.The concessionaire had approached the HC in 2009 seeking directions to be given to the Haryana government and other authorities concerned to provide dedicated and sufficient number of police teams to assist them in collection of toll tax. Besides that in its writ petition, DGSCL sought direction to install permanent police outposts at the toll plazas to avoid any security threat to the life and property of those who are working as toll in collectors.But additional AG, B S Rana, has informed the HC on September 4 that while 165 police personnel are on duty to manage traffic at the toll plazas presently, the DGSCL has not paid for the police service so far. The court will pass an order on the issue of payment on September 20.The court has observed: \"Be that as it may, it is not in dispute that till today not even a single penny has been paid by the concessionaire for providing security at the toll plazas, as undertaken by it, when order was passed by this court on March 3, 2009.\"The concessionaire's lawyer has contended that the police officials are not members of any dedicated team as envisaged in the provision.The high court on March 3, 2009 had directed the director general of police to provide security at toll plazas at the expressway, keeping in view the willingness of the petitioner to pay for the security to be provided to it. A pre-condition was set that that the petitioner shall provide space for the police personnel at the toll plazas for their stay.The court had also stated that as per the agreement, the state is duty-bound to provide dedicated teams of policemen at the toll plazas.Through an affidavit, traffic police had informed that 103 traffic officials had been deployed. Besides that, a team of traffic policemen headed by one traffic inspector was also deployed on duty on the highway. But the DGSCL had stated that the deployment of traffic police was not adequate, keeping in mind the huge volume of vehicles that passes through this area.Again on September 22, 2011, the court had ordered that all the stakeholders like state of Haryana, National Highway Authority of India ( NHAI) and authorities of government of National capital Territory of Delhi along with the petitioner can sit together and come up with an amicable solution. The court had stated that a meeting of all the stakeholders can be convened by the Haryana home secretary within a period of six weeks and a solution can be chalked out. The matter was listed again for November 5, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16328758", "title": "CM bites tongue over \u2018praise-worthy\u2019 minister", "text": "For chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, it was a piquant situation recently while sharing a platform with controversial school education minister Rajendra Darda, now one of the accused in the multi-crore Coalgate. Ever since Darda was shifted from the crucial industries to school education department, he was unhappy over the fact that his new department was \"insignificant\". Later, when Darda found that there was absolutely no possibility of changing his portfolio, he began concentrating on the school education department. In fact, Darda was the first school education minister to bring in revolutionary changes in the department. As a result, the crisis-ridden department appeared streamlined at all levels, perhaps for the first time in its history. Besides bringing in complete transparency in appointment, transfer and approval of teachers, the school education department will annually save well over Rs 2,000 crore following a successful campaign to detect bogus students across the state. When Darda launched the statewide campaign to identify bogus students, not only managements of private schools, but leading education barons and senior cabinet members, too, opposed the plan. Then it was found that there were more than 15 lakh bogus students in the state. At a juncture when his political career graph was steadily on the rise, suddenly Darda is at the receiving end for his alleged involvement in the Coalgate. In view of the impressive performance of the school education department, Darda had organized a grand Teacher's Day event at Nashik in presence of Chavan. After Darda's introductory speech, when Chavan rose to speak, he showered praise on the school education minister for the department's outstanding performance. Subsequently, when Chavan was about to leave the venue, news trickled in that the Congress high command had asked Chavan to secure Darda's resignation. A speechless Chavan had no option but to leave the function in a hurry without interacting with members of the fourth estate. However, Darda continues to be a cabinet member as so far, no one has asked him to quit.Guv unlocks secretsKnown for bringing in innovative concepts in administration and governance, Governor K Sankaranarayanan has embarked upon a new mission. Realizing that there was too much secrecy in the Raj Bhavan even in the era of Right to Information, the guv decided to shed that image. While earlier, even documents of historical importance were not available to research scholars and the aam aadmi, the governor has now declassified a whopping 5,000 files between 1929 and 1991. These can be accessed without any procedural wrangle. Sankaranarayanan's decision assumes significance as Raj Bhavan has always been out of bounds for the common man. As governor of Maharashtra, Sankaranarayan had brought in complete transparency in the appointment of vice-chancellors. In a record span of 16 months, the Raj Bhavan appointed a record number of 16 V-Cs. Another feather to his cap is the special austerity drive that has led to a drastic cut-down in Raj Bhavan's expenditure. Now, it is for senior bureaucrats to take lessons from Raj Bhavan on the declassification of documents. Whether in the CM's office, any department of the state government or the BMC, there is a tendency to hoard all information despite the provision of the RTI Act.Strictly on meritExactly 17 years after it set up the prestigious Maharashtra Bhushan award, the government has realized that so far, it has not framed rules for selecting the nominees. It was Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's idea to honour a leading Marathi person for his contribution to the cause of the state for outstanding performance in a particular field. Accordingly, when Manohar Joshi took over reins of the saffron combine government in 1995, the Maharashtra Bhushan award was instituted. Marathi literateur P L Deshpande was the first recipient. Since then it has been honouring leading personalities from different walks of life. The nominee is selected by a committee headed by the chief minister, with senior bureaucrats from the department of culture and leading social workers and experts from the field of media, management and education as panel members. However, it appears that the government has started drafting new rules on the lines of the Padma awards in which the nominees are scrutinized at several levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16330773", "title": "Honouring grandparents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To honour the role of grandparents, Small Wonders School, Phase VII, Mohali, celebrated Grandparenta's Day Senior Citizens Welfare Association Ludhiana. Programme was well-attended by grandparents of students who came prepared to have a rollicking time with the tiny tots. The elders enthusiastically cheered the children during the colourful cultural programme which was full of fun and gaiety. The tiny tots expressed their affection and respect for their elders through the rhymes, songs and words.Meanwhile, elders day was also celebrated at Saupin's School, Panchkula, with full zest and zeal. The function commenced with a group song, \"Lakdi Ki kathi'' presented by the tiny tots of LKG. This was followed by a series of commendable performances like rhymes, solo dance and song that enthralled the audience. The grandparents were invited on stage to share their memories. The highlight of the function was the ramp walk by grandparents along with kids.While at Ryan International School, Sector 49, Chandigarh the students were told that grandparents are a vital part of the family structure. To honour their legacy, Grandparents Day was celebrated. The grandchildren made special cards for them to say a warm, ''thank youa'' in their own special language. The little angels also sang songs for them. The grandparents thoroughly enjoyed themselves with their grandchildren as they played a number of games like such as memory game, arranging blocks to say ''I Love You Grandpaa- Grandmaaa'' and spend quality time with them. Ruby played melodious tunes on keyboard, while Pooja, Sonia, and Namrata carried the loving Dadajia's and Dadijia's on a path of soulful happiness, celebration and enjoyment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16335713", "title": "Not Emraan Hashmi but fresh faces for Raaz 4?", "text": "After the box office success of Raaz 3, Mukesh Bhatt's already existing confidence in the franchise seems to be multiplied.\"I was sure about the success of Raaz 3 . Vikram Bhatt is a great director and Bipasha Basu has performed very well. When it comes to Emraan Hashmi, he is a star. I was also confident about the content of the film,\" said Mukesh.So, is Raaz 4 on cards and will the star cast remain the same? \"Yes, Raaz 4 is definitely going to happen. We won't continue with the previous cast, but planning to get fresh faces. We are going to celebrate the success of Raaz 3 and by then will announce details about Raaz 4 ,\" answered Mukesh.Vikram Bhatt is happy about the success of Raaz 3 , but refrained to comment about the next Raaz. \"It's too early to think and talk about Raaz 4 ,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333699", "title": "Will Anandi and Jagya come face to face in Balika Vadhu?", "text": "Things are taking a turn for the better in Colors TV's Balika Vadhu. At least for Anandi and Shiv. But Jagya (Shashank Vyas) seems to be a jealous man. He's back with a bang on the show and he seems to have his own intentions behind returning to Jaitsar. As he takes to alcohol, an uncontrollable Jagya lands up in the hospital.Now, in tonight's episode, dadisa (Surekha Sikri) will secretly come to meet Jagya at the hospital. Further more, dadisa will overhear Anandi ( Pratyusha Banerjee) and Shiv (Siddharth Shukla) talking over the phone where she tells Shiv to go to the hospital for another bandage. Dadisa is worried that Anandi might see Jagya there. Siddharth Shukla who plays Shiv confirms the news, \"Yes I will be going to the hospital to change my bandage but that's all I know till know. You will have to watch ahead to know what happens next\".Shashank Vyas too speaks about his comeback to Jaitsar, \"Jagya's character is full on the show. I tried wholeheartedly to win dadisa's sympathy but I did not succeed. For me as an artist, it's a different phase. I'm learning and exploring. The Channel has said it's a very different character from now on and in television history, you can't hate or love a person like him. It's difficult to perform such a character. But I'm very thankful to my director.\"Viewers will have to wait with baited breath to see if Shiv and Anandi's re union will finally materialize into marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330890", "title": "Cartoonist doesn\u2019t feel need to defend self", "text": "KANPUR-based cartoonist Aseem Trivedi ( 25 ) reached Mumbai on Saturday morning and went to the BKC police station to surrender and also inquire about the case against him.Last month, a BKC police team had gone to Kanpur to look for him. Its members questioned his father for a few hours on August 30 at a local police station, causing him mental harassment, according to Trivedi's friends. When the cartoonist learned about this, he tried to contact the team, but its members did not respond to his calls, the friends said.After Trivedi surrendered, he was put in lockup for the night. His friends and India Against Corruption members were not allowed to meet him, a friend alleged. Trivedi was produced in court on Sunday afternoon.When the magistrate asked him about his advocate, he said he was not engaging one. The prosecutor informed the court that Trivedi had insulted the national emblem in a cartoon and displayed it during an Anna Hazare rally at the MMRDA ground and on his website. The court then gave the police Trivedi's custody. The next hearing is on September 16.Former judges, lawyers and civil rights activists have criticized the police for arresting the cartoonist. In particular, they have condemned the duration of his custody.\"This is a very rare instance of such a thing happening,\" said activist and advocate Mihir Desai. Observing that the case was not maintainable, high court Justice (retd) H Suresh said, \"The charge of sedition is patently misused. In this case, what is sedition? Moreover, custody of seven days is fundamentally wrong (in this case). What further investigations will be conducted while keeping him in custody ? The cartoons, which speak for themselves, are investigation enough.\"Former IPS officer and now lawyer Y P Singh said that as per a Supreme Court ruling, arrests need not be made in cases of a technical nature. \"The action of the police, which may not be legally incorrect, has certainly been undesirable. The police have acted in an excessive manner by applying sedition charges. At best, a weak case could have been made under the Prevention of Insults to Nation Honour Act.\"Further, to arrest a person on a weekend and produce him in court on a Sunday is regarded as mischievous . That is because if a matter is regarded as serious, it needs to be deliberated on in a regular court and not a holiday court.\"Shyama Kulkarni, trustee, Agni, said, \"In a democracy, how can somebody be gagged like this? Are we heading towards a dictatorial state or towards a state of emergency? Trivedi is an artist and has a right to express himself.\"Kulkarni drew a comparison to the recent arrest of a professor in West Bengal for forwarding a cartoon on the state's chief minister Mamata Banerjee . \"Will anyone among us be arrested if we criticize those in power? Instead of charging an innocent cartoonist, arrest those who are selling our country. The right people are not being arrested.\"The cartoonistAseem Trivedi was born in 1987 in Kanpur Is a political cartoonist and activist Is 2012 recipient of 'Courage in Editorial Cartooning Award' of Virginia-based Cartoonists Rights Network International Started 'Save Your Voice' movement against internet censorship along with long-time friend Alok Dixit As freelance cartoonist, drew for newspapers and magazines Drew cartoons in support of Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement and put them up in own website, which was blocked by police. Cartoons were discussed in Rajya SabhaAseem Trivedi's crimeSedition by insulting national symbols through cartoons Works in question are themed Cartoons Against Corruption. One depicts national emblem as comprising wolves in place of lions and the slogan Bhrashtameva Jayate in place of Satyameva JayateThe complainantAmit Katarnayea, legal advisor for a Mumbai-based non-governmental organization Wrote in police complaint in December 2011 that Trivedi put up banners mocking Indian constitution during Anna Hazare's rally at Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC) and uploaded obscene content on his websiteThree charges, one draws life termSection 124, Indian Penal Code |Sedition. Whoever, by words, either spoken or written, or by signs, or by visible representation, or otherwise, brings or attempts to bring into hatred or contempt, or excites or attempts to excite disaffection towards the government, shall be punished with imprisonment for lifeSection 66A, Information Technology Act |Punishment for sending false or offensive messages through communication services for the purpose of causing annoyance, inconvenience, danger, obstruction, insult, injury, criminal intimidation, enmity, hatred or ill will. Punishable with imprisonment for a term that may extend to three yearsSection 2, Prevention of Insults to Nation Honour Act |Whoever in any public place or in any other place within public view burns, mutilates, defaces, defiles, disfigures, destroys, tramples upon or otherwise shows disrespect to or brings into contempt (whether by words, either spoken or written, or by acts) the national flag or the constitution of India or any part thereof, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term that may extend to three yearsKanpur-based , why did he surrender in mum?Complaint against Aseem Trivedi was filed at BKC police station In August, BKC police team went to Kanpur to look for him and questioned his father on the 30th of the month Trivedi later tried to contact team, but failed He arrived in Mumbai on Saturday and went to BKC police station to inquire about the case. There he surrendered", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16331837", "title": "Making movies is easier today, says director", "text": "COIMBATORE: Young filmmakers today have more opportunities to prove themselves, says popular filmmaker Balaji Sakthivel. Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of an interactive session with students at the Higher Studies Centre in the city on Sunday, Sakthivel said, \"Youtube and the internet offer a huge platform. Youngsters can make albums or short films and upload them on the internet instantly\".Sakthivel said it is much easier for young filmmakers to establish themselves in these times. Hurdles will always be a part of life for those aspiring to be filmmakers. \"Films are being increasingly made for those below the age of 40. This is the age group which frequents the theatres most. The older people prefer television,\" he said.\"Young directors can come up with themes and stories that this age group can easily connect with. They are also more in tune with current trends,\" said Sakthivel.Technological advancements have made low-budget films a possibility. Films made using still-cameras and digital techniques have proved that it is not necessary to have a huge budget to make a good movie, he said.However, there are challenges in getting new ideas and projects accepted. Distributors and producers who are attuned to their 'success formulas' are reluctant to explore new territory. \"But as more newcomers succeed, this will also change,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16330503", "title": "Pak wants Manmohan in Nankana Sahib on Nov 28", "text": "LONDON: Pakistan is said to be preparing for PM Manmohan Singh to visit Nankana Sahib, Guru Nanak's birthplace , on his birthday on November 28. Pakistani government officials shared this information with a leading international affairs think tank in London . The indication tallies with Pakistan foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar's statement that she is expecting the Indian PM's visit before the end of this year. Pakistan's president Asif Ali Zardari and the PPP are said to be keen on having Singh over this year itself as the country faces a general election early in 2013. Sources said Zardari is also pushing for Singh's presence in Pakistan as there is virtually an all-party consensus for better relations with India. However, when the think tank contacted the Government of India to verify the Pakistani claim, New Delhi did not corroborate it. India remains firm that Pakistan needs to demonstrate purpose in prosecuting Pakistan-based masterminds of the terrorist attack on Mumbai in November 2008. The think tank's general assessment is that India does not share the exuberance emanating from Pakistan about a \"sea change in the atmospherics\" between the two countries. \"Pakistan inevitably reaches out to India when it's in trouble and then backtracks ,\" said an analyst. Clearly, the Pakistani government is facing multiple challenges from near financial bankruptcy to terrorist threats from within, not to mention tense ties with Afghanistan and a near collapse in its ties with an ageold big brother ally, the US. \"India would probably be wary of its PM being enticed into a visit to Nankana Sahib ,\" said another analyst. His argument was Pakistan may be attempting to project an image of being tolerant towards minorities, when the truth has increasingly been just the opposite. The case of a 14-year-old Christian girl with learning difficulties, accused of blasphemy and imprisoned for three weeks is ample testimony to the latter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330320", "title": "Premchand's dramas regale Mangaloreans", "text": "MANGALORE: Ideal Drama and Entertainment Academy (IDEA), Mumbai under the direction of Mujeeb Khan staged of stories of renowned Hindu writer Munshi Premchand on the occasion of Hindi Fortnight celebrations at Dr TMA Pai International Convention Centre here on Saturday. The event organized by City based Corporation Bank saw the maiden performance of the troupe in the city.Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing director of the bank, who was the chief guest at the event, said that it was for the first time that the bank is adopting such a mega event in the city. Such events are necessary to take Hindi to the masses, Ajai Kumar said.He also released a book 'Meri Munshi Se Bhent' penned by Mujeeb Khan on the occasion. The IDEA team presented Premchand's three famous stories Kafan, Bade Ghar Ki Beti and Rasik Sampadak on the occasion.The troupe has been organizing 'Prem-Utsav' - dramas based on stories of Munshi Premchand across the countryThe cultural evening began with a jugalbandi performance of Ankush Nayak and his team who captivated the audience with soothing Indian fusion music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333059", "title": "Ryan Reynolds ties the knot with Blake Lively", "text": "Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds , who were first publicly linked more than a year back, are now husband and wife, it has been revealed.According to a source, the couple tied the knot on Sunday night at Boone Hall Plantation in Mt. Pleasant, S.C., just outside of Charleston and the reception took place in a white tent at the plantation on Sunday evening.Florence Welch of ' Florence and the Machine ', who is a good friend of the ' Gossip Girl' star, performed three songs live and there was also a deejay who spun tunes, People magazine reported.The cake was being driven down from Virginia for the event, People magazine reported.Lively's mother and sister were also spotted in town, and a source said that the two had dinner with Bette Midler earlier in the weekend.The two actors, who co-starred in 2011's ' Green Lantern ', have stayed relatively mum about their relationship, though Lively did tell Marie Claire this summer that \"It's definitely attractive when a man can dress well.\"While this is the second marriage for the 35-year-old actor, who was previously married to Scarlett Johansson but the couple divorced in 2010 after two years of marriage, this is the first marriage for Lively, who previously dated her ' Gossip Girl ' co-star Penn Badgley .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16329548", "title": "Businessman robbed in Bhavnagar", "text": "RAJKOT: A businessman was robbed by three unidentified persons on Saturday night in Bhavnagar city. Akash Mulchandani, a resident of Rasala camp in Bhavnagar, has filed a complaint in this regard at C Division police station.The victim in his complaint said, he was going towards his house when three persons accosted him near Navapara Road.\"One of the three persons showed me a knife. He took away my gold chain, gold ring and cash from my pocket. The three then escaped from the spot,'' Mulchandani told police.The cash and valuables robbed from the victim has been estimated at around Rs 33,100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16334922", "title": "'Minority Report-style' facial recognition system launched", "text": "LONDON: The Federal Bureau of Investigation is planning a nationwide launch of a one billion dollar facial recognition system designed to identify criminals.The Next Generation Identification programme, an update to the FBI's national fingerprint database, matches surveillance images to photos of known criminals to aid agents in identifying and catching suspects.The technology is similar to the one shown in a one scene in the movie Minority Report where Tom Cruise boards a tram, and then the cameras scan and identify his face and alert the authorities.According to a report by New Scientist, the facial recognition system works in two ways: it can compare an image to the FBI's massive database of mugshots to pinpoint criminals, and can also track suspects in surveillance footage by zeroing in on their faces in a crowd.The FBI has not revealed what type of facial recognition software it is using for the program, the New York Daily News reports.The most-advanced software in the field reportedly boasts an accuracy of more than 90 percent, the report said.According to the report, several public advocates are wary of the project, fearing that the database will eventually extend beyond criminals to include images of the innocent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16329286", "title": "Hazaribag gets a new bishop", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Father Anand Jojo has been appointed the new Bishop of the Hazaribag Diocese of the Roman Catholic Churches. Father Jojo who is the director of the Roman Catholic Centre at Simdega at present, will take over from Charles Soren to become the second Bishop.Hazaribag was upgraded as the new Diocese in 1994 by bifurcating from the Daltonganj Diocese in Palamu. Since then, Soren who completed 75 about three years ago, had been expressing his desire to resign. Pope Benedict XVI has finally accepted the resignation of Soren and approved the appointment of Jojo, said a source", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16332193", "title": "Priyanka pledges to donate her organs", "text": "Her father's liver illness was treated at the University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC). And that's when Priyanka Chopra learnt more about the institution's Solid Organ Transplant Programs.And recently, she even pledged to donate all her organs. Thus, for the university's Bollywood themed 20th anniversary celebration of its Liver Transplant Program to be held on October 5 in New York , the organisers have invited Pee-Cee to be the keynote speaker.The actress will share the stage with, Christopher Barry - associate professor in the Department of Surgery, Division of Solid Organ Transplant and Hepatobiliary Surgery.Also attending the gala is the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center's Thomas Starzl, M.D., Ph.D., who performed the first human liver transplant at the University of Colorado in 1963.The Bollywood gala, will not only raise awareness about the need for organ donation, but also raise funds for patient care, advocacy, research and education.PeeCee, as the Goodwill Ambassador of Unicef , has also decided to use her celebrity status to promote organ donation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329772", "title": "Book fair from September 14", "text": "KANPUR: More than two lakh books will be on display at the National Book fair to be held at Brijendra Swarup park from September 14 to 23.As many as 55 renowned publishing houses of the country are expected to participate and display books in the ten-day long fair, states Dev Raj Arora an organizer. Uttar Pradesh Hindi Sansthan, Hindustani Academy, Vani Prakashan, Raj Kamal Prakashan, Prabhat Prakashan, Kitabghar Prakashan, Sahini Dictionary, Oxford University Press, Samyak Prakashan, UP Urdu Academy, Raja Pocket Books, PM Publication, Osho Darshan Orient Paper Books and other would be represented.Grolier Diamond Comics, Manjul Publishing House and Pustrak Mahal Prakashan publications would attract kids, Arora said. He said that more focus would be on children.The book fair will be oragnized by KT Foundation to commorate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. Cultural events which would be held during the fair, another organizer Umesh Dhall said.There would be no pirated books. Book lovers would get a concession from 10 to 70 per cent, he announced.They said that in present era of internet, books play a vital role.The fair would be inaugurated by Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on September 14 at 4.30 pm while mayor Jagatveer Singh Drona would the chief guest at the closing function. The fair would open at 11 am and close at 9 pm.Indraneel Mana to join as IIT-K director soon: Indraneel Mana would be the next director of IIT-Kanpur. His candidature had been cleared by President Pranab Mukherjee.Sources at the institute stated that Mana is likely to join by the end of the month. Present director SG Dhande had been given an extension till September 30. Mana's name had been finalised more than a month back and awaiting confirmation from the President. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16335452", "title": "Railway traffic disrupted in Dahod", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following incessant rains on Sunday, the earth below a railway track in Dahod slid causing several train cancellations.Almost 22 kilometers away from Mangalmahudi towards Usra, Sunday rains caused a huge chunk of earth below the tracks to slide away owing to the flood waters. At least eight trains to Ratlam were cancelled due to this. Railway authorities have assured that many of the passenger trains have not been affected . The trains that were delayed were passenger local trains.\"The repair works is on and the link will be restored soon,\" said a senior railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328787", "title": "Delhi\u2019s 'footpaths too high to be used, violate all norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Imagine having to raise your legs up to a feet or more to take a footpath. If the state public works department (PWD) has its way, walking on the pavement in Delhi may become quite a task, thanks to mindless construction by the public works department. And no, there is no way anyone can be penalized for the faulty construction.In a gross violation of the street design guidelines, the PWD is constructing 19-inch high footpaths in Kirti Nagar. The norm is of six inches. When a TOI team visited the area, it found that the agency had built most of the footpaths along Satguru Ram Singh Marg at this height without placing any slanting kerb ramps for easy access. Also, wherever there were ramps, those were too steep. In some areas, as many as three steps had to be constructed to provide access to a footpath.As per street design guidelines issued by DDA planning body UTTIPEC in 2010, height of a footpath cannot exceed six inches; the footpaths must have a ramp of the slope 1:12 and must have tactile paving both at the beginning and along the footpath.When TOI spoke to engineers in charge of the construction on the stretch, they shifted the blame on the area municipal commission of Delhi (MCD). \"These roads were earlier with MCD . The MCD had constructed high drains on this road, and the footpaths have to be built on top of that. As a result, the footpath is high,\" said an engineer.\"However, we will also be relaying the road, which will add four inches to the current height of the road,\" assured the engineer. However, UTTIPEC guidelines state that in case a road will be re-carpeted after a footpath is built, reduction in footpath height till 100 mm (four inches) is permitted, but under no circumstances should a footpath be higher than 150 mm (six inches).TOI found that none of these footpaths have tactile paving (yellow footpath tiles that act as warning and guiding blocks for the visually impaired), and access ramps are either missing, too steep or replaced with steps that cannot be used by those on wheelchairs. \"All UTTIPEC street design guidelines have to be followed for all new construction. Engineers are well aware of this as we have had numerous meetings on this under the chairmanship of L-G Tejendra Khanna,\" said UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee.However, a senior official said, \"Forget UTTIPEC guidelines, even basic IRC guidelines are not being followed. The footpath being constructed in Kirti Nagar is just one of the glaring examples of public road structures that serve no actual purpose and have resulted in wastage of large amount of public money.\" While UTTIPEC has brought this matter to the notice of the L-G in a written complaint, there is currently no penalization provision in place to punish the road owning agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16328908", "title": "Police to work with health dept to identify breeding sites", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to check the rise in cases of malaria in Jaipur district, the police have joined hands with the health department to identify the sites conducive for mosquito breeding.The health and medical department teams are working with 20 major police stations to get 'addresses' of mosquito breeding sites that have sprung up post heavy rainfall.Stagnant water at several places has increased the risk of people getting infected by malaria or other vector-borne diseases.At Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital, around 3-4 cases of malaria are being reported every day with most patients hailing from city outskirts, a hospital official said.The health department has stepped up efforts to curb the spread of the malaria and put in place anti-larval measures. Apart from the police, residents too have been roped in to spread awareness and report breeding sites of mosquitoes.Chief medical health officer (Jaipur I) Dr O P Thankan said, \"We are working hard to destroy mosquito breeding sites. Fifteen teams have been working since August 24 and conducting door-to-door survey to find out patients in the area. On detecting a person suffering from vector-borne disease, the teams contact the police station in the area to identify the waterlogged places and probable mosquito breeding sites.\"The department has constituted 17 separate teams comprising malaria health workers to initiate anti-larval measures in the district.A higher number of blood samples have been tested this year against previous year, in the wake of threat of spread of malaria. So far, the department has tested blood samples of 4.52 lakh people for malaria and other vector-borne diseases compared to 3.15 lakh tested previous year.Dudu reports max no of malaria casesThe cases of vector-borne diseases are going up at an alarming pace with Dudu in Jaipur district being one of the worst affected. Of the 1,005 cases of malaria (Plasmodium vivax (pv)) reported in the district, 535 have been recorded in Dudu.The cases of plasmodium falciparum (pf) malaria stand at 15 till now against 22 reported in 2011. Pf malaria is fatal compared to pv malaria.In addition, nine cases of dengue have been detected compared to 17 reported previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16329422", "title": "Munda to open recreational centre for defence forces", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda will inaugurate a renovated recreational centre for the personnel of the Cockerel division here on Monday that will offer amenities to the serving soldiers for encouraging them to sports activity and other recreational activities.The centre is named after Paramveer Albert Ekka. Lt Col Saurabh Chauhan, an official of the division, said the institute was renovated with financial assistance given by the state government.\"Various modern amenities like cyber cafe, room for billiards, table tennis and a library have come up on the premises of Dipatoli cantonment,\" he said. Though the institute has been there since long, it was not in proper shape to be used by the serving soldiers. tnnChauhan said the facility had been provided for occasional screening of movies and handling other welfare activities meant for the soldiers.Earlier, the state government cooperated in construction of the state war memorial to honour the war heroes as well as the civilians who contributed for Independence.\"There are other welfare activities meant for the ex-servicemen which are being carried out with the financial assistance of the state government but this renovation of the institute could be described as one of the first occasions in which the state government extended financial support,\" Chauhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "domjur (howrah)", "code": "16330506", "title": "Six BPO execs die in highway accident", "text": "DOMJUR (HOWRAH): A long drive that a group of eight young BPO executives went for on Saturday night turned fatal after the Scorpio in which they're travelling collided head-on with a loaded truck on NH 6 early Sunday morning. While six of the group died on the spot, two of them and the driver were fighting for their lives at different city hospitals when last report came in.The youngsters were all employees of two call centres, one of which is in New Alipore. Among those who died on the spot were 19-year-old Debalina Bal, a resident of Batanagar, Dipanjan Basu, 24, who lived in Garfa, Picnic Garden's Barsa Mahato, 22, Indranil Pal, 19, of Rabindrapally in Bansdroni, Barrackpore resident Ravi Jaiswara, 23, and Mohd Ibrahim, 27, from Thakurpukur.Nineteen-year-old Tamal Saha, a resident of Jodhpur Garden, Tollygunge resident Ambar Ali, 23, and 27-year-old driver Mohd Tajuddin, who lived in Watgunj, were admitted to different hospitals with serious injuries.Police suspect that the Scorpio driver, out of fatigue and lack of sleep, could have been a little less alert at 5 in the morning. He probably tried to avoid a ditch and lost control over the wheels. He then hit the divider near Domjur and went in front of the brick-laden truck coming from the opposite direction. Both the drivers tried desperately to avoid the collision. Slight drizzle made the road slippery and foggy condition made the matter worst, cops say.According to police, the eight youngsters had left Kolkata on Saturday night between 9pm and 10.30pm. They went straight to Kolaghat to have dinner at a well-known eatery off the highway. It is not very clear where they went from there, but they met with the accident on their way back to Kolkata.It is learnt that most of the victims were fresh in their profession. Debalina, for example, had joined the call centre just three months back. Her cousin Siddhartha Bal said: \"Though we are cousins, we are very close and live in the same house. She had an off on Saturday. She left home around 10.15pm, after her colleagues finished work. When she was leaving home last night, I asked her why she was going out so late in the night. She said she was going on a trip with her friends.\"Debalina's parents are both bank employees. Her father is currently out of town on an office tour. Her mother was too shocked to speak on Sunday after losing her only child.\"Debalina had informed before leaving that she would return only on Sunday morning. But when she wasn't home even around 10.30-11am this morning, we began to worry. When we called her on her mobile phone, a man picked up the phone and we were told that it was Domjur police station,\" Siddhartha said.\"Earlier my sister worked in an event management company, but that was a freelance job. This one was a real job in that sense and she had joined only three months back, and was enjoying it.\"Just like Debalina, Bansdroni resident Indranil was also the only child. He was still a student, but was working part time at the call centre, police said. Barsa lives in Ballygunge as a paying guest and was working in the call centre after passing out of school. Her home is in Bidhannagar Road of Picnic Garden.Ambar Ali - who is seriously injured and is fighting for life - lives in Tollygunge as a paying guest. His relative Nurzahat Reyaz said that Ambar was hit on the chest. Ambar, who originally hails from Asansol, has now been shifted to a private nursing home.\"We are inquiring into the incident and the exact circumstances in which it took place,\" said Howrah SP Bharat Lal Meena. Police are also on the lookout for the truck's driver and helper, who fled after the accident.It began with a Saturday night out with friends speeding along the highway on a long drive, dinner and fun, but ended in terrible tragedy on Sunday morning. Six youngsters - all of them aged between 19 to 24 years, including two women, and most of them residents of Kolkata - died in an accident on NH 6 at Howrah's Domjur when the Scorpio they were in, collided head on with a brick laden truck. The accident took place at 5 in the morning, and local people were shocked beyond belief to find the mangled bodies inside the completely smashed car. Three others, including the driver of the Scorpio, are fighting for life in different hospitals. The driver and helper of the truck, managed to escape.The youngsters are all employees of two call centres, one of which is in New Alipore. Debalina Bal (19), a resident of Batanagar, Dipanjan Basu (24), resident of Garfa in Jadavpur, Barsa Mahato (22), who lived on Bidhannagar Road in Picnic Garden, Indranil Pal (19), a resident of Rabindrapally in Bramhapur, Bansdroni and Ravi Jaiswara (23), who lived in Barrackpore, were identified as the five who died on the spot. Another person died later in Howrah district hospital and is yet to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16328591", "title": "Nagpur girls, Mumbai Suburban boys start favourites", "text": "NAGPUR: Big time badminton returns to Nagpur after a gap of three years. After a senior state championship in 2009, there was no major tournament in the city, depriving local badminton fans.However, from Monday to next Sunday, city fans can look forward to some of the most talented players of the country during the Gracelands Maharashtra state junior inter-district badminton championship which will get underway simultaneously at the University Subhedar Hall and YMCA Hall on Monday.The week-long tournament is being organized by the Nagpur District Badminton Association under the auspices of Maharashtra Badminton Association.Some of the big names in the national junior circuit like Harsheel Dani, Shlok Ramchandran, Kaushal Dharmamer, Chirag Shetty, Riya Pillai and Karishma Wadkar will display their talent for the first time in Nagpur.The Nagpur challenge will be led by Rasika Raje and Swatika Butey. The two talented city shuttlers will have to play a major role if Nagpur have to create history on their home turf.Nagpur girls have never won the inter-district title so far. But this year, with the team they have, experts are predicting the jinx will be broken for home side.\"We have a very good chance to win both U-17 and U-19 girls team titles. Both our teams are balanced and can compete with anyone. With Rasika in the U-19 side, we are hopeful of creating a history this time. Even our U-17 side looks the best in the state,\" said Nagpur coach Kiran Makode.Pune and Thane girls are the other teams which have the potential to upset city girls.Unlike the girls, Nagpur boys had won the state title three times before. The last time, Nagpur boys had triumphed was in 1996 when the tournament was held at Mulund (Mumbai), thanks to the efforts of Nishad Dravid and Amar Mohite.In the last 16 years, Nagpur boys have failed to make any substantial impact. This year too, it is likely to remain the same, considering the strength of Mumbai Suburban District Badminton Association (MSDBA). Harsheel, Shlok, Chirag and Kaushal form the deadly combination for MSDBA and they are expecting to sweep the boys team titles.The individual events will be held after the first three days of inter-district championship. Matches will begin at 8am at both the venues. MP Vijay Darda will formally inaugurate the tourney at 3.30pm on Monday. Shekhar Jadhao, chairman of major real estate firm Gracelands, which is sponsoring the championship, will be the guest of honour. NDBA president Balbir Singh Renu and secretary Mangesh Kashikar will preside over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329780", "title": "Viral epidemic grows unchecked", "text": "KANPUR: Occupied with the pulse polio campaign, health teams on Sunday appeared to have neglected the viral epidemic that has gripped rural areas of the district. Several people reportedly fell ill in Itara, Bhairampur, Dadhiya, Ishwariganj and Devnipur on the day, and were forced to travel to the city's health facilities for treatment.\"What else could we do? For the past two days, no sanitation worker visited the village and sanitation levels are again as poor as they were earlier. The ANM of the village remained busy with the pulse polio campaign and there were no visits by the doctors. This forced us to bring our ailing family persons to Kanpur,\" said Sanjay, a resident of Dadhiya. He said six other families from the village took their ill to city hospitals in search of better treatment.Sources said as many as five families from Itara and seven from Devaipur too came to the city in similar need, and the number of people falling sick in the villages is steadily on the rise. \"The doctors are giving all the patients three doses of paracetamol, which obviously doesn't work for all diseases. The rest of the tablets given by the health teams include some vitamin capsules. If one is suffering from stomachache, how is he going to get well with medicine for fever?\" questioned Bhairampur's Sonu.The villagers alleged that Kanpur Municipal Corporation is being lax, and has been underplaying the spurt of viral and vector borne diseases, largely to avoid responsibility.\"We can get the disease treated, but to stop its occurrence, the Kanpur Municipal Corporation must take adequate steps to prevent mosquito breeding. This is the peak season for mosquito breeding and spreading of viral infections. But Kmc is just not bothered. It needs to help create awareness about the need for proper sanitation and other measures to combat disease,\" said a heath department official, requesting anonymity.However, the city isn't much better when it comes to the dismal state of sanitation. Stagnant water and garbage lying in the open are creating extremely unhygienic living conditions in the city. According to the doctors, the spurt of diseases may be concentrated in the slums, but similar cases are being reported from the city's 'posh' areas as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16329929", "title": "Undaunted by rain, women take part in scooty rally", "text": "PATNA: Symbolizing women's empowerment, a first-of-its-kind Scooty rally for women, organized by Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh (BMUS), was flagged off on Sunday morning at 7.30 from governor's house.State industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha, who flagged off the rally and released 50 tricolour balloons in the air, told the participants, \"Such a rally is in itself a proof that the fair sex in the city now feels safe and independent.\"Smart rain in the morning could not dampen the spirits of participants. About 75 women, including housewives, professionals and students, in the age group of 16-55 years, registered themselves for the 30- minute rally that concluded at Sri Krishna Memorial hall.Sukhda Pandey, art, culture and youth affairs minister, who was also present on the occasion, while appreciating the initiative taken by BMUS said, \"Mental empowerment of women is very important for their overall development. Such a rally and the number of women coming out of their homes and participating in it is a clear example that the condition of women has changed in Bihar and that they feel safe.\"All the participants were carrying various messages on their Scooty, appealing to people to change their outlook towards girl child. \"Shiksha hamein banati hai, shoshan se bachati hai\", \"aaiyen hum sab mil ke ladkiyon ki khareed bikri evam shoshan ko roken\", \"nayee sadi me badhna hai, har beti ko padhna hai\", \"beti ko marwaoge toh dulhan kahan se paaoge?\" were some of the slogans.After the rally concluded, all participants received a participation certificates and surprise gifts. They also received a coupon for one litre petrol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16332767", "title": "Two children drown in Pirojpur canal in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sonal Thakor of Piyaj village in Kalol taluka had gone to her uncle's home in Pirojpur in Kadi taluka to meet him with her two children on Saturday.While on her way back, she felt thirsty and wanted to freshen herself. she and the two children Siddhiraj, one year, and Komal, 5 years, climbed down the water canal in Pirojpur.They were to board a bus to their village in some time.Sonal, however, slipped and the two children also fell. While she was saved both children died. The boy surfaced after a few hours while the girl was found after a frantic search of 22 hours.Passersby have a different version to tell of the incident. Eyewitnesses claim that the woman had tried to commit suicide with her two children. \"There is no way that one would enter a canal to drink water and to freshen up as the water is not potable owing to its muddy constituents as its rainwater.,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16328544", "title": "Hyderabad heading for severe water crunch", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad seems to be heading for a severe water crunch in the coming months. The cause for this dismal scenario is not the elusive monsoon that results in scanty rainfall but the complacence of the state government and the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board (HMWSSB) in taking up Krishna Water Supply Project Phase III in time. The authorities have lost almost six to seven years in launching the work on Phase III due to the initial reluctance of the government to take up this project.It was the vision of the then chief minister M Channa Reddy that the twin cities have been able to survive today with the augmentation of the water supply from Krishna under Phases I and II. After a technical committee studied the issue of long-term water supply to the state capital by looking at alternative sources of the Krishna and Godavari, Channa Reddy had okayed the Krishna water supply scheme in three phases. Subsequently, during the time of Kotla Vijayabhaskar Reddy, the foundation for Krishna Water Supply project was laid in 1994.After dilly-dallying on the project for some time, N Chandrababa Naidu hastened the pace of work on Phase I and that is how Hyderabad was spared the spectre of turning into a ghost city with no water supply for 80 per cent of its residents in 2004. Over the years, the traditional sources of water supply for Hyderabad __ Osmansagar, Himayatsagar, Manjira and Singur __ have turned virtually unreliable with monsoon failures occurring too often. In fact, the Osmansagar and the Himayatsagar have gone dry for some years even as supply from the Manjira and the Singur had to be reduced due to less inflows.The Krishna water supply project was envisaged to bring 16.5 tmc of water to Hyderabad from the Nagarjunasagar in three phases of 90 million gallons a day (MGD) or 5.5 tmc in each phase. Phase I was completed in 2004 and Phase II in 2008. The government was to launch the work on Phase III in 2005 itself but the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhar Reddy was not inclined to take up Phase III. Instead, the government sanctioned an ambitious scheme to bring the Godavari water to Hyderabad under the Chevella-Pranahita project in 2008. Godavari drinking water supply project was also envisaged in three phases of 10 tmc each. Under Phase I of this scheme, 172 MGD of water is to be drawn from Yellampally barrage, at a project cost of Rs 3,375 crore. Krishna Phase III was virtually kept in abeyance during this time with work on Godavari Phase I being executed on a war-footing.YSR's successors K Rosaiah and N Kiran Kumar Reddy, however, realized that Krishna Phase III cannot be abandoned as it would bring immediate benefits to the city, unlike Godavari project which is likely to take many more years. But by the time the government decided to give the nod for Krishna Phase III, the project cost has almost doubled to Rs 1,670 crore. It is only three weeks ago that the government tied up a loan of Rs 1,500 crore from Hudco for taking up this scheme. A few days ago, the government has permitted the HMWS&SB; to seek financial assistance of Rs 170 crore from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).For last three years, works on the Godavari project Phase-I are going on at a brisk pace. Three packages costing Rs 2,862 crore have been awarded to contractors. Works valued at Rs 1,653 crore have been completed and contractors have been paid Rs 1,254 crore so far. If all goes well, the HMWSSB is hopeful of commissioning Godavari Phase I in time by 2014. However, the problem is not with the completion of works but with the availability of water in the source (Yellampally barrage). Out of the sanctioned capacity of Yellampally barrage, hardly any quantity of water is allocated for Hyderabad water supply, even though storage reservoirs are being built and pipelines are laid to convey the water to the state capital. Right now, the dependable drawals from existing sources are only 271 MGD, leaving a gap of 188 MGD vis-a-vis the demand of 459 MGD. By 2014, the demand is expected to shoot up to 491 MGD. Unless the Krishna Water Supply Phase III is completed on a war-footing in the next two years, the gap may increase to 221 MGD, forcing the HMWS&SB; to go in for water supply once in three or four days in core areas and once a week in other areas.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16330106", "title": "Displaced Pakistanis to get Indian citizenship", "text": "JAIPUR: Hope has been rekindled in thousands of Pakistanis displaced from their country, who are now living in the state, after the centre's decision to grant Indian citizenship to those living here for 7 years.It is estimated there are around 3,000 such displaced Pakistanis in the state, with a majority of them residing in Jodhpur. About 919 live in Jodhpur, 500 in Barmer, 250 each in Sriganganagar and Bikaner and 150 in Jaisalmer.Jogdas Bhil (80), who came to India from Pakistan in 1999 along with nine family members, could not apply for Indian citizenship during the last camp held in 2004 as his stay in India was 15 days short of the mandatory seven years.A resident of Jodhpur now, he and his family can hardly wait for the process to begin.\"We have been here for nearly 15 years and don't want to go back to Pakistan ever but we still can't call ourselves Indian citizens. The wait to get Indian citizenship seems to be finally over,'' said Bhil.Another resident of Jodhpur, Pradeep Bhil was 10 when his family shifted here from Sindh in 1999. \"We faced a lot of problems, from getting admission in schools to getting jobs. Finally, everything will be sorted out,'' said Pradeep, adding that the family decided to permanently stay in India following religious harassment in the neighbourin country.The government has asked the administration to send applications of such Pakistanis online. Those whose applications are pending needn't apply again. The concerned clerks will be called from tehsils along with applications and documents and staff at the national information centre at district headquarters to fill the online applications. The online formalities would be completed between September 12 and September 14.Seemant Lok Sangathan president Hindu Singh Sodha, who has been trying since long to get Indian citizenship for Pak displaced Hindus. The only dampener is that the citizenship fee according to different rules is Rs 3,000-Rs 20,000 per person. People who've migrated with their families will face problems in arranging for such a big amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16328988", "title": "Goa second best in higher education access", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has 24.59 institutes of higher education available per lakh for its youth in the age group of 18 to 23. Goa has also provided this age group the best access to engineering and technical colleges after Andhra Pradesh.This was revealed in the University Grants Commission's (UGC) latest report analyzing higher education trends and challenges in India. Compiled by UGC vice-chairperson Ved Prakash the report shows that though higher education might not be up to the desirable level in Goa, it is definitely one of the best available in the country in terms of access.\"Access to engineering and technical colleges is relatively high in Andhra Pradesh (2.59) followed by Goa (2.34), Karnataka (1.86), Kerala (1.81), Chandigarh (1.59), Maharashtra (1.56), Sikkim (1.41) and Tamil Nadu (1.27),\" the report states. Along with these states, Goa also has relatively good availability of medical seats as against most other regions in India, the report states.Goa is among 14 states that have better access available to higher education than the national average of 12.14. The situation in Goa is heartening when the UGC report notes that in the rest of the country, barring these 14 states, stark inequality prevails in access to higher education despite there being an overall expansion in number of new colleges being set up at a rapid pace.The study also reveals that Goa ranks second in the country after Chandigarh in terms of gross enrolment ratio with over 13% of its young population enrolled in colleges. In 14 states, the gross enrolment ratio was less than 10% and less than 7% in Jammu &amp; Kashmir and most of the north eastern states. This makes Goa's position appear desirable.From P!The coastal state is far behind Chandigarh, where close to 30% of the young population is enrolled in institutes of higher education.\"The state government has provided tremendous accessibility of higher education institutes to its population and in Goa the concentration is not only city-based. In terms of money too, accessibility is good. The fee structure has been kept at an affordable level and various scholarships, interest free loans and schemes to SC and ST are provided. The state's small geographical area has also proven beneficial. The state can still improve its enrolment further and we are aiming to oust Chandigarh from the top spot,\" higher education director Bhaskar Nayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16329837", "title": "Don\u2019t delay larger role for Rahul: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when major changes are on the cards in the Congress and the UPA government, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said the party should not delay giving a larger role to Rahul Gandhi.\"He (Rahul) should get an opportunity. He should assume bigger responsibility as soon as possible. The whole country is waiting... But at the end, it's a decision of the Congress,\" Akhilesh told a TV channel when asked whether Rahul would make a good prime minister.The UP CM argued that Congress should not keep the matter hanging any more and the young Gandhi should be given bigger responsibility.Though many in Congress's top brass have echoed similar sentiments, the call has come for the first time from an ally supporting the UPA government.Interestingly, Akhilesh and Rahul, both new generation leaders, fought fiercely in UP assembly polls to reestablish dominance of their parties in the politically crucial state.With the end of the stormy monsoon session of Parliament, Congress high command has to take a call on a reshuffle both in the party and the government which is seen as important to dispel the notion of policy paralysis and counter opposition's charge of corruption. Congress chief Sonia Gandhi will return from abroad on Monday after a routine medical check-up.Rahul is expected to be given a key position in the party, making the line of succession clear, while the option of Rahul joining the government is also open.The reshuffle, expected by the month-end, is imminent considering a lot of vacancies in the Cabinet and there are indications that many ministers wish to go back to the party and work with Rahul.Though Akhilesh supported Rahul's accession, he kept Congress guessing on the SP leadership's constant refrain to party cadre to be ready for polls and on support to the UPA government. \"Parties should always be ready for polls and keep the cadre ready. Little time is left for parliamentary polls,\" he said.Akhilesh argued that his party was supporting Congress for its secular plank, but it had to answer for 2G scam , Coalgate and price rise. For the first time, the UP CM came up with a brazen defence of inclusion of more than 12 MLAs with criminal charges as ministers in his government. \"The charges were slapped by a vindictive Mayawati government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333432", "title": "A party to celebrate new beginnings!", "text": "It's not just about the long-pending monsoons, which have finally arrived in the city, that has given Barodians a reason to celebrate. It's also raining freshers' parties in the city, just in keeping with the spirit of the several interesting parties that the city has been witnessing of late.One such happening freshers' party was organized by the students of IT and management from Baroda Institute of Management Studies (BIMS), a leading institute of management studies, at Only Parathas.While there was no particular theme for the party, the youngsters had been told by their seniors to be at their 'colorful best' and they certainly followed the instructions!Next was the interaction with the seniors, where the students were asked to be themselves, and it turned out to be a fun-filled little session indeed. Once all that was done, it was time to let their hair down and merrily groove away to the tracks being played by the DJ, and everyone enjoyed to the hilt. Also, prizes were given away at the end of the dance party to the best freshers of the evening.The delicious dinner spread was just the icing on the cake, and everyone went home happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16330033", "title": "Male infant found abandoned in Ramanathapuram district", "text": "MADURAI: A male infant was found thrown into the bushes in a village in Ramanathapuram district on Sunday. The baby has been admitted to the ICU of the government hospital.Police said Murugesan of Pattanamkathan in Ramanathapuram had been walking near a field with overgrown thorny bushes, when he heard the sound of an infant crying. He looked around and after sometime found an infant, about two days old and with its naval chord intact, crying and looking dehydrated. It is suspected that the mother gave birth and abandoned the infant in the bushes.Murugesan informed the authorities and the 108 ambulance took the infant to the Ramanathapuram government hospital, where it was admitted to the ICU owing to breathing difficulties.Police are investigating in the region to find out why the infant was abandoned and making inquiries in houses where there were pregnant women in the last one month. It is not known if the mother of the infant was from that area or whether she hailed from another place and had abandoned him there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16330316", "title": "Krishna points to LeT chief\u2019s free run in Pak", "text": "LAHORE: Foreign minister S M Krishna used his visit to Pakistan to drive home an anti-terrorism message with the opposition just as he did with the federal government, pointedly referring to 26/11 main accused Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed's presence in Punjab during his meeting with chief minister Shahbaz Sharif on Sunday.Krishna told the Punjab CM, who is ex-PM Nawaz Sharif's brother, that Saeed is able to move around freely despite India repeatedly urging action against him.Shahbaz dodges call on Hafiz SaeedShahbaz Sharif, chief minister of Pakistan's Punjab province on Sunday sought to deflect Indian foreign minister S M Krishna's implied suggestion that his government act against Saeed by saying that India should present evidence against the Lashkar chief to the federal government.Sharif is believed to have said that as head of a provincial government, he had a limited mandate in such a case as the terror attacks on Mumbai.According to sources, Sharif said he did not believe in distinguishing between \"good and bad terrorists\" and spoke of Nawaz Sharif \u2014 who heads the Pakistan Muslim League (N) \u2014 having made a clear denunciation of terror. Although Sharif couched his response carefully, Krishna made clear his emphasis that Pakistan must tackle terrorism against India as he did with the ruling Pakistan People's Party-led regime in Islamabad .The meeting with Nawaz Sharif over lunch lasted around two hours and saw the two leaders agree on the need to improve India-Pakistan ties with the chief minister saying opportunities had been lost in the past.He tended to blame Musharraf dictatorship for interrupting peace and keeping the civilian leadership at bay.Sharif' delegation comprised business leaders and discussions saw considerable interest being expressed over possibilities of increased trade with Punjab seeing itself as a likely beneficiary given its proximity to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16329617", "title": "'Peace must be ensured for business to flourish'", "text": "Ethnic conflicts, communalism, riots, bandhs, militancy and poverty have stymied the development of the northeast though it has immense potential for growth in terms of natural and human resources. In the absence of industry, there is largescale unemployment and poverty. Rajnish Kumar, chief general manager of the State Bank of India (NE Circle), talks to Saugata Ghosh Dastidar about what ails the northeast and his bank's plans for the regionQ: What do you think is crucial for bringing about all-round development in the northeast?A: Industrialization is the key to the progress of any region and, for this to happen, the necessary infrastructure needs to be in place. I feel more people in the region should take to entrepreneurship and the SBI is ready to fund any such venture after assessing its commercial viability. The state government should also play a supportive role. But, for all this to happen, peace needs to be ensured, without which business can't flourish.Q: Recently, Assam witnessed a spate of bandhs called in protest against the violence in Bodoland, forcing the government to ban all strikes for a month. Do you think it is a step in the right direction?A: I am happy with the decision. Bandhs can't be an option to solve problems plaguing the state. If anybody has a grievance, it should be solved through discussion. It's the daily-wagers who are the worst-hit as salaried employees, whether in government or private sector, will get their paycheck at the end of the month.Q: What needs to be done to improve things in Bodoland?A: I think community leaders have a crucial role to play in instilling confidence among people hit by ethnic riots so they can start their lives afresh.Q: What is SBI doing to help the northeast and its people?A: The bank is involved in a number of welfare activities in the region. To begin with, the floods wreaked havoc in the state this year and we donated Rs 2 crore to the chief minister's relief fund to help the affected people. This was sort of a trendsetter as many corporates came forward to help after us. We have also donated an ambulance and installed 5,800 fans and 585 water purifiers in many schools of NE. We are also planning to plant 50,000 saplings across the seven NE states. All these ventures fall under our corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative. One per cent of the bank's net profit is spent on CSR, which comes to Rs 110 crore for the country.Q: You have held various positions in SBI and your last posting before coming to Guwahati was in London. Can any of the development models implemented by the bank there be replicated in NE?A: It's a completely different scenario out here. What is good for London may not be worth for the NE as the socio-economic fabric of the two places is vastly different. So, we need to have a customised growth model for the region.Q: What's the staff strength of SBI in the region? Is it giving job opportunities to NE youths?A: SBI has 9,500 employees in the NE region. We are going to recruit 1,100 people for clerical posts soon. Preference will be given to locals but they have to qualify in a written test and an interview first.Q: You have talked about entrepreneurship. But there is a common perception that people of the NE have a laidback attitude. How do you view it in this context?A: Things have changed. The youths of the region are as aspiring as youngsters in other states of the country. When you see your neighbour doing well in life, it's quite natural for you to wish that you could also lead the same kind of life. This aspiration is the driving force to achieve success.Q: What is SBI doing to increase its visibility in the northeast?A: We are opening customer service branches and are also refurbishing our existing branches to offer a good ambience to customers. The stress is on opening more ATMS and promoting internet banking to avoid rush at the bank branches. Besides, there are green channel counters where people can do transactions without any paperwork by just swiping their card in the machine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329727", "title": "Gear up for humidity: Met department", "text": "KANPUR: Clear skies and a sudden rise in mercury after a downpour in the city led to increased humidity in the atmosphere on Saturday. The met department has said while there are no signs of the monsoons retreating, citizens are in for a hot and humid week ahead.The city has received 18.5mm average rains in the past 48 hours. Around 14 mm rainfall is expected in the next 48 hours. Talking to TOI, Anirudh Dubey, the meteorologist at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said monsoon showed some retreat in the third week of August, but the easterlies winds are once again back in the region.\"The monsoon showed strong comeback in the last week of August. This will lead to more than average rainfall this month. Some days might be sunny, but rains will continue lashing the city,\" said Dubey.In the initial predictions of the met department, the rains in September were expected to be 80% of the normal. The normal average rains for the region in September is 179 mm. After the advent of easterlies winds, 85% to 125% of normal rains could be expected this month.The average rains received by the region till now is 28.4 mm, informed the met expert. Meanwhile, the maximum temperature recorded on Saturday was 34 degrees which was four degrees greater than the previous day. The minimum temperature too observed a rise and was recorded at 24.9 degree Celsius.The humidity recorded in the morning and afternoon was 94% and 59% respectively. The maximum and minimum temperatures are expected to stay between 30 degree and 26 degrees respectively in the coming weeks. The humidity will also remain high, hovering between 90% to 70% in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16330459", "title": "New exchange programme for scientists", "text": "A new scientist exchange programme will allow approximately 25 scientists to participate in exchange visits between India and Denmark every year. Tirna Ray reports. When it comes to scientific talent, India is increasingly being perceived as a global superpower. A population of 1.3 billion, more than 500 universities and more than 12 million students undoubtedly serve as a cradle for talent. With this in mind, Novozymes and the Holck-Larsen Foundation have joined forces to work with Danish universities to set up a scientist exchange programme between India and Denmark.GS Krishnan, regional president-India , Novozymes South Asia , elaborates to say that while there is growing awareness about the sustainable industrial biotechnology in India, it needs further support to grow to its full potential. He adds to say that scientific collaboration is the good fit, given India's scientific talent and Denmark's expertise in the area of biotechnology . \"This programme will help to give the scientists a global perspective and foster innovation and collaboration between the two countries in this significant area.\"The programme will focus on the projects in the field of advanced technological applications/industrial biotechnology. According to Krishnan, there is a strong potential especially for industrial biotechnology solutions in emerging economies like India due to the increasing concern around the environment and climate change issues and the recognition of the need for more sustainable solutions. Will Denmark enhance the experience for Indian scientists? Denmark , says Krishnan, has done good work in the area of sustainable biotechnology. On the other hand, he informs, industrial biotechnology, while it holds huge potential for India, is still in its nascent stage.\"We live at a time when resources are becoming scarce, populations and consumption are growing , and climate change and food security are growing concerns on the political agenda. The need for more sustainable solutions and green growth is obvious. Industrial bio-solutions can help India achieve more efficient use of raw materials , reduce energy consumption, strengthen food and energy security, replace harsh chemicals with more sustainable alternatives and offer higher-quality products. For instance, enzymes can replace many of the harsh chemicals used in some of the most polluting industries,\" says Krishnan.This scientific collaboration aims to further provide exposure to the scientists in India in the field of advanced technological application by giving them an international work experience. The programme will further strengthen connections between Danish and Indian professors/labs and foster innovation. The programme will run from 2013 to 2019, and each year it will allow approximately 25 scientists to participate in exchange visits between India and Denmark. The funds will be managed by the Technical University of Denmark, the University of Copenhagen and Aarhus University.At a glance - India-Denmark collaborationHow does one apply?Danish Technical University, University of Copenhagen and Aarhus University will collaborate with Indian universities. Identified Indian universities would forward applications to the Danish university. The Danish university, based on the applications received from the universities, will make a prioritised list of scientists who are considered eligible for grantsEligibility criteriaThe programme will focus on exchange of PhD students, but may also include exchange of Master's students, postdoctorates and senior scientists. Candidates must have excellent scientific skills and a global mindset enabling them to thrive in a foreign culture. Scientists must work in the field of biotechnology \u2014 specifically, the study of advanced technological application that uses biological systems, living organisms or derivatives for industrial or scientific use, excluding technology for pharma applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16330150", "title": "College principal\u2019s body fished out of lake", "text": "HYDERABAD: The body of a college principal surfaced in Hussainsagar on Sunday with the case being described as one of suicide. The victim, Dr Paturi Ravi, 47, was the principal of Aurora Degree and PG College in Chikkadpally. His body was found near the Sailing Club on Sunday. Based on the physical features and the clothes, Ramgopalpet police alerted the family members of the deceased who have identified the body as being that of the principal's.According to police, Ravi left his Tarnaka residence at about 9am on Friday. Getting into the autorickshaw which his family and he would regularly hire, he told the driver to take him to Necklace Road.\"After reaching Necklace Road, Ravi handed over his wallet, cellphone, wristwatch, gold ring to the auto driver and told him to hand it over to his wife, Megha Malini,\" said Ramgopalpet sub-inspector (SI) K Raghunath Kumar.When the driver delivered the above articles to her, Malini became suspicious and immediately rushed to Necklace Road accompanied by family-members to look for Ravi. But although they scoured the entire Necklace Road, Tank Bund, Hussainsagar area for him, his family-members could not trace Ravi. After the body was identified, police shifted it to Gandhi Hospital for a post-mortem.During the preliminary investigation, police found that for the past few years Ravi had been facing problems in his marital life and believe that could the reason behind the suicide.\"There was no suicide note. Family-members of the victim said that Ravi had some differences with his wife, but we decided not to delve into the details right away as all of them are in a state of shock,\" Kumar said.Ravi had married Malini 15 years back and the couple has three daughters the eldest of whom is 15-years-old. Ravi finished his PhD from the department of Commerce in Osmania University and he had been been serving as principal of Aurora college since 1999.Police have booked a case under section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329792", "title": "Kanpur Zoo introduces feed enrichment techniques for animals", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Kanpur Zoological Garden have introduced feed enrichment techniques as part of enclosure enrichment plan.Initially, it has been implemented in Himalayan black bear enclosure. It keeps the animal engaged also provides it with fun while looking for food.One of the activities being undertaken in the bear enclosure is frozen fruits.Explaining about the method of giving frozen food to the bear, Kanpur Zoo director Praveen Rao said that fruits of the animal's choice like guava, banana and carrot and nuts and raisins are put in a plastic bucket containing water. The bucket is kept in a deep freezer.Once frozen, it the bucket is placed in the enclosure of the Himalayan black bear at a vantage position so that even the visitors can have a glimpse of it. Then the animal is allowed to approach the frozen fruits. The animal loves to break the ice and searches for fruits, vegetables and raisins, said Zoo Director further.The animal spends more than an hour to break the ice. This keeps it active and busy.In another activity, small holes are dug up in the enclosure and raw potatoes are placed in it and covered with soil.The black bear has well-developed olfactory senses. It smells and digs out the potatoes. In this way, the animal gets some exercise.Soaked gram are sprinkled inside the enclosure of black bear. The animal tries to search for the grains and gets involved in the activity.Unpeeled coconut is given to the animal. It peels the coconut to enjoy the juice.The zoo authorities have planned to create a honey pillar will be created in the enclosure of the Himalayan black bear. A steel cup with a nozzle will be placed inside the pillar and covered with a lid to lock it. Some honey will be placed in the cup so that it can trickle down along the nozzle which could be licked by the animal.The director said that several techniques and activities would be introduced in the enclosures of different animals in the near future in order to keep them fit and healthy and search for the food as they do in the forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329223", "title": "Thief falls to death in Hadapsar factory", "text": "PUNE: A youth, who was a petty thief on police records, was found dead on the premises of a factory located in the Hadapsar industrial estate on Sunday afternoon.The deceased has been identified as Sunil Sahberao Ukirade (24). Senior police inspector of the Hadapsar police station Raghunath Jadhav said the police suspect that Ukirade may have entered the factory to commit a theft in the wee hours of Sunday and may have fallen to his death from the 20-feet-high roof while trying to make an escape. \"Ukirade died due to severe head injuries,\" Jadhav said.The incident came to light on Sunday afternoon, when the owner of the company, Prakash Oswal, noticed Ukirade's body lying on the premises of the factory. He sent the body to a nearby private hospital and informed the police.Ukirade was convicted in 2010 for stealing around 100 kgs of copper from the same company. \"He also has cases of theft and burglaries registered against him at the Wanowrie and Hadapsar police stations,\" Jadhav added.Pappu Ukirade, Ukirade's elder brother, told TOI that the two had quarreled on Saturday evening. \"I told him to leave his bad habits and start work somewhere. However, he did not listen to me and left the house at night,\" Pappu said. He said he was informed about the incident around 2 pm on Sunday. \"His body had been taken away by the time I reached the spot. I don't how he died,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16329865", "title": "Work on govt Cyberpark to commence in October", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The construction work of the government-sponsored Cyberpark Kozhikode, billed as the pivot of the IT infrastructure of north Kerala on the lines of the Technopark in Thiruvananthapuram and Infopark in Kochi, will commence in the first week of October after a two-year delay.Though the foundation stone of the project was laid in May 2010, the work did not start due to design flaws and technical issues which led to cancellation of the contract awarded to KRR Infra Projects, Hyderabad for construction of first IT Building of 2.5 lakh sq.ft.The work got held up further as KRR Infra Projects moved the high court against the cancellation of the contract.According to sources, KRR Infra has emerged as the winner in the retendering of the project held recently. The meeting of the Board of Governance of Cyberpark Kozhikode, scheduled to be held on September 17, will hand over the contract to the company itself.\"We expect to obtain sanction from the high court to award the new contract to the company in the last week of September and hopefully we can start work on the project in the first week of October,\" K G Girish Babu CEO of Cyberpark, told TOI.The new contract would see the setting up of a 2.8 lakh sq.ft. main IT building at a cost of Rs 37 crore. According to sources the new contract has increased the cost effectiveness apart from removing the design flaws.Meanwhile the government is planning to lease out land in the Cyberpark to private investors for leasing out to IT/ITES companies.Projects for setting up of three IT buildings, apart from a commercial building and hotel projects are slated to come up at the land acquired for the government project.Two residential apartment buildings are also planned to be set up as part of the Cyberpark.The projects will be showcased at the upcoming Emerging Kerala summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333723", "title": "Prabhas\u2019s Rebel release to be postponed again?", "text": "With just four days to go for the official audio launch of Prabhas's Rebel, the film's unit is busy with the preparations. It is learnt that the filmmakers are planning a massive audio launch in multiple centers at that. The producers recently announced that the film will be releasing on September 28, but seems like they are considering postponing the release of the film by one week. However it is not confirmed yet and an official announcement is expected to made on the day of the music launch.Even if the filmmakers do decide to postpone the film it would not come as a big surprise as the film has been in the making for well over a year and a half now. Tamannaah is playing the lead in this mass entertainer directed by Raghava Lawrence. Touted to be the most expensive film in Prabhas's career the film has big expectations riding on it as Prabhas's last release Mr Perfect turned out to be a hit.J Bhagawan and J Pulla Rao are jointly producing the movie and are expected to take a final decision about the release soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16329797", "title": "RBI to organize all-India quiz competition", "text": "KANPUR: To promote literacy at school level, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will organize an all-India RBI inter school quiz from September 10, 2012.The quiz will be for the students of class IX th to XII th and it would be known as Reserve Bank (RB) 'IQ'uotient informed chief general manager RBI, Alpana Killawala. The general manager informed that the quiz was being conducted to create an awareness and interest about history and role of Reserve Bank about banking and finance, other banking institutions, economics, current affairs, personalities and events that had contributed to the growth and progress of India over years.The basic idea was to recognize and encourage bright young students on a national platform.The quiz will be conducted by Barry O Brien, and his team mate Ryan Shaw. The questions will be on Reserve bank of India, Indian banking, history, banking accounting, finance, trade, and commerce, India's economy, economics, common business terms, India's achievements over the last 77 year and some general knowledge and current affairs.The chief general manager apprised that after the elimination round in more than 30 cities of the country the zonal finals would be conducted in mid November, 2012 and the final would be held at Mumbai in the third week of December 2012. The winners would be given attractive prizes from reserve bank governor.Divya Mishra elected president of AND Girls' College : Divya Mishra was elected as president of the student council of AND Girls Degree College by defeating Tanu Singh by three votes.Ranjana Dwivedi was elected general secretary.She defeated Rahila by three votes. Uma Singh was elected as cultural secretary. Saba Abbas and Swapnil Kamal were elected as vice-president and joint secretary.Election officer Renu Nigam said that out of 46 voters, 40 came to cast vote.A section of girls tried to create ruckus and demanded to conduct elections through direct process but they were told that the elections were held according to the recommendations of Lyngdoh committee. The girls got convinced and ended the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16330416", "title": "Rajapaksa coalition wins Tamil turf polls", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka's ruling UPFA on Sunday won key elections in three of the country's nine provinces, including a victory in the Tamil and Muslim dominated eastern state that was once an LTTE stronghold, where the Mahinda Rajapaksa-led coalition defeated the main Tamil party Tamila National Alliance (TNA). While UPFA won comfortable majorities \u2014 49 out of 77 seats \u2014 in the Sinhalese-dominated north central province and south central Sabaragamuva provincial councils, it also managed to emerge as the single largest party in the multi-ethnic eastern province , above the ethnic Tamil party. The results were a setback to the TNA, once a proxy of LTTE, that was banking on Tamil support to be voted to power in the former battleground state where the Tamil Tigers were defeated in 2007. The more keenly watched fight was in the multi- ethnic eastern provincial council, where the election had been billed as a test of the political inclination of the Tamils in the aftermath of a military end to their demand for self rule. In the eastern provincial council, the UPFA emerged as the single largest party winning 14 seats in the 37-member council, while the TNA won 11 seats, and the UNP won 4 seats. The Sri Lanka Muslim Congress (SLMC), that is in alliance with the rulian coalition at the Centre but fought the provincial election independently , won 7 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16328620", "title": "Premium watches in Vogue", "text": "INDORE: Watches are no more the mere instrument to check time or date. They are a part of fashion statement and with stones and gems are possessions that are flaunted. Premium watches are taking a fancy to Indoreans like never before. High end watches are becoming a fashion statement and finding more and more takers. The surge in demand has also made the multinational watch brands to take note. Some are setting up their shops or planning to expand operations.The demand for premium watches has gone up by 60% to 70% in the last four years, say market observers. Though the top brands are available online, still the buyers prefer the traditional method of purchase by visiting the shop and having a feel of the product before purchasing. It is difficult to find guarantee like post-sales service and genuineness of the product while making online purchase.Karan Mittal, an industrialist who is the proud owner of Breguet and who has plans to have complete range of premium watches in future, says, \"Being male members of the elite class, we should also have some privileges and premium wrist watches are the only space where we can have an edge over our female counterparts, when it comes to show our personality\".Pintu Chhabra, owner of a shopping mall, who got purchased Rolex on the occasion of his daughter's wedding of late, says, \"One shouldn't link watches to their value. Rather, the use of premium watches gives you a sense of richness.\"Darpan Anand, director, Punjab Jewellers, which claims to be the sole official retailer of premium watches in the city, told TOI, \"Premium segment watches have become a fashion statement of the day as they represent one's personality. People have understood the importance of these watches. Those sporting exotic watches are normally considered to be smart.\"Raj Mangal, a hotelier, says, \"I do have passion to have a good collection of premium watches\". Still, he is shy to reveal any further information about it.Then there are those that are unable to find premium watches of their choice in Indore and hence they have to travel abroad to quench their appetite.Raj Bhasin, a businessman who had travelled to Dubai to get his premium watch of his choice, says, \"I know one of my friends in the USA who had to lose his million dollar worth contract, merely because of the fact that he was spotted with an ordinary watch at the time of dealing with the company. This trend has entered India too.\"Kaushal Seth, an exporter, says, \"Whenever I am in abroad, I have whale of time to roam around and buy premium watches of my choice as the same I may find it difficult at one place at Indore.\"Keeping it in view, both Punjab Jewellers and Avadhi have plans to come up with new outlets, completed devoted to premium watches. Though they are keeping mum over their investment plan. Still, sources said that one will be able to find watches with a price tag of upto Rs 1 crore in these new outlets.Narendra Saini, store manager, Avadhi, says, \"We are opening a showroom for premium segment watches shortly, where you can find high-end watches having price tag of upto Rs 60 lakh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16330088", "title": "No coal linkage for units below 200MW", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of shortage of coal in the country, union ministry of power (MoP) has issued a circular that units having generation capacity below 200MW will not get coal linkage from Coal India Limited (CIL) subsidiaries and Singareni Coalfields Limited. However, this is not applicable to units that use a mix of coal and biomass as fuel.The cap of 200MW is applicable to units of central government undertakings, state government generation companies as well as private power companies.A Mahagenco officer said that even though India had adequate coal reserves, due to problems in acquiring land and getting environmental clearance, production had got delayed in many coal blocks by four to five years. \"This has completely disturbed the planning. The controversy over coal block allocation may lead to further delays.\"The official further said that most power companies, whether state-run or private, were going in for big units. \"Many companies are installing 660MW units. Others are going in for 500MW or 250MW units. Mahagenco is not installing any unit below 250MW capacity, so we will not be affected.\"The smaller units are being installed by medium-sized private companies. \"Many of them have been allocated captive coal blocks. However, in case they do not have blocks, they will have to buy coal through e-auction, which is quite costly,\" he said.If the primary fuel of a unit is biomass, then 15% coal linkage will be provided for such units having capacity of 10MW and above. For units generating power on coal washery rejects, with a ratio of coal to reject of 22 to 78, linkage will be provided to units of 50MW and above. A cogeneration based unit should have capacity of 10MW and above for getting a coal linkage.At least 60% of coal reserve will be given to government plants, 35% to private plants and 5% to captive plants.Due to various problems, production had got delayed in many coal blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16328398", "title": "Navi Mumbai may have to wait some more for tree census", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Even as the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) claims that a tree census has been overdue only for the last six to eight months, the tree count could be actually delayed by more than a year.However, the NMMC seems to be at a loss to explain the lapse. The varied reasoning attributed range from model code of conduct for elections to several constitutional bodies to a cavalier approach.The last survey was done in 2006, which was also the first for the civic body since it was formed in 1992. Under the Maharashtra Urban Area Protection And Prevention Of Trees Act, 1975, a tree survey has to be conducted every five years. NMMC sources said that the civic body had last year decided to conduct a survey through satellite imaging. \"A tendering process was undertaken. However, it was later decided to take a fresh stock of the cost involved in the exercise even as other civic bodies used satellite imaging, sources said.It was contended that the budgetary provision for the survey was Rs 50 lakh whereas the satellite imaging would cost nearly Rs 2 crore to Rs 3 crore. \"The cost is prohibitive,\" the civic body had observed. However, tree lovers said, \"NMMC can spend hundreds of crores on infrastructure projects but cannot afford a small amount, which actually works out to a pittance. Besides, satellite imaging is more efficient and convenient to store the data. It also helps in immediate cross-checking of felling of trees.\"J N Sinnarkar, deputy municipal commissioner, who was recently transferred from the garden department, said, \"Tree authority has decided to conduct the census manually. The census has been delayed by nearly six months due to the model code of conduct, but work will start soon. The standing committee has given a go-ahead and the general body will soon approve it.\"However, Vithal More, four-time corporator of the ruling NCP and member of the committee, differed. \"The decision to conduct the survey manually or by satellite is still flexible. The committee meeting is scheduled next month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16331133", "title": "Fake heritage items force UT to form panel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarha's total heritage count is pegged at 12,000 pieces of furniture, sketches, drawings and tapestries. But many of these are replicas and now the administration will constitute an expert committee to distinguish the originals so that these could be preserved.UT urban planning department has prepared a detailed inventory of the heritage items lying in stores of various government departments.Even though the proposal to refurbish these heritage pieces and showcase these at different museums in the city was taken, most experts are of the view that many of the items on the list would be replicas. Separate inventories have been made of furniture and sketches etc as part of a detailed identification exercise that spanned over a year. Photographs of heritage items and video CDs were sent to government departments to dig out heritage items. Besides, the department of urban planning was directed to provide a copy of the catalogue of heritage furniture items being auctioned by international auction houses at various platforms.In the varsity itself, as many as 19 departments had confirmed presence of heritage items. These included chairs, stools and tables. Most of these were found in Botany department, English department, School of Business Studies, Gandhian studies department, administrative block, and library and in the varsity's stores.Sources said the three-member committee constituted to prepare the inventory, had identified 145 rare and antique furniture pieces from 32 different departments and Panjab University's various departments. Besides, 230 heritage drawings have been identified in the urban planning department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16329055", "title": "'Centre had major role in coal block allocation, not states'", "text": "PUNE: The BJP on Sunday asked the Union government to release minutes of the state screening committee meeting which finalized allocation of coal blocks. \"Except one state minister for mining, the other ten members of the committee were from the Union government. This clearly shows that the Centre had a major role in the allocation of coal blocks,\" said BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar.Speaking to the media in the city on Sunday, Javadekar said that most of the states, including Maharashtra, had opposed the Union government's process of allocation of coal blocks. He countered human resource development minister Kapil Sibal's argument that allocations are made by the screening committee in the presence of representatives of states.Javadekar alleged that the UPA is deliberately releasing letters of state governments run by the BJP and not of Congress-led governments. \"Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh had demanded a share in coal excavated from the block to meet the power requirement of the state. If the coal is mined from the state, then there is nothing wrong in demanding a share of it to meet the state's own demand. This part has been edited by the UPA government to mislead the people.\"At the time of 2G spectrum scam in 2010, the UPA government acted adamantly and the winter session was wasted. In the budget session, the UPA was forced to accept the demand of formation of a joint parliamentary committee, said Javadekar.On the series of corruption charges that have hit the UPA government, Javadekar said, \"From Commonwealth Games to 2G spectrum and then coalgate, the magnitude of corruption is expanding. The aviation sector is not clean either and we will dig it out soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16330259", "title": "Deraje award for Nebburu Narayana", "text": "MANGALORE: Yakshagana bhagawath artiste Nebburu Narayana has been selected for this year's Deraje award instituted by the Deraje Memorial Committee. Known for his traditional style of rendition of Yakshagana songs in a career spanning five decades, Nebburuis credited with explaining mythological episodes in his own lucid style backed by mellifluous voice. His unique style gives a nice twist to onstage performance of the yakshagana artistes who respond to the 'bhagawathike'.The award will be conferred on him at a function to be organized by Kalkura Foundation, Ranga Balaga Samskruthika Vedike, Kota, Deraje Seetharamaiah Samskruthika Prathistana, Chokkady and Kota-Saligrama Rotary Club at Sri Handhe Maha Ganapathy Vishnu Murthy temple, Kota on September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16330475", "title": "Man killed, body thrown from cab", "text": "KOLKATA: A man was murdered and later his body was thrown from a running cab at the Mullickbazar crossing on AJC Bose Road in the wee hours of Sunday. Police are yet to identify the victim. The autopsy report has confirmed that he was murdered.The pavement dwellers near Mullickbazar first spotted a taxi coming from Sealdah end, stopped around 20 meters ahead of the crossing towards the tram depot and dropped some heavy material from the vehicle. The area was dark and the pavement dwellers could not identify the object. When the cab left, they went near the object and found a man bleeding profusely. They gave some water to the person andinformed the patrolling officers, who took the person to Chittaranjan Medical College and Hopsital. The man was declared dead at the hospital.Police found several injury marks on the body and the autopsy report confirmed that the person was beaten to death as multiple anti-mortem wounds, which are homicidal in nature, were found.Police said that the victim was middle-aged and was wearing a lungi and shirt.Earlier in January this year, the body of a teenage girl, stuffed in a sack, was dumped under the Dhakuria bridge. Post mortem report of the victim confirmed murder. Police are still clueless about the identity of the girl. Body of another kid was found near the Park Circus rail station recently.When the city cops were busy in cracking the Behala murder case, then assailants have thrown off a dead body from running cab at Mullickbazar crossing on AJC Bose Road in the wee hours of Sunday. Police are yet to identify the victim, but the autopsy report confirmed that he was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16330176", "title": "Women's varsity plans courses in performing arts", "text": "DHARWAD: Karnataka State Women University, Bijapur, will soon be a multi-disciplinary university with new courses, including performing arts like dance, drama, painting among others, being introduced from next academic year.KSWU vice-chancellor Meena Chandavarkar told TOI that the university will launch a tele-education programme for students on September 14. The programme will be launched from Mysore and more than 15,000 students can make use of the facility. The university will soon have a community radio too.There are plans to invite women entrepreneurs from across the country for interaction with students. The university will also sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with German universities as part of the student exchange programme, the VC said.Decennial Bhavan The KSWU is celebrating its decennial year and to mark the occasion, a 'Decennial Bhavan' will be constructed at a cost of Rs 5 crore in the university campus in Bijapur.The university is planning to set up three centres --- the Centre for Ideal Womanhood with focus on culture, civic sense, spirituality, Centre for Soft Skill Development and Centre for Multi-Disciplinary Research on Women Studies.The proposal for setting up these centres has already been sent to the UGC for its approval. Considering increasing demand for admission to PG courses in basic science, the university has decided to start M.Sc programmes in mathematics, physics, chemistry and botany from this academic year. The intake for each course will be 40.Fund crunchThe university is facing fund crunch as the government has reduced fund allocation in the budget. Higher education minister C T Ravi, who visited the university recently, promised to allocate Rs 25 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328947", "title": "Anti-corruption cartoonist arrested for sedition in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Kanpur-based cartoonist Aseem Trivedi (25), who surrendered to the BKC police on Saturday, was remanded in seven days' police custody by the Bandra holiday court on Sunday. Charged with sedition for insulting national symbols through his cartoons, he refused to engage a lawyer in protest. The cartoons in question are on the theme Cartoons Against Corruption and one of them depicts the national emblem as comprising wolves in place of lions and the slogan Bhrashtameva Jayate in place of Satyameva Jayate.The complaint against Trivedi was filed by a Mumbai-based lawyer at the Bandra Kurla Complex police station last December under the Indian Penal Code's section 124 (sedition), the Information Technology Act's section 66-A (sending offensive messages through communication services) and the Prevention of Insults to Nation Honour (PINH) Act's section 2 (imprisonment for disrespect to the national flag or the constitution or any part thereof).Trivedi's friends said the police action was politically motivated. \"Aseem told us the government targeted him because he supported Anna Hazare in his fight against corruption,\" said a friend.The police were treating Aseem like a criminal, said a friend, activist Alok Dixit. \"He decided not to engage an advocate and wants to let the court decide. He maintains he is not wrong. That is why he does not see a need to defend himself.\"Former judges, lawyers and civil rights activists criticized the police for the development, in particular the custodial duration. \"This is a very rare instance where such a thing has happened,\" said activist and advocate Mihir Desai. Observing that the case was not maintainable, high court Justice (retd) H Suresh said, \"The charge of sedition is patently misused. In this case, what is sedition? Moreover, custody of seven days is fundamentally wrong (in this case). What further investigations will be conducted while keeping him in custody? The cartoons, which speak for themselves, are investigation enough.\"Former IPS officer and now lawyer Y P Singh said that as per a Supreme Court ruling, arrests need not be made in cases of a technical nature. \"The action of the police, which may not be legally incorrect, has certainly been undesirable. The police have acted in an excessive manner by applying sedition charges. At best, a weak case could have been made under the PINH Act.\"Further, to arrest a person on a weekend and produce him in court on a Sunday is regarded as mischievous. That is because if a matter is regarded as serious, it needs to be deliberated on in a regular court and not a holiday court.\"Last month, a team of the BKC police went to Kanpur to look for Trivedi. Its members questioned his father for a few hours on August 30 at a local police station, causing him mental harassment, according to Trivedi's friends. When the cartoonist learned about this, he tried to contact the team, but its members did not respond to his calls, the friends said.On Saturday, Trivedi went to the BKC police station to surrender and also inquire about the case. He was put in lockup for the night, and his friends and India Against Corruption members were not allowed to meet him, a friend alleged.Trivedi was produced in court on Sunday afternoon. When the magistrate asked him about his advocate, he said he was not engaging one. The prosecutor informed the court that Trivedi had insulted the national emblem in a cartoon and displayed it during a Hazare rally at the MMRDA ground and on his website. The court then gave the police Trivedi's custody. The next hearing is on September 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16334642", "title": "Bio attendance mandatory in GHS from October", "text": "CHENNAI: Health department will make it mandatory for all government hospital staff - doctors, nurses, paramedics and housekeeping staff - to mark their bio-attendance from October 1, health minister VS Vijay said here on Monday. Hospitals heads have been directed to install bio-attendance markers with funds allotted to them, he said.The image of government hospitals has taken a beating because it isn't well maintained, he said. \"Some doctors don't come to work on time or leave early. Some nurses don't care about the hygiene inside the wards or patient welfare. The department will ensure we change this image about public hospitals. It is a PR exercise we must do now to keep build image of GHs. It is important because people will have to trust us with their health,\" he after inspected the Institute of Mental Health (IMH) on Monday.Earlier, he asked the IMH director to suspend a storekeeper for failing to discard unused items and absenting from work without notice. He wanted written explanations from two staff nurses on why the wards weren't well maintained. The Institute is the seventh hospital in the city Vijay has inspected in the last three weeks after the body of a 12-day-old infant was eaten by a rodent at the Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children in Triplicane.In the last few weeks, nearly 600 dogs and cats running between the government hospitals wards in city were rescued by animal welfare groups and rodents were poisoned. \"But that is hardly enough. Most often I hear complaints saying doctors and staff aren't there during the working hours. I am hoping the bio-attendance will be an answer. It will help staff who work hard and help us identify those who don't,\" he said. Staff will have to mark their attendance every day at the entry and exit points and manual attendance will be made redundant, he said.Earlier, the members of Tamil Nadu Government Doctors Association said they were not willing to mark biometric attendance. \"We are all government servants. Why should we alone be made to sign bio-attendance?,\" asked Dr Balakrishnan, Chennai president, Tamil Nadu Government Doctors' Association. The association has threatened to go in a strike if the department insists on attendance, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16329477", "title": "Expectations high over SSPL projects in Sindri", "text": "Sindri: Although SAIL Sindri Projects Ltd (SSPL) is yet to come out with a concrete plan for setting up steel, power and fertilizer plants in Sindri, expectations are running high. While former employees and others residing in the township are nurturing the hope of rehabilitation before displacement, employees who were made to retire prematurely have also started raising their voice for job to one of their dependents. Regional political parties, too, are bracing themselves for a show of strength to ensure political mileage in the name of justice for the local populace.It is now amply clear that the steel major will have to address certain issues being raised by the former employees and others while finalizing plans for the SSPL. Rehabilitation of people residing in the township is probably the biggest issue.Nearly 1,142 former employees of the Sindri fertilizer factory were allotted quarters on lease rent basis after the closure of the factory. Applications from employees of other government, semi-government and other service sectors like banks, post office, LIC , colleges and schools were also invited for allotment of quarters on lease rent basis but could not be processed due to change in government policy. This besides, there are nearly 26 small and big villages inhabitants of which are settled on the factory land for more than five decades. All of them are nurturing the hope that they will be rehabilitated before being displaced.BJP MP from Dhanbad P N Singh and Sindri MLA Phulchand Mandal have given categorical assurance that no body will be allowed to be displaced without rehabilitation. They have demanded rehabilitation of all those living in the town on the patterns of Jharia where people living in the fire zone are being provided accommodation facility.There is a small group of former employees who had over 10 years of service left at the time of closure who are hopeful of getting re-employment as assured by the Union government. The Centre had also invited applications from such employees. The FCI VSS employee's welfare association has already sent memorandums to the authorities concerned demanding job to one of their dependents besides rehabilitation and clearing their dues. The Sindri Chamber of Commerce has also demanded shop and accommodation facility to the existing shopkeepers and businessmen of the town on the Bokaro pattern, besides other demands.The township has also witnessed a mad rush among the regional political parties for opening party offices in the town. The AJSU, JMM and JVM have opened their offices in Sindri by breaking open factory bungalows recently. The Congress and BJP already have their party offices in the town for a long time now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16328864", "title": "Student duped with promise of cheap laptops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A student of Masters of Social Work of Bhavnagar University, was duped by a Mumbai resident with the promise of cheap laptops and cellphones. Police said that Dinesh Solanki, a resident of Tarapur in Anand, had come to Ahmedabad for a month to work with an NGO. He, along with his three friends, was staying at a paying guest facility in Navrangpura. He came to know Pushkar Babre, a resident of Mumbai, one of the residents of the same PG facility, during the period. Babre introduced himself as a trainer for call centres of a private mobile telecom operator. During the talks, he offered Solanki and his friends cheap laptops and mobile phones. The trio believed him and gave Rs 22,000, Rs 15,000 and Rs 3,000 respectively but got nothing in return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16330047", "title": "Sivakasi fire: Owner of firecracker unit arrested", "text": "MADURAI: Police arrested the owner of the firecracker unit in Mudhalipatti near Sivakasi on Sunday, who was on the run for the past four days after the accident that killed 38 people and left more than 70 injured.A team led by DSP M Ramamurthy traced Murugesan, owner of Om Sakthi Fireworks to Samayanallur near Madurai and arrested him. \"We received information that he was in Samayanallur and rushed there. We zeroed in his presence to Karuppasamy Koil there and nabbed him,\" said Ramamurthy. Police said that they are interrogating whether any of his accomplices had extended help to Murugesan to evade arrest all these days.He was taken to Soolakaraipatti police station and interrogated in connection with the accident and the violations in the cracker unit. He is likely to be produced in the court on Monday.Police have booked him on charges of culpable homicide besides IPC Sections 286 (Negligent Conduct with Respect to Explosives), 337, 338 (Causing Hurt), 9 B (1a) of the Indian Explosives Act and Section 5 of Explosive Substances Act. The police have so far arrested 13 persons in connection with the case. While 12 persons including Paul Pandi and his brothers who had leased the cracker unit from Murugesan were arrested on September 6, he was evading arrest. Ten special teams were formed to nab him. \"We don't know if he was in Samayanallur all these days or visited there only on Sunday. We are also inquiring if he received support from individuals to escape police action,\" Ramamurthy said.Meanwhile, the magisterial inquiry ordered by chief minister J Jayalalithaa is also carried out by district revenue officer R Raju. Six teams comprising revenue, police, labour officials and explosives experts have also started inspection of the cracker units in Virudhunagar.Health officials said that the condition of the injured in the fire accident was stable but for few persons who had suffered severe injuries. Doctors from adjoining districts as well as private hospitals in Sivakasi are treating the injured at Sivakasi, Sattur and Virudhunagar hospitals besides Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16329872", "title": "Eight GRP, RPF jawans suspended in train dacoity case", "text": "SASARAM: Eight jawans of GRP and RPF were suspended on Sunday in connection with a dacoity on a running passenger train near Karawandia on Grand Chord line under Mughalsarai division of East Central Railway (ECR) late Saturday night.Railway DSP, Gaya, A K Tiwary visited the spot. Sources said that on late Saturday night, about a dozen armed criminals stormed a coach of Asansol-Varanasi passenger train which was running four hours behind schedule when the train stopped at Karawandia railway station, about 10 km east from district headquarters, Sasaram. The criminals started looting the passengers at gunpoint as soon as the train left the station. They also assaulted the passengers when they dared to resist them. They stopped the train near Sasaram by cutting the vacuum and escaped with the booty.The escort party of GRP and RPF slept all through. When the train reached Sasaram, the passengers shouted slogans against the GRP and RPF personnel. An FIR was lodged in this connection. Sources said the criminals looted cash valuables worth Rs 2.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333843", "title": "Richa signed for Farhan-Ritesh\u2019s Fukrey", "text": "Actor Richa Chadda is riding high these days. After her power packed performance in Anurag Kashyap's Gangs of Wassepur, she is now being signed for Fukrey.Yes, the talented Richa has finally impressed everyone with her stunning performance.Richa plays a very significant role in the film. She will be seen playing a mafia don, and her character will be called as Boli Punjaban.Ritesh Sidhwani confirms, \"Yes, Richa Chadda has been signed for Fukrey .\"Actor Pulkit Samrat, who made his mark on TV in popular daily soap, will be playing a lead role in the film; however Richa does not play opposite Pulkit. They are yet to finalize some actors playing Pulkit's co stars in the film.Fukrey is a mad cap comedy coming from the ingenious Ritesh Sidhwani- Farhan Akhtar production team 'Excel Entertainment'.\"The title comes from Delhi slang, where fukrey means good-for-nothing. Directed by debutant Mrigdeep Singh Lamba, the film is a buddy movie and will revolve around Delhi-based youngsters and their life in high school and later, college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16329457", "title": "Hazaribag DC releases funds for stadium", "text": "Hazaribag: With a view to promote sporting activities in Hazaribag, DC Manish Ranjan on Friday released Rs 21.30 lakh for the construction work of an outdoor stadium in the district. The state government has sanctioned a total of Rs 4 crore for the promotional activities.After inspecting the site earmarked for the stadium with a team of experts, the DC released the first installment on Friday. After releasing the funds, Ranjan directed the authorities to maintain transparency when it comes to the quality of raw materials used for construction work. The stadium is estimated to accommodate more than 10,000 people. It will have adequate facilities to provide training and basic amenities to the fresh talents.The DC also handed over 61 appointment letters to the teachers, selected under Jharkhand education project and posted them in the Kasturba Gandhi Residential School for Girls in the rural belt of Hazaribag district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16328712", "title": "Bus crushes youth to death", "text": "INDORE: A 25-year-old youth was crushed to death and another sustained serious injuries when a Pune-bound bus hit them. The deceased came under the wheels of the bus near Kamla Nehru Zoo here on Sunday morning.The deceased has been identified as Dharmendra, son of Girdharilal and resident of Ajay Bag Colony. He was the only bread earner in the eight member family. His two brothers are physically challenged.Sunny Agrawal, a resident of New Railway Colony, Ratlam sustained injuries. He works as a driver with a private bus agency.According to the police, Dharmendra was going to a nearby temple when the bus (MP07-KH0777) heading towards Pune hit him. Dharmendra came under the wheels of bus. In an attempt to flee from the spot, the bus driver continued to drive the bus. The same bus then hit Sunny riding his motorbike. The impact, eyewitnesses say, was so hard that he was thrown off his motorbike and came under the wheels of the bus.After the second accident, the bus driver stopped the vehicle and fled from the spot. Angry local people attacked the bus smashing glass panes. Sanyogitaganj police rushed to the spot and took the situation under control. Sunny was taken to the MY Hospital. Police said his spine is injured and one of his legs is fractured. They impounded the bus and have launched a search for the absconding driver of the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16333779", "title": "Rajesh Khanna's 'Aradhana' turns into 'Top Gun'", "text": "The remake of one of Rajesh Khanna's biggest hits Aradhana is going to take a little longer than expected. The producer-director Asim Samanta intends to turn the original story of an air force pilot and his lookalike illegitimate son into a modern day Top Gun.Explains Samanta, \"When my father made Aradhana, he couldn't shoot in any air base and the scenes at the air-force base had to be fudged. Those were times when permission to access defence-related locations was impossible for filmmakers. Now paper work would take care it. We will shoot in air force bases. It was something my father couldn't do and it remained a lingering regret.\"The ambitious director says he wants to turn Aradhana into Top Gun . \"I want the sequences showing the hero emerge from the fighter planes to have the same impact as Tom Cruise in Top Gun . We are working towards inducing the same level of adrenaline and authenticity in the air-base sequences.\"Asim Samanta's son Aditya will play the double role that had made Rajesh Khanna a household name after the original Aradhana. But who will play the role of the heroine, the young girl with a son born out of wedlock who transforms into an old mother?It's a casting that's giving Asim Samanta sleepless nights. \"I remember my father had a tough time casting for the role. Aparna Sen was almost finalized but she opted out at the last minute. Finally Sharmila Tagore did it. She was only in her early 20's when she played the 60-year old woman. I'm hoping an equally enterprising actress would be found for the new Aradhana.\"If no actress is found to be suitable for both the young and old avatar of the unwed mother then two actresses may be signed for the same role. But the hero's double role remains unchanged. And there's a very good reason why.Explains Asim, \"When my father was planning Aradhana, the father and son's roles were supposed to be played by two actors. It was author Gulshan Nanda who suggested that the same actor play both the roles. My father said it was the best advice he got for Aradhana. I am not going to change that.\"The original evergreen songs from Aradhana\u2014Roop tera mastana, Mere Sapnon ki rani kab aayegi tu, Kora kagaz tha yeh man mera, Baaghon mein bahaar hai and Gunguna rahe hai bhanwar\u2014 will all be retained in the new Aradhana. But in a new avatar.Says Asim, \"We're keeping the songs, but we're re-cording them as per new technology. Why would I tamper with such classic songs?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16328827", "title": "Scamsters\u2019 paradise: Why tourists love to hate Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Our city recently made it to a top ten list of global cities, but not for reasons we should be proud of. Travel scams, brilliantly complex and unarguably rampant, have given New Delhi a spot in the world's top cities travellers love to hate.Hate may seem like a strong word, and the city's reputation an exaggeration, but tourists' experiences here confirm New Delhi's number eight position on the CNNGo list isn't unwarranted. Whether it's the ingenious \"poop scam\", detailed train station scams, or the routine fleecing, every tourist has a story to share. Cheating here, it seems, is so ubiquitous that tourists believe it's in our DNA. \"Everybody here cheats. Your government cheats you, and you con us,\" says Bryan, from Liverpool , England.Marthy Locht, who's here from Belgium with her partner of nine years, says they were tricked many times at the train station \u2014 rickshawpullers dropped them at the wrong place four times, and people at the station told them the official office had moved. \"You start mistrusting everybody, because you never know who is trying to rip you off,\" says Locht.Vijay Thakur, immediate past president of the Indian Association of Tour Operators, says the nexus of touts is most prevalent at airports and train stations. \"It starts at the airport luggage belt, and from there on tourists encounter touts ready to con them at every stage. They cook up all sorts of stories to get their cut,\" he says.Blogs and travel forums online are rife with horror stories from trips to the city, and warnings and tips for people who decide to go on the adventure. Entries that go as far back as the nineties show nothing has changed \u2014 tricksters continue to use tried-and-tested methods to dupe unsuspecting tourists.\"I've been to about 50 Indian cities, but Delhi is the most consistent in its attempt to cheat tourists,\" says James Hendicott, a freelance music and travel writer from the UK. He, however, argues that the problem may not necessarily be with the city, but the fact it's the entry point for every tourist. \"There are more opportunities to swindle inexperienced tourists,\" he says.Hendicott, who has learnt a lot about the city in his seven visits here, has written about his experiences extensively online, but nothing can prepare a first-time visitor. \"We heard about the beauty, colourful saris and vibrant culture, but also about the cows in the middle of the road, bad smells, and food that won't let us leave the toilet,\" says Suzanne Liewald, a gardener from Germany. Though she was on her guard, within a day she got a fake Rs 500 note from a money exchange, and was swindled by a rickshawpuller.Bryan exclaims the rickshaw drivers make him not want to return. But he's been here 15 times, so clearly something in the city compels him to make repeated trips. \"Even with the chaos and corruption, the city just works,\" he says. \"It's absolutely crazy!\" laughs Miroslav Dvorsky, a student from the Czech Republic , \"just look around you!\"'Delhi belly' notwithstanding, tourists here cannot get enough of the street food either - golden jalebis, fresh pakodas, crisp samosas. Another favourite is aaloo gobhi. \"I've been here five times and have never fallen sick,\" says Dvorsky, as he gorges on a plate of aloo chaat and chutney. Many have also learnt to take the trickery and overcharging in their stride. \"Everybody tries to sell you something at high prices, but we accept it. It's just a chance for them to make money they need,\" says German tourist Waltrand Munkler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "godhavarikhani", "code": "16328749", "title": "Coal worker crushed to death while cleaning conveyor belt", "text": "GODHAVARIKHANI: A coal worker in a private firm was killed in a freak mishap in the seventh incline at Godhavarikhani coal town on Sunday. His body was crushed when he slipped into a coal washing machine while cleaning a conveyor belt. The deceased worker was identified as Ch Swamy(36).A resident of Penchikalapet village of Khamanpur mandal in Karimnagar district, Swamy was cleaning the belt when he accidentally slipped into the machine. His mutilated body was recovered later. Enraged over the incident, the workers at the coal washing unit rushed to general manager, Chandra Raju's chambers and later tied him up. They demanded Rs 15 lakh compensation for the family of the deceased. Police rushed to the area and pacified the angry workers.Global Coal Private Ltd, Guntur-based company, which engaged Swamy, agreed to pay the compensation to his family after which the workers relented. Swamy is survived by his wife and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16330652", "title": "Govt makes it harder for doctors to stay on in US", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to prevent medical students who go to the US for higher studies from settling down there, the health ministry has suspended issuing 'no obligation to return' certificates that allow them to do so.In the past three years, 3,000 medical students have gone abroad and stayed there. India has one doctor per 2,000 people; the US has one for 469.The 'no obligation to return to India' (NORI) certificate is mandatory for Indian doctors who have completed up to nine years of medical education to settle in the US. Ironically, before they head there, the US requires the health ministry (of all developing countries) to issue a \"statement of need\" certificate, stating \"the student is being allowed to go and study medicine in the US because he is required to return and serve India\".Joint secretary in the health ministry S K Rao said only 30% of those who go to the US return to work. \"This year, we haven't issued a single NORI certificate,\" he said.Guidelines for medical study abroad by 2013In a bid to tackle brain drain in the medical profession, the government, for the first time, is drawing up guidelines for medical students going to the US for studies. The guidelines, expected by January 2013, will also apply to students who have gone to the US this year.\"We have sent the guidelines to the law ministry for their comments. It will specify the conditions for medical students to leave India and go to the US for higher education,\" joint secretary in the health ministry S K Rao said. \"We have no problem with students going to the US to study. But the US wants us to first issue a certificate saying we are allowing the student to go and study there because he or she is needed in India and then issue another mandatory certificate nine years later saying he isn't needed in India so that he can settled down there,\" added Rao, who handles international health.To bring more doctors into the workforce, the Cabinet recently cleared the National Council of Human Resources in Health Bill that allows doctors who hold the Overseas Citizens of India card to work in India. The bill also allows NRI doctors to return to India and join medical colleges as faculty. India has a density of 0.5 doctors per 1,000 people. The Medical Council of India intends to reduce the gap to one doctor for 1,000 population by 2031. The Planning Commission says the country is short of 6 lakh doctors, 10 lakh nurses and 2 lakh dental surgeons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16329933", "title": "Youth robbed at Ambazari bypass", "text": "NAGPUR: A 26-year-old engineer engaged with a private company was assaulted with a sharp weapon and robbed by two unidentified persons near Futala chowk on Saturday evening.Swapneel Chintalwar was on his bike with a friend riding pillion when the incident took place. The miscreants also decamped with Chintalwar's laptop.In the police complaint, Chintalwar said that two bike-borne unidentified youths on a red two-wheeler robbed him after blocking his way. The miscreants were following him and overtook Chintalwar in a dimly-lit place.The robbers fled from the spot after snatching away the laptop. During the scuffle, the miscreants also slashed Chintalwar on his left leg, leaving him bleeding profusely. Chintalwar was discharged from a private hospital after preliminary treatment.Ambazari police registered an offence against the unidentified youths on Chintalwar's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16329133", "title": "Complete NH 17B in port town: MLA", "text": "VASCO: Mormugao MLA and power minister Milind Naik said that the completion of NH 17 B is extremely important as a large number of accidents were occurring in the port town due to heavy truck movement and taking a heavy toll on life.The stretch of highway between Mangor hill and Sada is incomplete. The port town was shaken up by an accident that led to the death of goldsmith Jitendra Palyekar on Saturday.\"As per statistics of the last three years, around 17 persons have lost their lives in 150 accidents between Chicalim circle and the MPT berths,\" Naik said.Speaking at a press conference, the minister said the Mormugao port trust (MPT) will have to proceed with the completion work seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16329198", "title": "Residents protest sand smuggling", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of Srinivasapuram on Sunday stopped five sand-laden trucks, alleging that they were being used to transport sand from the beach illegally. They later handed over the lorries to police.They alleged that the men come in group and were transporting sand illegally. \"They sell it to outsiders,\" said a resident. Police, however, said the lorries were involved in transporting debris from the beach where a cleaning operation was going on. \"During the day they claim to be involved in cleaning work, but at night, they transport sand from the beach and sell it,\" said a resident, Manivannan.\"Though we took up the issue with police, they never seem to be interested to stop the smuggling of sand. This time we caught hold of the five lorries, but police let them off in the morning.\" \"The National Green Tribunal has recently asked the public works department (PWD) to remove the debris along the coastline. So the department was cleaning the debris. These lorries were transporting the garbage from the beach,\" said a PWD engineer, on condition of anonymity.\"Beach sand is not ideal for building construction because of its high salinity, but it can be used as a buffer material and, once washed, may be used even in the mortar mix,\" said a PWD official.\"The residents did not hand over any lorry to us. They themselves freed them after talks with the lorry owners, without bringing the issue to us. The PWD officials have a proper order to carry out the work,\" said Pattinampakkam inspector Stephen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16330160", "title": "Ananda Bhaskar in JPC on 2G", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress has nominated Rapolu Ananda Bhaskar, a first-time Rajya Sabha MP, to the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC), which would probe into the alleged irregularities in the allocation of 2G spectrum licences.Ananda Bhaskar has been appointed to fill the vacancy which arose after the elevation of PJ Kurien as deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha. Bhaskar is the lone Congress MP from Andhra Pradesh to be made a member of the JPC.Hectic lobbying goes into earning a membership for the JPC and Bhaskar's entry thus has raised quite a few eyebrows here. Bhaskar made his presence felt in the House by raising the issues of farmers and weavers along with that of Telangana and attracted the attention of the party leadership, sources said. The Congress has 40 MPs from the state in both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.The 32-member committee headed by PC Chacko has 21 MPs from the Lok Sabha and 10 from the Rajya Sabha. Some of the high-profile members include Sashi Tharoor, EM Sudarshan Nachappan (Congress), Sitaram Yechuri (CPM), Jaswanth Singh, Yaswanth Sinha, Ravishankar Prasad, Gopinath Munde (BJP), Guradas Dasgupta (CPI), M Thambidurai (AIADMK), T R Balu (DMK) and Arjun Charan Sethi (Biju Janata Dal).Meanwhile, Duvvuri Subbarao, governor, Reserve Bank of India, has been summoned to give evidence before the committee on September 18. Subbarao, an Andhra Pradesh cadre IAS officer, was finance secretary when the pricing was determined for the 2G spectrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16328855", "title": "Taxis too may go off roads on Thursday", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens should brace themselves for an agonizing commute on Thursday as taxi unions also threaten to join the auto agitation and stay off roads, demanding a fare revision. Fed up with the alarming regularity with which the unions have been holding the city to ransom, angry commuters have demanded that the government should crack the whip and stop them from harassing the common man.Unfazed by the inconvenience they will cause to citizens, taxi union leader A L Quadros told TOI on Sunday, \"Supporting the auto unions' stir, we will not ply vehicles on Thursday to demand an increase in fares for black-and-yellow taxis. The Hakim committee has recommended a raise of Rs 3 on the basic fare (Rs 17 to Rs 20) and his suggestion should be accepted by the transport department immediately.\" If the unions stick to their stand, nearly 3 lakh autos and over 45,000 taxis in the Mumbai metropolitan region will be off roads. Apprehensive of a tough time ahead, a commuter, Girish Jha, urged the government to take steps to stop the unions from staging the agitation. \"Commuting without autos and taxis will spell disaster and if it rains, the scene will get even more harrowing,\" he said.Quadros, however, demanded that the government should take a final decision by Monday afternoon and promise to call an urgent meeting of the MMRTA to decide on the quantum of hikes. \"If this is not done, there will be no taxi in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane on Thursday,\" he said. A source added irrespective of the decision, they also plan to start charging commuters a basic fare of Rs 20 from Friday.A senior transport official asked the unions to \"have patience\". \"We have invited leaders of auto and taxi unions for a discussion on Monday morning when we will try to resolve the problems. They should also wait for the government to complete all procedures before announcing a fare rise. Such things can't be done in haste,\" he said. Six auto and at least three taxi unions will be part of Monday's meeting with transport secretary Shailesh Sharma.Another official blamed union leader Sharad Rao, who first announced the stir, for trying to \"hog limelight and take credit for any fare increase\". \"It is a competition between other auto unions and Rao's men, trying to take credit for a rise in fare,\" he said. \"Rao knows the government has called him for a discussion on Monday morning. Also, the Hakim panel has recommended a fare revision. It is just a matter of time before the government announces a hike (expected this month). Rao is staging an agitation, merely to gain publicity.\"Rao, however, maintained his movement was in the larger interest of drivers. \"This is not a stunt to score brownie points over other unions,\" he defended himself. \"We have been waiting for long for a hike. There is no need for a second round of talks as we have already given our views to the Hakim committee, and it has mentioned them in the report.\" But a rival leader called it a \"stunt\" by Rao and said no other union in Mumbai had supported his call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16329633", "title": "November 30 deadline set for Kumbh work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi has said all work pertaining to the arrangements for Kumbh Mela must be completed by the authorities concerned by November 30.In addition, all ongoing work should be inspected at least once a week, and its physical report subsequently presented, he said. Chaturvedi issued these instructions while reviewing the work related to Kumbh at Gandhi gallery.Expressing concern over the increase in complaints related to damage to manholes on the roads by Ganga Pollution Control Unit, he said the engineers of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) should check the same for quality.He instructed the power department to complete the work of installation of poles by September 15. Further, the junction box installed at Harsh Vardhan crossing should be removed within a week, he said.He also pulled up the Public Works Department ( PWD) authorities for failing to ensure the leveling of roads at different places, which is causing numerous problems to the commuters, and said the same should be done within a week.The divisional commissioner also expressed dissatisfaction with the slow pace of work in the construction of various pucca ghats. He asked the irrigation department to complete the construction of Arail pucca ghat within this month when the water level decreases.The authorities concerned were also asked to speed up the repair work on Thornhill Road near Halwai crossing. Meanwhile, Jal Nigam officials were given the September 30 deadline for completing the work of construction of overhead tanks. The issue of damaged drains below the Alopibagh bridge was also raised.Chaturvedi said the repairs should be conducted within 15 days. He also asked for completion of laying of sanitary pipelines under JNNURM programme by October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-10"}
