{"city": "None", "code": "16230807", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor walks out on Abhinav Kashyap", "text": "Kashyap's second film, Besharam is in fresh crisis after his lead actor opts out over commercial reasonsHis directorial debut Dabangg was a box office success. However, Abhinav Kashyap's second film Besharam that was already in trouble with Viacom 18 having decided at the last minute not to produce it, has now hit a fresh roadblock.This time round, Ranbir Kapoor , who had been roped in as leading man, has walked out of the film, leaving Abhinav high and dry. We hear a frustrated Abhinav has decided to shelve his project, which was supposed to go on floors by end this year.An insider told us, \"One of the reasons Ranbir walked out is because Viacom 18 had pulled out, after which, there wasn't much happening on the film. Yes, Abhinav tried taking the project to many other producers. However, with Ranbir's busy schedule and too many film offers, the actor didn't want to further block his dates for a project that isn't even taking off.\"According to trade sources though, there has been a fallout between Abhinav and Ranbir over the latter's fees.The industry source revealed, \"Abhinav was to negotiate Ranbir's fees with the producers, but he went back to Ranbir with a price that is one-third of what the actor commands. This upset his father Rishi Kapoor , who refused to agree on those terms.\"Like most other actors, Ranbir too, has hiked his fees and currently charges Rs 15 crore plus a certain percentage of the profit pie, which has become the norm.When contacted, Abhinav Kashyap refrained from comment.Bharti Dubey and Prachi Kadam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233762", "title": "Karan Singh Grover in Zee\u2019s Qubool Hai!", "text": "Karan Singh Grover makes his comeback to fiction with 4 Lions Films' upcoming show Qubool Hai on Zee TV.As the main lead, Karan's character in the show belongs to a Muslim based family from Bhopal and he will star opposite Punjabi actress Surbhi Jyoti, as told to sources. This will mark Surbhi's TV debut. Qubool Hai also has actors like Alka Kaushal, Vaquar Sheikh, Harsh Vashishth and Tej Sapru who have been roped in to play important characters on the show. The shooting for Qubool Hai starts mid September.Female fans will be extremely happy to see their hearth throb Karan Singh Grover in a new role. Karan was last seen with Anita Hassnandani in Star Plus' Teri Meri Love Storie s .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227431", "title": "Delhi University VC addresses first-ever parents meet, pledges action", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi University vice chancellor had a field day tackling innumerable complaints on facilities, academic culture and safety in various colleges of the university. The VC, Dinesh Singh, also interacted with the parents at the rugby stadium in North Campus where around 125 parents turned up on Sunday.Singh not only set a new precedent by meeting parents for the first time in the history of DU, but also reiterated that his promises made to the students will be kept. He started the proceedings by announcing new initiatives, mostly a repeat of his Saturday announcement, and then opened the house to the parents to understand their views and complaints.Regarding the initiatives in the pipeline, Singh spoke about the Gyanodaya Express which will travel to border areas like Jaisalmer this year; plans for the four-year-degree courses; strengthening of the campus placement cell and naming a competition in the name of noted scholar Ramanujan.On the issue of exams and delay in results, Singh said: \"I promise to declare the results of December semester exams within three weeks of completion. Since we are planning to introduce a four-year-degree format, there will be changes in the admission policy as well.\"Parents thereafter took the centre stage, complaining about the lack of amenities, ill-equipped libraries, absent teachers, eve-teasing, canteens, among others. A parent whose daughter is studying at Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College requested the VC for her change of subject as some OBC seats were still lying unfilled despite the admissions being over. Another parent complained that no accounts and business studies takes place at Maitreyi College.Another guardian whose sister is studying at Dayal Singh College (morning) said, \"My sister was harassed by some boys in the college and despite our efforts to meet the principal, a lobby of few teachers is not allowing us to approach the principal. Please help us.\"Responding to the plethora of grievances, Singh said that although most of the complaints are internal issues of colleges and should have been addressed at that level, he still promised action.\"Under normal circumstances, the university does not interfere in college affairs, however, issues like eve-teasing and harassment are serious. Classes not taking place is shameful and the university will interfere,\" he added.Sunday's interaction is seen as a prelude to a much deeper deliberation expected to take place during the academic congress \u2014 September 6 and 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228861", "title": "Watch out! That friendly mechanic could be a robber", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Beware of that seemingly ingenious mechanic or the courier guy who tries to get pally with you. They could be robbers on the prowl.After Panchkula, these miscreants are targeting residents of Chandigarh and Mohali. They pose as mechanics, courier boys or distant relatives and strike unsuspecting people.In three recent incidents in Chandigarh and Mohali, the men trapped the victims in their impersonation net and robbed two women and an elderly couple.Two men entered the house of Shampyari, 60, in Sector 28, posing as mechanic when she was relaxing outside her house during the late evening hours on September 1. The woman was robbed of silver jewellery, Rs 8,000 cash and an ATM card.Similarly, on August 18, two youths in their 20s entered the house of former MLA from Rajpura, Prof Balwant Singh, in Sector 28 in the garb of mechanics. They claimed they were from the same constituency to which the MLA's family belonged. Singh was not present in the house and robbers gagged his wife, while holding her hostage for more than half-an-hour.In another incident, a couple -- Maninder Sharma, 58, and his wife Sushila, 52, -- were robbed by two persons, including a woman, who entered their house in Derabassi posing themselves as travel agents on August 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16227956", "title": "Highest increase of first-time voters in Ahmedabad district", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The number of voters in Ahmedabad district has risen by nearly four per cent. This has emerged in a special roll summary revision exercise undertaken by the chief electoral officer (CEO) of Gujarat during the last three months.The exercise revealed that Ahmedabad recorded the highest increase in the number of first-time voters in the state. The district registered an increase of 1,75,590 voters of which 63 per cent are new or young voters who got registered for the first time.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra said that there are 1,11,200 first-time voters. He further said that of the total 1.75 lakh new voters, 84,687 are females and 90,903 male voters. Of the 1,11,200 newly registered voters, 54,057 are female and 57,153 male voters.Names of 26,490 voters were deleted from the electoral roll as there was either duplication or the person had shifted to new address.Nehra said that till June 1, 2012, there were 43,65,592 voters which rose to 45,14,692 after revision for the 21 assembly constituencies in the district. These include Viramgam, Sanand, Ghatlodia, Vejalpur, Vatva, Ellisbridge, Naranpura, Nikol, Naroda, Thakkarbapanagar, Bapunagar, Amraiwadi, Dariapur, Jamalpur-Khadia, Maninagar, Danilimda, Sabarmati, Asarwa, Daskroi, Dholka and Dhandhuka.The district has 21,33,079 female voters and 23,81,613 male voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228698", "title": "Streets turn unsafe as lights remain off", "text": "NAGPUR: At least 5.52% of city's streetlights continue to be non-functional even after standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari's directive to ensure proper lighting on city roads. A survey of streetlights carried out by the NMC's electric department revealed that out of 98,628 lights, as many as 5,448 were continuously out of order. The worst affected is 42km Ring Road.According to the survey, Laxmi Nagar and Aashi Nagar zones were the worst with 859 and 851 streetlights on the blink. The figures for other zones are Lakadganj - 660, Nehru Nagar - 635, Dharampeth - 627, Mangalwari - 555. Satranjipura - 449, Hanuman Nagar - 424, Dhantoli - 226 and Gandhibagh - 162.The ring road, a critical artery of the city, is the most neglected as far as illumination is concerned. The stretch of ring road from Sawarkar Nagar to Hingna square and from Jaripatka flyover to Kamptee road is almost entirely in the dark. People residing off the ring road pointed out that the way NMC was treating them makes them feel they were living in a village. The Pratap Nagar ring road presents a ghostly look due to non-functional streetlights. There are 39 poles between Chhatrapati square and Shivaji Maharaj statue square on Pratap Nagar ring road. \"Since last four years, around 95% of them have been defunct,\" a resident Abhay Kolarkar said.Many other important roads also present a gloomy picture. A few patches of Seminary Hills road, WCL headquarters, Chhaoni Durga Mata temple road are always in dark. Not a single streetlight was functioning for long stretches on these roads. On the other hand, there are many stretches where lights glow during the day and remain off during night.\"There used to be a time when people loved taking strolls near their houses in the evenings. Now, it is not possible because of non-functioning streetlights. Many residents in my ward rue their lanes turn pitch dark creating problems for them, including rise of incidents of thefts and accidents,\" complained Nari corporator Savita Sangole. She adds, \"it is the light from passing vehicles that occasionally light up the streets here.\"NMC executive engineer (electrical) Sanjay Jaiswal admitted that over 5,000 streetlights were not working. He, however, pointed out that the most of the affected areas were along Ring Road. The poles on the road are hit by vehicles resulting in lights going off. He said the civic body intended to ensure proper illumination of the streets. \"We had entrusted the work of streetlights maintenance to a Kakinada-based private firm. It failed to do its job which forced us to terminate the tender. Now we have started the process to call fresh tenders,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233540", "title": "What made Sridevi bite the bait?", "text": "Here's an inside story as to why Sridevi chose English Vinglish after lying low for fifteen years.Besides, debutant director Gauri Shinde and her hubby R.Balki being good family friends to Sridevi and Boney, Sridevi could somewhere deep down connect to the character struggling with the English language something that she had experienced in real life.A source said, \"Sridevi was born in Tamil Nadu made her debut as an actress in South cinema. When she debuted in Hindi films, her command over Hindi and sometimes even English, was weak. She constantly had to keep struggling to learn her dialogues and even communicate with the people of the industry. Hence when Gauri Shinde read out the script to Sridevi, she could instantly connect with it. It reminded her of days when she had to struggle to communicate in Hindi and English.\"English Vinglish is slated to hit theatres on September 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227419", "title": "Man flees Sonipat jail, arrested in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old man who escaped from the Sonipat jail this January was arrested on Saturday from Pitampura when he came to meet his associate, police said.There was a reward of Rs 25,000 on the arrest of Attinder alias Chunu. He was among eight prisoners who had escaped from the Sonepat jail on January 18. They had allegedly conspired with some of the jail staff and their associates outside the prison for the break-out.Five jail staff and at least 12 others were arrested later for conspiring and helping them in the escape. The kingpin of the gang Manoj was arrested from Delhi in May. Chunu is involved in six criminal cases \u2014 two cases of murders, two of attempt to murder, one of encounter with police and one case of bank dacoity.\"Chunnu told us that he and his associates were desperate to come out of the jail. They smuggled in a cellphone and plotted the escape. They managed to smuggle iron cutting blades inside the jail. They organized a feast and mixed sedatives in the 'halwa'. When most of the inmates were fast asleep, they cut through the iron grills, scaled the roof and reached the rear wall of the jail,\" said a crime branch officer.Their associates were waiting for them outside and they threw ropes over the boundary wall and they escaped. \"He disclosed that the reason for his escape was to complete his unfinished business of killing persons inimical to him,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226830", "title": "Pawar flip-flop on home department stuns all", "text": "MUMBAI: Maratha strongman Sharad Pawar's volte face on the deteriorating law and order situation in Maharashtra, particularly in Pune and Mumbai, has shocked not only high-ranking bureaucrats and top police brass, but also his own colleagues in the NCP. A week after serial blasts in Pune, Pawar had come down heavily on the home department, led by his trusted aide R R Patil. Pawar, then a former CM, had observed that due to dereliction of duty at all levels and complete failure of intelligence agencies, Pune had remained the target of terror groups. His contention was that despite past instances of terror attacks, law enforcing agencies had not learnt lessons and it was time that the home department initiated stringent measures to restore confidence. It was assumed that Pawar will divest Patil of the crucial home department.On August 11, when riots broke out in parts of south Mumbai after a section of protesters went on the rampage, law enforcing agencies were at the receiving end for complete mishandling of the situation. It then came to light that while the permission for the protest march was given after a senior cabinet member called up the Azad Maidan police station and despite specific intelligence inputs that the protesters will resort to largescale violence, no measures were taken to prevent violence.In fact, rioters went on the rampage in the presence of the DCP, additional commissioner and joint commissioner of police. Not only law enforcing agencies, but also R R Patil drew criticism for inept handling of the situation, but unexpectedly, Pawar came to the rescue of the home department, saying, the situation was dealt with professionally and there was no dereliction of duty at any level. If that was the case, then why were Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik and joint commissioner Rajneesh Seth shunted out?Illegal Pune partyThe Pune police, led by senior IPS official Gulabrao Pol, was in a state of shock when deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who is also the guardian minister of Pune, asked him to initiate criminal proceedings against a resort owned by his close relative and also shunted out a deputy commissioner for dereliction of duty. A week ago, on a tip-off from a section of parents, when a team of police officials raided a resort on the outskirts of Pune, they were surprised to find over 300 school children consuming liquor in blatant violation of rules. In fact, the local police station was alerted in the morning on the day of the party, but the officials did not take cognizance as they knewthe resort was owned by Ajit Pawar's relative.However, in the evening, when some parents knocked at the doors of the police station, cops visited the resort. They not only found illegal stock of liquor, but also found the schoolchildren consuming liquor. As a routine case, the police officials booked two students, who were later released on a personal bond of Rs 2,000 and the resort manager, who too was released on a bond of identical value. Ever since the liquor party rocked Pune, there was a demand to take action against the owner. It was contended that though he had given the resort on lease to a third person, as a licensee, he can't escape responsibility. It was believed that in view of the owner's relations with Ajit Pawar, no action will be taken. Ajit Pawar quickly stepped in and asked the Pune police to book the resort owner and simultaneously, shifted the zonal DCP for his failure to curb illegal activities.Image matters for NitishMore than the arrest of Abdul Qadir Ansari, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar was worried over the massive damage caused to the image of his government, since Ansari was arrested from the outskirts of Patna when he was trying to flee to Nepal. Ansari has been accused of completely vandalizing the martyr's memorial near the BMC office.Ever since Nitish Kumar took over Bihar's reins, he has taken stringent measures to improve the state's image. Besides successfully implementing the poverty alleviation plan, Kumar's biggest achievement was that he was able to improve the law and order situation. He ensured that not only bureaucrats, but also senior IPS officials were visible on the road. Disturbed over the Mumbai episode, Kumar asked the Bihar chief secretary and DGP to secure information from their Maharashtra counterparts on Ansari's role and the circumstances under which he was arrested from Patna. Apparently, the Bihar government questioned the propriety of the Mumbai crime branch to arrest Ansari from Patna without its permission. According to an IPS officer, had the Bihar government studied the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code carefully, they would not have had such questions. Under Section 48, an officer authorized to arrest a person can pursue him/her to any place in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228554", "title": "Historically, Goa's sound tech travelled miles", "text": "PANAJI: Little known aspects of the state's heritage, sound language, agricultural traditions and curious practices, which are on the verge of fading away, received attention at a seminar in the city.Vocal sounds, conches and bells formed part of a traditional communication technique to convey messages when nothing else was available, folklorist Vinayak Khedekar, a speaker, said.Much before the modern means of communication were invented, the people resorted to various modes of conveying their message.\"When people went into the forests, they communicated only through vocal and other sounds to remain in touch with each other,\" Khedekar said.\"Even the Oiii... and Kuiii.... were meaning-oriented and understood by others,\" Khedekar said.The two-day conference was organized at Goa science centre by heritage activist, Prajal Sakardande, on 'Goan heritage: The positive legacy of history' with students of a city college as a target group to create awareness among them.Kairi, a folk instrument, fashioned out from the horn of the bison (Gaur) was an important medium for communication for people in villages. \"It had to be taken out from the bison carcass within three days of its death,\" Khedekar said.\"By blowing air into it (the hole drilled in its middle), one could produce a melodious sound,\" he explained.The needs of the tribals in those days were minimal. They needed to communicate to each other on four or five occasions and took recourse to the blowing of the instrument to convey the message. The instrument was used to announce any festive occasion, a hunting trip or a meeting the next day.\"Different sounds were produced from the instrument to convey each message,\" Khedekar said. The announcement about any community meeting the next day was relayed invariably after 7 pm on the previous day.Another interesting tradition among tribals living at high altitudes was the use of sound to pass some message on to others. A sound message was conveyed to the first vaddo, which relayed it on to other people on hillocks. \"Within a few minutes, a 40-km distance was covered,\" Khedekar said.People, during those days, had the lung power to blow into the instruments. The church or temple bell was also effectively used as a means of communication. \"In case of an emergency, the ringing of bells was, and is still available, in a church, but not in Hindu temples,\" he said.Gosavis, who are temple mendicants, used a conch (shank), on their rounds of ritualistic alms. The poder (bread seller) used a staff or a horn to announce his arrival.Victor Hugo Gomes, a museum curator, continued where Khedekar left off and provided insights from his research into sound communication between man and animals.\"A gaddgaddi, a bell with wooden parts in a hollow bamboo tied around the animals neck helped man keep track of their movement,\" Gomes said.The Dhangar community used surpawa (flute) to guide animals back from their pastures. Each community produced a variety of interesting sounds to issue commands to pigs, goats and cattle.Gomes, who has recorded oral traditions of the agrarian past by interviewing elders said our ancestors lived in a content, self-sustained system, but the second generation destroyed it. \"There is hope that the generation will go back to what is destroyed,\" he said.Mechanization has led to impoverishment of Konkani language. Gomes said there are 17 different operations in the field before the food reaches the table. \"Now you hire a machine and till the field, but earlier, one used a volloi or a danto to level the field and loosen soil,\" he said. Their use in local parlance enriched the language.Human heritage was another interesting aspect covered at the seminar. Leela Ribeiro, an associate professor spoke about Percival Noronha, a multi-faceted personality with interests in heritage conservation, astronomy and art, among others.Sushila Mendes, a lecturer spoke on Luis Menezes Braganza, a writer, journalist and freedom fighter.Varad Sabnis, an archaeologist, spoke about the condition of protected monuments, as maintained by archives and archaeology department. Though lakhs of rupees have been spent during the past few years, he raised fears that neglect and poor quality of conservation is posing a threat to their survival.The department spent more than Rs 20 lakh on conserving Jain Basti of Bandora, but it is now covered with vegetation and damages to the structure are visible. Many other monuments are in similar or worse conditions, he said.Among others who spoke were Suphala Gaitonde on 'Food heritage of Goa', Remy Dias on 'Konkani opari ( sayings) a bhandar for understanding Goa's history', Rohit Phalgaonkar on 'Vaishnavism in Goa: an iconographic study', Prajal Sakhardande on 'In search of my heritage village: Ameshi', Vinod Kankonkar on 'Women empowerment through folk dances and folk festivals'.Seema Risbud spoke about Goa's freedom struggle, 'Text as heritage,memoirs, memories, archives of Goa's freedom struggle', Poonam Verma on 'Why we should conserve', Sanjiv Sardesai on 'Heritage tourism: Going, Goaing, Goan', and Lourdes Bravo da Costa on 'Knowledge heritage: Save the written and printed word'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16228053", "title": "CBI plugs holes in Sohrabuddin case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There could be a new twist to the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter probe. The CBI is now preparing to file a supplementary chargesheet in the fake encounter case in which 13 police officials, including three IPS officers, have been arrested. Former minister of state for home of Gujarat, Amit Shah had also been arrested. The CBI had taken over the Sohrabuddin probe in 2010 under the directive of the Supreme Court.The supplementary chargesheet, said sources in the CBI, is aimed at providing more evidence to the court against the high-profile accused in the case which is likely to have been triggered by repeated appeals made by Shah in the Supreme Court and suspended IPS officer Abhay Chudasama in the Gujarat high court.Shah and Chudasama have told the courts that the CBI does not have enough evidence against them in the case. They claimed that the CBI has only got witness statements against them. Faced by these repeated appeals of the accused, the probe agency now wants to bolster evidence against them in the supplementary chargesheet.Even with the CBI, the investigation has changed hands thrice. First it was headed by superintendent of police of CBI\u2014Amitabh Thakur, then it was assistant SP Vinay Kumar and now by SP Sandeep Tamgadhe.According to CBI sources, \"The legal cell of the investigating agency has told the sleuths, who are probing the case, that if glaring loopholes in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case are not plugged immediately, the case will not be able to stand scrutiny at the trial stage in court and most of the accused will stand to get bails easily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228485", "title": "Nashik athletes shine at meet in Pune", "text": "NASHIK: The 24th edition of the West Zone Junior Athletic Tournament was held at Balewadi in Pune which saw Nashik athletes stealing the show. The three-day meet had players from six states of the west zone. but still the Nashikites were able to steal the show.The city athletes brought glory with 7 gold medals, 5 silver medals and 6 bronze medals. Coach Veejendra Singh said, \"Our young brigade is raring to step in the shoes of Kavita Raut and Monika Athre.\" The tourney was conducted by the state athletic unit for boys and girls of U-14, U-16, U-18 and U-20 groups.The gold medal winners from Nashik were Durga Deore for 600m in U-14, Anjana Thamake for 1,000m running, 400m running and medley in U-16, Kisan Tadavi for 1,000m and 3,000m running in the same age group and Govind Rai in discus throw in the U-20 age group. The silver was bagged by Namdeo Khade for 600m running in U-14, Sanjeevani Jadhav for 1,500m running and Rishu Singh in 800m running in U-18, Kojagiri Bachhav in 800m running and Govind Rai in shotput and Hari Chavan in 4x400 relay in U-20. The bronze were clinched by Abheejet Hirkud (600m running), Sanjeevani Jadhav (3,000m running), Rishu Singh (1,500m running), Kojagiri Bachhav (800m running) and Gauri Rajole (hammer throw). Anjana and Kisan were thus the stars of the event while other were not far behind.All gold and silver medalists will represent the West Zone for the Inter-zonal tournament to be held from September 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226660", "title": "Manhunt for killer", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dongri police and crime branch have launched a manhunt for Suleman Shaikh, an employee of guest house manager, Abdul Qadir (55), who was found murdered in his room on Saturday.Shaikh worked as a sweeper in the guest house since the past few years, and is believed to have fled to Kerala. On Saturday, Qadir was found lying in a pool of blood by other employees.He was rushed to JJ hospital but declared dead before admission. Cops believe financial dispute could be behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16226695", "title": "Vijay Telang resigns as Vidarbha coach", "text": "NAGPUR: Barely four and half months after he took over the reigns of Vidarbha Ranji team, former skipper Vijay Telang has resigned from the coach's post citing health reasons.After being away from Vidarbha Cricket Association's functioning for nearly two decades, Telang had finally accepted the coach's job on an honorary basis replacing another ex-skipper Usman Ghani this April. However, it turned out to be a very short stint for this 60-year-old.\"The VCA's executive committee has accepted his resignation. He has cited health grounds. The job of a Ranji coach was always going to be demanding and it was certainly taking toll on his health. We respect his decision but will certainly utilize his expertise in whatever way we can,\" sources told TOI on Sunday.Telang didn't tour with the senior team in Rajnandgoan for Twenty20 tournament in summer and also skipped the recently-concluded All India Buchi Babu tournament.While Telang has cited the personal reasons, sources said he had other issues too. \"A straight forward person like him was always going to find it difficult to do work in this environment. He had some selection issues,\" sources said.A VCA official, who doesn't wish to be named, however, denied the theory. \"I don't think there's any controversy in it. He was working very nicely with the team and had all the freedom,\" he told.The sources also said that Sairaj Bahutule, who captained Vidarbha last season, is likely to take the dual role of coach-cum captain. If that happens, Bahutule will be Vidarbha's ninth coach in the last ten years.\"At the moment, this is the best options we have. He has the loads of experience and having spent sufficient time with the boys last year, he now knows a lot about Vidarbha cricket,\" sources said.\"It's shocking. While VCA has permanent manager for the last two three years, Ranji team doesn't have a permanent coach. None of the coaches have been given the long run. That's one of the reasons our side hasn't settled down yet,\" another source said.It was certainly a setback for Vidarbha before the important season. Vidarbha are placed in Group B with top teams like Tamil Nadu , Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Delhi, Haryana, Baroda, Maharashtra and Odisha this season.Telang had been working very hard for the past one year. He has watched all the important matches in the past one year or so and had thorough knowledge about the players.\"He brought back all the ignored players during the camp. At times, his decisions didn't go down well with the selectors but all he wanted was to create the competition among the players.The boys were gelling very nicely and that reflected in their performance in Rajnandgaon, Dorairajan Trophy and Buchi Babu. Most of the Ranji boys did extremely well,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16232440", "title": "Amdavadi cueists in 7-member Indian team for WBC World Billiards Championship", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dhvaj Haria is all set to make a splash when he debuts at the 2012 World Billiards Championship to be held in Leeds this October. Incidentally, the 7-member team named to represent India at the event has three cueists from Ahmedabad.Besides the defending junior billiards national champion Haria, former world champions Geet Sethi and Rupesh Shah will join Pankaj Advani , Sourav Kothari, Ashok Shandilya and Alok Kumar to represent India at the global event.The 10-day competition will be a unified IBSF/WBL championship and will take place at the Northern Snooker Centre in Leeds from October 17 to 28. The World Championships will be played on a dual format of time and 150 points up. Haria, who makes his international debut as an amateur, is a worthy team-mate of the legendary Geet, a nine times world billiards champion. \"I am on top of the world,\" said the 19-year-old.Now that he is in the league of extraordinary gentlemen, is he feeling butterflies in his stomach? The youngster was composed when he said: \"The tournament will be good exposure for me. It will be a good learning experience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233791", "title": "Ram Charan\u2019s Nayak audio in December", "text": "The audio songs release of mega power star Ram Charan's upcoming action entertainer Nayak will be held in December. The film's music director SS Thaman has completed recording 4 songs for the film with the remaining two songs scheduled to be wrapped up by October.The unit of Naayak has recently shot the remix version of 'Subhalekha Rasukunna' on Ram Charan and Amala Paul in Iceland. Director VV Vinayak will also shoot two more duet songs on Charan and Kajal Aggarwal in exotic locations of Europe and return to Hyderabad in the first week of September.Production sources inform that Nayak's audio songs release is being planned in December and the film will hit the screens in 2013 January. DVV Danayya is producing the film under Universal Media banner and Akula Siva is providing the script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16229086", "title": "Manipuri student's death: Laptop can help solve case, brother says", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the Manipuri student's death case, Chandigarh Police have failed to reach on any concrete conclusion. While the postmortem report could not ascertain the exact cause of death, deceased's sibling claimed that recovery of the laptop, which was stolen from their rented accommodation, could give some clues about the accused.Pangambam Ranjan alleged that his brother was murdered and claims that the missing laptop has some link with his brother's death. He now plans to take the e-route to find the laptop by spreading the word among his friends and known. \"Rabi had gone missing on August 25 and on the same day his laptop was stolen. There could be a possibility that the thief could have killed him for the laptop. I have spoken to Rabi's friends and I feel that the laptop has a major role in the case. We did not have any enmity with anyone so why should anyone kill my brother?\" questioned Ranjan. \"I am going to take the help of a social networking sites to find this laptop. It might help us reach the murderer,\" he added.A 20-year-old Manipuri student Pangambam Rabi's mauled body was found near the Dhanas Lake on Wednesday. Parts of his limbs were missing from the body. A special panel of doctors did the postmortem, but failed to ascertain the cause of death.\"Though the reason of death was not be confirmed in autopsy report but viscera samples have been sent to CFSL labs for test. Our probe is also on and we are questioning Rabi's friends and classmates to gather clues,\" said SHO Gurmukh Singh of Sector-11 PS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16232482", "title": "Coalgate: CBI dispatches teams to Chhattisgarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has dispatched its teams to Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand to probe alleged beneficiary companies in the controversial coal block allocation.CBI teams have reached the two states in connection with probe into alleged irregularities in coal block allocation and utilization, sources in the central agency said.When contacted, a CBI spokesperson clarified that no raids were taking place and the teams are there as part of the agency's ongoing preliminary enquiry (PE) into the alleged coal scam.The agency, which has registered a PE after Central Vigilance Commission referred to it the case of alleged irregularities in coal block allocation and utilization, is likely to register more than one case.At least 10 companies, which benefited from the coal block allocation, are under CBI scanner for alleged violation of norms, they said.The sources added that the agency is likely to register cases in different lots with nearly eight companies which could be booked in the first batch.The agency has already questioned senior bureaucrats who were overseeing allocation of coal blocks during 2006-09, they said. A CBI team led by a senior official recently visited coal ministry to meet a senior woman bureaucrat, they said.Meanwhile, the agency is also taking into cognizance the comptroller and auditor general report on alleged coal block scam which was tabled in Parliament recently. The sources, however, made it clear that CBI would not be going into policy issues but will limit its role to aspects where criminality could be established. The agency has also questioned members of screening committee including secretaries and joint secretary in the ministry, they said.The sources said the questioning of the coal secretaries, who also chair the screening committee, was done to understand the issues involved in the allocation of coal blocks during the period and so far, agency has not found any irregularity on their part. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16228985", "title": "\u2018Babe\u2019 , \u2018muffin\u2019 among most hated pet names for women", "text": "LONDON: So you thought your girl loved it when you called her sweet nicknames! Well, here is a reality check.According to a new UK study, terms such as 'babe' 'sweetcheeks' , 'snookums' and 'muffin' are the most hated pet names for women.The term 'babe' , made popular by Sonny and Cher's Sixties hit 'I Got You Babe' has topped the list of most hated pet names for women, the Daily Mail reported. 'Sweetcheeks' , 'snookums' and 'muffin' were also a definite no no, but terms such as 'gorgeous' , 'beautiful' and 'lovely' were considered acceptable. Americanized nicknames like 'baby girl' and 'baby doll' are also unpopular, along with 'pudding' and 'pumpkin'.The research commissioned by Siteopia.com also found that only one in five Britons calls their partner by their full name the majority of the time, with the same number admitting to using a private nickname when no-one else is around. Many of the men who took part in the study also confessed to referring to their partner with terms they would only use while she was out of earshot. 'The Mrs' or 'the wife' were still used by some men, while one in six quietly referred to their partner as 'the boss'.'Her indoors' was also a popular name for an absent wife or girlfriend, while one in 14 men had dubbed their loved one 'The ball and chain'.One in ten husbands and boyfriends admitted they let their partner call them a soppy nickname they would dread their friends ever finding out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228211", "title": "Power shutdown on Tuesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on September 4, Tuesday, between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work. Supply will resume before 5p m if work is completed earlier. Siruseri: Kanathur , Muttukadu, Vaniyanchavadi, Egattur, Sipcot Siruseri, Navallur, Thazhambur, Padur, Kazhipattur.Alandur: Alandur, Maduvankarai, Adambakkam, Meenambakkam, Thiruvalluvar Nagar, New Colony, VV Colony, Subba Reddy Colony.College Road: Anderson Road, Subarao Avenue 1st to 3rd St, College Road, Pycrofts Garden, Haddows Road, Pycrofts Garden Road, Greams Road, Shafi Mohammed Road, 109 &amp; 110 Nungambakkam High Road, Rutland Gate 1-6, DPI Complex, College Lane, Text Book Society, Moors Road, Anderson Road, Model School Road, Wallace Garden, Khader Nawaz Khan Road, Pantheon Road.Vyasarpadi Industrial Estate: S A Colony, Sharma Nagar, EH Road, Vyasar Nagar, BV Colony, Shastri Nagar, Palla St, Samiyar Thottam, West Cross St, Pudhu Nagar, West Avenue, Ganesapuram, Sundaram St, SM Nagar Area, Vyasarpadi Area, MKB Nagar, Vyasarpadi Industrial Estate.Saidapet East: Bazar Road, Vinayagampet, Alandur Road, Kothaval St, Jayaram Chetty St, Divan Bashyam, Karini Garden, Jones Road, West CIT Nagar, Kannamapet, South West Boag Road, Anna Salai, Jenus Road, Karaneeswarar Koil St, Subramaniasamy Koil St, Subramania Mudali St, Old Mambalam Road, Kodambakkam Road, Tod Hunter Nagar, Velachery Road, Venkatapuram, North Avenue, Arokia Mada Road, Sudiamman St, Mosque Garden, Potters St, Panpet, CIT Nagar 2nd and 3rd Main Road, Srirampet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16234016", "title": "Families have a day out at JCI meet", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the members of Ludhiana central wing of Junior Chamber International (JCI), a group of young entrepreneurs, discussed business strategies, the ladies wing '' Jaycerette '' attended an expert talk on beauty and health at a club in Civil Lines on Sunday.President of JCI Ludhiana central wing Tejinder Singh Sachdeva said, ''As it was a Sunday, we decided to organize a business meet that was attended by 26 members. Their wives, meanwhile, took part in a beauty and health workshop. During our meeting, Raman Nayyar, a business trainer of JCI, delivered a talk, following which everyone enjoyed a lunch together.''The chairperson of JCI Ludhiana central Jaycerette wing, Neel Kamal Sachdeva, said, ''While our husbands talked business and trade, we devoted our time taking tips on beauty and health from Radhika Bhalla, an expert.''Appreciating the ''double workshop'', Kanav Khosla, an architect living in Civil Lines who attended the programme with his wife Shweta Khosla, also an architect, and two-month-old daughter Parnika, said, ''It was a wonderful programme. The business training lasted over two hours after which we had practice sessions. It was a great learning experience''. Shweta added: ''The beauty and health expert told us about the cosmetics that should be used and the ones that we must stay away from. Later, all the ladies chatted with each other and had a delicious lunch together. It was a complete family affair as kids also accompanied their parents for the get-together.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232562", "title": "Cops clueless about 'abducted' woman", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 24 hours after the alleged kidnapping of a woman from a crowded place, the city police continue to be clueless. Manju, 38, a resident of Aishbagh, was heading towards her office when unidentified persons kidnapped her in a car bearing registration number MP09-EL-3141. Later, the car was found registered in the name of her husband, Madhusudan, who hails from Indore. A police team sent to Indore to trace the woman is yet to locate him there. Investigating officials said Madhusudan stays in Rishi Nagar locality in Indore. The local police have been contacted to nab him as prima facie he appears to be the prime suspect in the case. The motive of abduction would be ascertained only after the woman is recovered, the police added.Loot: A man was beaten and cash and mobile phones were looted from him in the Govindpura Industrial area here on Saturday. The Ashoka Garden police said Subhash 24 is a manager in a factory. He was heading for his office in the afternoon when three bike-borne persons intercepted him in the industrial area. Later, two of them pounced on him and looted his bag after beating him. The bag was carrying Rs 5,000 cash, 2 mobile phones and some documents. The victim also sustained minor injuries in the incident. The Ashoka Garden police have registered a case in this regard and said efforts are on to nab the unidentified accused.Suicide: A student of class X allegedly committed suicide in Rajeev Nagar under the limits of Piplani police station here on Saturday. The police said body of the deceased, Rishabh 18, was found hanging in his house in the afternoon. The police ruled out recovering any suicide note from the spot that could ascertain the exact reason of the extreme step taken by the teenager. However, the grieved family told the police that Rishabh was unwell for a long time and had also failed in the class X exams due to his illness. Investigations remain underway in the incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231667", "title": "Allahabad traders wary of frequent thefts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Members under the banner of Vyapaari Sangrash Samiti, UP and Janhit Sangrash Samiti on Sunday demanded senior police officials to initiate corrective measures for the safety of business establishments in the Sangam City. Staging a demonstration at Ghantaghar Crossing, leaders said that there has been a rise in the cases of thefts and snatching, but it seems that policemen are still sleeping in a deep slumber.The traders further raised the issue of theft case at Gupta Digital Zone where unidentified burglars had stolen cameras and accessories worth Rs 50 lakh under Kotwali police station five days back and demanded senior police officials to take necessary actions to crack down the incident.Traders alleged despite passage of five days, the police are still clueless regarding the incident. The traders further demanded to increase patrolling in prime market areas and also ensure the detection of the network of gangs involved in thefts and burglaries.A senior trader leader Kuldeep Chaurasia said, \"Traders would be opting for chakka jam, if police failed to work out the camera shop burglary incident at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16233847", "title": "'Bad blood with unit prompted ex-Navy SEAL to write Osama book'", "text": "NEW YORK: A former Navy Seals commando, against whom the Pentagon has threatened legal action for writing a first-person account of the Osama bin Laden raid, breached the military's non-disclosure agreements because of \"bad blood\" with his unit from which he had been \"ostracised.\"A new e-book written by other Special Operations veterans reveals that Matt Bissonnette, author of the book on the May 2, 2011, raid that killed bin Laden, was effectively pushed out of SEAL 'Team 6' after he expressed interest last year in leaving the Navy and starting a business.Bissonnette was upset at how he had been treated and the \"bad blood\" with his former unit led him to break \"the code of silence\" honored by many commandos. He felt less compunction about writing a book that he knew might upset colleagues, according to a report in the New York Times.Bissonnette's book 'No Easy Day' is written under the pseudonym Mark Owen. The e-book 'No Easy Op' is scheduled to go on sale today, a day before Bissonnette's book is released.\"How was he repaid for his honesty and 14 years of service?\" a passage of the e-book reads. \"He was ostracized from his unit with no notice and handed a plane ticket back to Virginia from a training operation.\"The Pentagon has threatened to take legal action against Bissonnette, saying he violated his signed agreement not to divulge classified information.The e-book offers a few details about Bissonnette's team. It says team members loudly celebrated their successful mission at a bar in Virginia Beach, causing them to be reprimanded.In a statement, Kevin Maurer, a journalist and co-author of 'No Easy Day', said: \"After spending several very intense months working with Mark Owen on this book, I know that he wrote this book solely to share a story about the incredible men and women defending America all over the world.\"Any suggestion otherwise is as ill informed as it is inaccurate. What's more, Mark has an unshakable respect for the US military, in particular the men he served with. That's why not one negative word was written about anyone he served with.\" The e-book calls Bissonnette \"an operator's operator.\"While the authors say it is highly unlikely that Bissonnette revealed any vital information about SEAL tactics and procedures, they criticised Bissonnette for not submitting the book to defense authorities for review.They said he could have eased concerns about security leaks. The e-book also describes differences between SEAL members and other Special Operations forces.In the infantry-bred world of Army Special Operations, the authors write, \"No one wants to hear braggarts telling tall tales of their heroics,\" while \"a culture of boasting and arrogance continues to haunt the SEALs.\"The authors feel that 'No Easy Day' \"will result in blowback that will drive policy change across the entire Special Operations community regarding operators' ability to write books in the future. Hollywood and media access will be virtually impossible for the foreseeable future.\"'No Easy Op' is a product of sofrep.com, a website produced by former commandos and focussed to the news, culture and weaponry of Special Operations forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228342", "title": "Meet Chennai's own Oscar Pistorius", "text": "CHENNAI: It was only when H Abdul Salam stepped up to the starter's block for his 100m freestyle race - a race that he eventually won - that many realised he had only one leg. The 35-year-old was competing at the Tamil Nadu State Masters Aquatic Meet held between August 31 and September 2 at the Sports Development Authority of India complex in Velachery.The 100m freestyle gold wasn't the only medal that Salam won at the meet - he also managed three bronzes and a silver medal, much to the delight of his coach and teammate M Vijayakumar. \"I had my first swimming class last year,\" says Salam, who works at a catering institute in Madurai. \"In the beginning, swimming even 10 metres was difficult because I have only one leg,\" he adds.Despite his initial frustration, Salam decided to stick it out. \"When he swam six hours at a stretch one day during his training, I realized he was ready to compete,\" says Vijaykumar. While Salam plans to compete in swim meets for the physically challenged, Vijaykumar says a couple of months ago he realized Salam was actually fast enough to compete for the master's Meet.The weekend master's meet brought together more than hundred swimmers from various parts of the state - Erode, Cuddalore, Salem, Madurai, and Chennai - from various walks of life - former national champions to swimming coaches, industrialists, doctors, and lawyers, in age groups that went from 25 to 80 and above, in events that ranged from 50m sprints to the longer 400m races.Among the swimmers was S Muthukumarasamy, a 77-year-old retired professor and tuition master, who can best be described a compulsive sportsman. \"I take part in international competitions for 100m sprints and pole vault. Sometimes I play tennis and I also take part in the swim meets,\" says Muthukumarasamy, who bagged four golds over the weekend. He is off for the veterans games in China soon. \"In the 2011 Asiad I won a silver in pole-vaulting, let's see how I do this time,\" adds Muthukumarasamy.Chennai club Orca bagged the masters overall championship for men and women. Chennai team Turtles won the overall championship in the state seniors aquatic meet which was also held the same weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227248", "title": "Delhi\u2019s last chance to be a green city", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new areas of Delhi, categorized as 'urbanizable areas' in Master Plan 2021, are mainly tracts of farmland dotted with farmhouses. But now that they have been opened up for urbanization, city-based urban planners and architects want the government to take steps before the developers grab the land and turn these areas into another Gurgaon.Planners see these areas as a \"golden opportunity\" to place Delhi on the global list of eco-cities. The opening-up of over 60,000 hectares for urbanization to accommodate about seven million people can be a real test for building an alternative city.Urban planners insist on urbanizing these villages while maintaining an ecological balance. They say that without any guideline, real estate giants will raise huge skyscrapers but with no security for water or power or very less pedestrian space. There are reports of large areas already being bought, leaving little time to make interventions to design a better peripheral city. Planners suggest that the Delhi government prepare a set of guidelines that builders should abide by to create a \"sustainable city\".\"It is a great opportunity to rectify what has gone wrong. We are not talking about very expensive technologies here. It may actually cost far less if private and public developers adopt these technologies. But once the city develops, there will not be any room for change,\" says A G K Menon, architect, urban planner and conservation consultant.Planner and architect Vinod Gupta also stresses that \"The development of these fringe areas are the most interesting aspect of Delhi today. Here we have an opportunity to do what has not been done so far. We can study the topography and create norms for builders that will reduce the pressure on the environmental resources quite a bit\".According to Menon, all buildings should compulsorily develop rainwater harvesting structures in the building, orient the buildings depending on the location and use landscape to minimize energy consumption and ensure optimum density of population in the new areas so that the peripheral cities are less resource intensive.\"Rainwater harvesting has been made compulsory. But it should be inbuilt in every new construction in the new areas. Building materials are also important. Look at Gurgaon, they have used so much glass when it doesn't suit our environmental conditions at all. The guidelines should specify eco-friendly building materials that require less energy during construction and will help reduce the cooling or air-conditioning load later,\" adds Menon.Planners are also concerned about the optimum population density. It should neither be low density, leading to use of more resources for very few people, nor can it be very high density as \"we don't have the infrastructure to support it. We need to know what is optimum\", says Gupta.The director of Indian Institute of Human Settlements, Aromar Revi, also bats for optimum density. \"A core principle of sustainable urban design is to plan and incentivize condensed urbanism and contain sprawl. This makes cities more livable because many parts are then walkable, which reduces traffic. It also increases access to jobs as poor people have to travel less, and increases water and energy efficiency because these services don't have to be delivered over long distances.\"Revi also thinks many parts of core Delhi are still low density. It will have an extensive Metro network connecting most parts by 2016 \"This will enable people to use more public transport, leading to reduced congestion, air pollution and GHG emissions,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16229496", "title": "Old evidence to be used against Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch has abandoned its plan for now to dispose of some of the material evidence seized in 26/11. Officers say it now intends to use the same articles in the case against Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.During and after the 2008 attack, the police had recovered 10 AK-47 s, 26 magazines , four pistols, five hand grenades, a dinghy with a Yamaha engine, a satellite phone, five cellphones, a GPS device, 15 blankets, personal articles like clothing, medicines, packets of food, among other things.The crime branch was considering getting rid of the dinghy, the cellphones and the GPS device, but put off the idea because Ajmal Kasab's appeal against his death sentence was pending. The punishment has been upheld. But now, officers believe, the items can be used against Jundal, who is accused of \"teaching Kasab and the other nine terrorists Hindi as well as a bit of Marathi\" . He is also said to have guided from a control room in Karachi the two terrorists holed up in Nariman House.\"Now the same evidence will be used to prosecute Jundal since he was also a key player in the 26/11 conspiracy ,\" said an officer. During interrogation, Jundal told the police that he was aware of the terror plot and had seen the 10 terrorists, including Kasab, taking arms and ammunition training. He also witnessed them learning the workings of the GPS device.An officer said, once the Jundal case is over, the seized AK-47 s and pistols may be kept at the police museum to be built at the force's headquarters . \"What if Pakistan some day hands over the other accused to us?\" said an investigating officer.The pistols, grenades and other arms are important pieces of evidence to prove the Pakistan link, officers asserted . \"We have already established that an Austrian arms company, whose marking was found on the grenades , has a franchisee in Pakistan,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16227994", "title": "Dentist's suicide: Victim\u2019s husband accused of mental torture", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mother of a suicide victim in Amraiwadi, accused her son-in-law of mental harassment and demand for dowry in a complaint registered on Sunday. Police have started investigating the case and have recorded his statement.According to Amraiwadi police officials, Darshana Diwan, 24, a resident of Vrindavan Flats on Hatkeshwar-Jogeshwari Road, was a dentist working in a private hospital in Maninagar. Diwan was found dead in her house on Friday by her neighbours when despite knocking the door several times, she did not respond. She had hanged herself in the bedroom.Police investigators also found a suicide note from the spot in which she mentioned that nobody was responsible for her decision to commit suicide and that police should not harass anybody.She had married Dr Prakash Diwan, a resident of Indiranagar, some time back in a love marriage. However, the couple soon parted ways and she was living separately without divorcing him.\"Rekha Vaghela, her mother, mentioned that she ended life due to harassment by Dr Diwan. He wanted money to construct a hospital and was thus pestering her. She also mentioned that Darshana suspected him of an extramarital affair.This prompted her to shift to another place in the city,\" said an Amraiwadi police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227710", "title": "Tribute to a legend", "text": "KOLKATA: Uttam Kumar would've turned 86 today. Perhaps, we should desist from using the past tense as the actor's popularity shows little sign of waning. Just walk into Nandan complex and you'll find a crowd around Siddhartha, an artist who sits there making sketches of the actor.Siddhartha has turned the corner into a country cousin of the famous West Bank of Paris . Every evening he sits with a box of conte and sketches familiar portraits. Almost everyday they get picked up. While the photographic reproductions sell for Rs 50, the original sketches are sold for anything between Rs 200-300. \"Today being the legend's birthday, I will sketch only Uttam Kumars,\" said the artist, ecstatic on seeing the crowd.Nature's childrenThe little ones from across four city schools have painted 6,000 picture postcards and sent them to a Haldwani (Uttarakhand) school to protest against the felling of a huge tree that supported a big heronry on it. Over 250 egrets and their chicks, a protected species, were killed after the tree was felled by the Haldwani school's administration. Following a report in TOI, Sanctuary Kids for Tigers and SHER (Society for Heritage and Ecological Researches) organized a unique postcard campaign to protest against the heinous act.Close to the wildIs your heart longing for glimpse of the wilderness? You needn't travel far. Just grab a copy of the wildlife magazine 'Ekhon Aronyak' and bring alive the wild in your study room. Launched three years back, this bimonthly magazine was conceptualized by Sachi Kanta Chakrabarty, former principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) of Karnataka, Colonel Shakti Banerjee, Bengal representative of Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI) and Kamal Banerjee, head of department of zoology of Presidency University. The members of the editorial board are also planning to hold awareness campaigns in different schools and colleges in the state.Speech actThis Sunday morning was delightfully different for those who were at National Library's Bhasha Bhavan attending a lecture by professor Mushirul Hasan, director general, the National Archives of India.Hasan spoke on: \"Being in Jail: the colonial experience\" at the second BS Kesavan lecture. Kesavan was the first librarian of the National Library in independent India and had pioneered the teaching of scientific documentation in India. A recipient of the Padma Shri award, he died on February 16, 2000. To celebrate 175 years of the founding of Calcutta Public Library, the National Library, Kolkata has started a lecture series in 2011 to honour his memory.Cleaning in styleCall it a marketing strategy or pure cautiousness. People going to a major dry cleaner chain were told curtly to pay the entire bill while depositing their clothes. Usually, one has to give an advance and the entire bill is paid while receiving the clothes. This took the customers by surprise. \"Either pay or go to another dry cleaner,\" was what customers were told when they asked what would happen if the clothes got misplaced or damaged. Being the brand they are, they know people will come to them whether or not they like their newest strategy.Money mattersSome ATMs have been displaying a message for the last few days that the 'cash retraction facility' has been disabled according to an RBI mandate. Last year, RBI had advised National Payment Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) to disable the cash retraction feature in all ATMs by August 31, 2012. The system, which enabled the machine to take back the currency if it is not removed within a certain time, was withdrawn to deal with the increasing number of fraudulent claims about non-receipt of cash. Some people had tried to defraud banks by holding on to some withdrawn currency notes in ATMs and then claiming non-receipt of entire cash after the machine took back the rest. So, from now on the cash will remain in the ATM dispenser tray till the time it is not collected and will not get retracted into the ATM.Knowing the RedsRenowned documentary filmmaker Saumitra Dastidar released his book - My Days with the Peoples' Guerilla Army - at Kolkata Press Club on August 30. Dastidar is among the few filmmakers who first entered deep into the treacherous terrain of the Maoist badland Bastar in search of the Red rebels more than 12 years ago. His book is also the printed sequel to his film where he depicted a rebel force and their leaders who were dreaming to bring about a revolution across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858481", "title": "Now, endorse your wedding with a website", "text": "A homepage that greets you with picture collage of a couple, virtual flower petals trickling down the smiling faces, a quote on love forming the caption below it, and an instrumental version of 'Truly Madly Deeply' playing softly in the background...yes, that is how a typical wedding website looks like.The concept of personal wedding websites has been around since the early 1990s, but it picked up only after a large section of the society took to blogging. Over the years we've all received wedding invitations in plenty but how often have we been able to be a part of the wedding without actually being able to attend it? Today, online networking has surpassed the plain blogging standards, and social interaction is at its peak, thanks to Facebook, Twitter and such like. One can say that human behaviour on the 'World Wide Web' has undergone complete transformation and hence sharing pictures and videos of celebrations via wedding websites only feels like a natural progression. So while some people treat it like an extension of the traditional wedding card invitation, others use this customizable technology to reach out to friends and family who cannot be a part of their celebrations.Chaitanya Mutyala, US-based software professional who designed his own wedding website, says, \"Given the chance I would've loved to meet all my friends in India and invite them personally but that was not a practical option since I live in the US. At the same time, I wanted them to meet/know my wife and be a part of our wedding celebrations. That's when I came across a friend's wedding website and decided to create one for us too.\"What started as a fairly expensive attempt that only a few couples could afford back in the 90s, doesn't cost an arm and a leg in the current day and age. \"Creating a wedding website is as easy as running a blog. We create more than 5000 wedding websites in a month and if the content and pictures are in place, it takes less than an hour to create one such website,\" says Amit Bhardwaj, owner of a Hyderabad-based 'wedding website'. The concept has become highly popular and with time, the number of couples going for it is on the rise. Kaustav Mitra, a marketing professional from Kolkata who got married last year feels it is the easiest way to keep friends and family informed about all wedding events, venue, timings etc. \"My wife and I used both our names to create the domain for our webpage for friends to remember the link easily,\" says he.\"There has been a significant increase in the number of people signing up for wedding websites in the last few years. Some polls have estimated that over 70 per cent of the marrying couples in the US go for it. The number of our users from other parts of the world has been increasing at an even higher rate since 2010, and India has been on the top of the list,\" explains Gustavo, President of a Florida-based 'wedding website'.Of course, when it comes to domain duration, the choices are subjective. While some couples prefer registering a temporary domain that they can use for a specified period of time, others prefer an everlasting space for memories. \"But, it had to be a permanent domain for me. I wanted to use the space and store our special memories. This wedding event is the first chapter and I will continue updating it as and when new things happen to us,\" says Chaitanya.The pace at which technology has seeped into our lives is not surprising, but to estimate its potential in replacing the customs is an indubitable question. The refreshing technological innovation that wedding websites have brought with it might challenge the conventions, but the age-old tradition of going over and handing out the wedding invitation card in person accompanied by a box of sweets will always hold a special charm, come what may.arunima.mazumdar@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "16235439", "title": "4 people including two Americans killed in Peshawar suicide attack", "text": "PESHAWAR: A suicide attack on a US consulate vehicle in Pakistan's north-western city of Peshawar on Monday left four people, including two Americans, dead and 19 injured, government authorities said.Police officials said that an explosives laden car slammed into the US consulate's escorted SUV when it left the American Club on Abdara Road in the city's posh residential area of University town which also hosts offices of several international agencies, including the UNHCR. The blast was so powerful that it damaged several vehicles and nearby buildings and left a four feet wide and seven feet deep crater on the road. Imtiaz Altaf, Peshawar's senior police official said that 110 kilograms of explosives were used in the attack. \"Four people including two foreigners were killed and 19 others injured,\" he said.Mian Iftikhar Hussain, the provincial information minister of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province, said that two Americans were killed and two injured in the attack. \"The dead and injured are from the US consulate. It was a suicide attack. The suicide bomber targeted the US vehicle,\" he said. \"This is a dangerous move from the terrorists \u2014 they want to terrorise the foreigners,\" Hussain added.But the US embassy in Islamabad released a statement saying that no consulate staff was killed. \"We are seeking further information about other victims of this heinous act,\" it said.\"We can confirm that a vehicle belonging to the US consulate in Peshawar was hit in an apparent terrorist attack,\" the statement said.The two American and two Pakistani injured staff members were receiving medical treatment, it said.\"We stand ready to work with Pakistani authorities on a full investigation so that the perpetrators can be brought to justice,\" the statement added. When asked about the US embassy statement, the provincial minister said that government has proof of two Americans being killed in the attack. \"As soon as the consulate's four-wheel drive exploded, another SUV from the nearby American club rushed to the scene and took along the consulate's dead and injured staff members from the damaged vehicle,\" Hussain said.There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack but Pakistani Taliban , close to al Qaeda, had been blamed for many of the suicide bombings across Pakistan since it became a strategic US ally in the war against terror.The deadly attacks involving explosives packed cars had eased in recent months which observers believe was due to Pakistan's anti-US stance ever since it closed the Nato supply routes following the killing of its 24 soldiers in Nato aerial strikes last November.Terror revisited the country when it announced reopening of its ground routes for Nato supplies into Afghanistan. Peshawar situated near the volatile tribal areas bordering Afghanistan witnesses most of the terror attacks. At least 12 people were killed when a car full of explosives went off in the city's Mattani area on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16228552", "title": "Minister announces vigilance probe into Kerala road transportation graft case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The vigilance and anti-corruption bureau (VACB) will conduct an inquiry into the alleged financial irregularities in the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) depot in Sulthan Bathery.Transport minister Aryadan Muhammed made an announcement in this regard at Kalpetta on Sunday. He was speaking at a function organized by INTUC. \"Those found guilty will be put behind the bars and the government will ensure that such incidents are not repeated in future. The procedures to hand over the case to the Vigilance department is on and we will not allow even a single person to escape,\" said the minister.There were allegations from various corners that government was trying to sabotage the police inquiry into the case by delaying the investigation process. Some trade unions of KSRTC also alleged that the police were trying to save some senior officials involved in the fraud case.Initial investigation by the police revealed that the KSRTC employees in depot had swindled over Rs 11 lakh, by entering a lower amount in the daily collections in the system. Usually, the bus conductors deposit their daily collection at the cash counter after uploading the data from the ticketing machines to the master computer system at the depot. The verification is then done by the station master.But many conductors have allegedly deposited the collection at the counter directly and pilfered a good amount daily by entering a lower collection amount into the system.Police have registered a case against E Shajahan, senior assistant at the depot, and nine conductors in connection with the fraud case.Meanwhile, KSRTC has suspended Shajahan and the conductors from service. Five empanelled conductors were also suspended from service in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226769", "title": "Tattoo artist's body found in 16 pieces, cops say accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old tattoo artist met a brutal end near the railway tracks in Ganesh Nagar, east Delhi, where his headless body was found cut into at least 16 pieces on Saturday evening.The body of the victim, Paras Bhasin, was identified through his wife's name tattooed on his arm. The railway police suspect he was crushed by a train but his parents are alleging murder, claiming his wife's family had not accepted the marriage and had allegedly threatened Paras recently.Bhasin's family, which lives in Meenakshi Garden, west Delhi, said his mutilated body parts were spread across half a kilometre. Police have not yet been able to recover the head.The railway police they had not come to a firm conclusion regarding Bhasin's death. \"We suspect he may have been hit by a train. We are waiting for the autopsy report and investigations are underway. We are probing all angles,\" said a senior railway police official.Bhasin's family, however, alleged that his wife's kin had a role in the death. The Bhasin family the two had married at an Arya Samaj temple on May 9 this year. But his wife still lived with her parents, who were dead against the match.The family said Bhasin's wife had sent him a message around 1pm on Saturday, around three hours before his death, warning him about her parents. \"She also sent him a message which said, 'I apologize for my parents' behaviour. They shouldn't have insulted you like that! Please forget me',\" said Karan, Bhasin's brother-in-law.Bhasin had left home at 3.30pm on Saturday to meet his lawyer in an attempt to get his wife to stay with him. Police said he died around 4pm and the family was informed about it by an anonymous caller who called up Bhasin's mother more than 15 times in less than half an hour and provided the whereabouts of the body.The family members said the way Bhasin's body was cut, it was unlikely that a train had hit him. \"We found his arms at different places while the torso was found at a another place. His legs too were found chopped off and thrown away at quite some distance from each other. His phone was found crushed, with the SIM card removed. If at all he was crushed by a train, we suspect he was first murdered and then thrown on the tracks,\" said Karan.The family said Bhasin's wife had been living with her parents in Surya Nagar area of Ghaziabad. \"Even though she visited him secretly after work or on her way to a showroom owned by her family in Kamla Nagar, she never came to stay with us because she feared her parents. After the marriage, we too tried convincing them to let go for the sake of the children's happiness,\" said Sanjiv Bhasin, the victim's father, waving the marriage certificate.He and other family members, Bhasin's sister Surbhi and his mother, alleged that the girl's family members had called him to their house three days ago on the pretext of settling the matter and threatened him. \"Three days ago when they threatened to cut my son into pieces, we thought they were just angry and would calm down,\" exclaimed Sanjiv Bhasin, with tears in his eyes.The family alleged that the railway police and the local SHO were not investigating the case properly as no senior officer had contacted them 36 hours after the incident.Bhasin and his wife had met at a tuition centre six years ago, when the girl's family lived in Tilak Nagar, west Delhi. They grew close and often met each other. Bhasin's family said their relationship continued even after the girl's family moved to Ghaziabad. In May this year, they decided to tie the knot quietly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16227887", "title": "Dharampal was 'killed' in line of duty, say legal experts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The three men in the car that mowed down ASI Dharampal of Haryana Police early on Thursday morning are out on bail, leading to an outcry over the way offences were frame against them by the Kurukshetra police.Though the FIR related to Dharampal's death has eye-witness account saying that the car had hit him despite Dharampal's instructions to the driver to stop the vehicle, the police slapped a case of \"rash or negligent driving causing death\" (Sections 279 and 304-A) on the driver, while the other two persons in the car were booked under the excise Act for carrying illegal liquor.The incident happened in Ladwa, close to Kurukshetra, around 1.30 am on Thursday when Dharampal, who was on night patrolling, signaled a car - an Indigo bearing Haryana registration number - to stop for checking. ASI Balbir Singh, who was also on duty along with Dharampal, recorded in the FIR: \"the car came speeding from and did not pay heed to our signals, asking it to stop, and hit ASI Dharampal. The others were saved by the skin of our teeth.\" TOI has a copy of the FIR.In his confession statement, the driver Raj Kumar has said that he had instructions from the other two in the car not to stop the car at any check post, even if stopped by the police.Despite the statements by Balbir and Raj Kumar, the three accused walking free has led to a furore over the action taken by the police, especially after one of their own died in the line of duty.\"Investigating officers as well supervising officers have gone soft on the three to benefit them. The victim was on duty and the case calls for invocation of murder charges,'' says Punjab and Haryana High Court lawyer and human rights activist Navkiran Singh.\"Even if the accused refused to join the investigation or co-operate with the police, it could have invoked Section 353 of IPC -- causing obstruction in discharging duty by government servant -- which is non-bailable. Here someone who is your own has died. There is definitely something wrong in the investigation,\" added Navkiran.Senior lawyer of Punjab and Haryana High Court and chairman, World Human Rights Protection Council, said: \"This is a case of murder. An accident takes place all of a sudden while the accused are aware of the presence of the policemen and their motive of stopping the car. So, it is clear that the policeman was knocked down, resulting in his death. Here, the intentions of the driver and the co-accused are clear. There is no doubt that the policeman was murdered.\"\"It is shocking to know that the three accused are out on bail,\" said victim's brother, Vijay Pal.Kurukshetra SP Rakesh Arya, however, said in a text message to TOI: \"Appropriate sections have been applied as per law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "16227909", "title": "Team visits Lambi village to ascertain cause of hundreds of cranes", "text": "MUKTSAR: A team of wildlife department officials on Sunday visited Pakki Tibbi village of Muktsar district, where hundreds of common cranes were found dead a day earlier. Although officials are still not clear about the reason behind deaths, there is a strong suspicion that the birds may have died of pesticides in pond water. Officials have sent the carcass of some birds for post mortem examination.\"We got information about the death of birds on Saturday. Only postmortem report will make clear the reason of deaths,\" said Wild Life Sanctuary, Abohar range, Inspector Kulwant Singh. Pakki Tibbi village falls in Lambi constituency, which is represented by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.\"Thousands of birds had come here around three years ago and made their nests on trees. The birds started dying around a week back, but on Saturday we saw hundreds of them dead,\" said Amrik Singh, a villager.\"The possibility of deaths due to use pesticides thrown by farmers into a pond cannot be ruled out,\" said Hemant Kumar, Forest Block Officer, Ferozepur Range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16234930", "title": "Samsung Galaxy Y Duos Lite pre-booking starts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung is expanding its Galaxy Y Duos family in India. The company is reportedly launching Galaxy Y Duos Lite in the country on September 5. The dual-SIM (GSM + GSM) smartphone Galaxy Y Duos Lite is available for pre-order on the company's e-store on an advance payment of Rs 1,000.Samsung Galaxy Y Duos Lite has Google Android 2.3 or Gingerbread operating system and runs on 832MHz single-core processor. The phone with 2.8-inch QVGA display has a 2MP primary camera. It comes with 2GB of internal storage with microSD card support. There's 1200 mAh battery and the company's TouchWiz interface.The phone is expected to be priced between Rs 6000-7000.Key specs: Operating system: Android v2.3 (Gingerbread); Camera: 2 MP; Display: 2.8-inch LCD Capacitive Touchscreen; Processor: 832 MHz Processor; Connectivity: Wi-Fi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16233484", "title": "Class student killed in road accident in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 17-year-old school girl was fatally knocked down by a speeding tanker lorry at Ayapakkam near Ambathur on Monday morning.Police said the girl M Periyanayagi of Kamadhenu Nagar was riding her bicycle to school when she was hit by the lorry. Periyanayagi, a class 12 student in a private school in Athipattu, was following her younger brother Stephen who was going on another cycle a few meters ahead.She was trying to cross a slushy stretch when the lorry hit her and crushed her to death. The lorry driver was carrying water to a nearby village, police said. An angry mob who watched the incident from a distance caught hold of the lorry driver Rajendran (53) and staged a protest condemning the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "banagalore", "code": "16227328", "title": "Palike fails to dress up its schoolchildren", "text": "BANAGALORE: It has been four months since the current academic year got under way. But children in BBMP schools are yet to get their uniforms. Old students are wearing the same old uniform for days on end, and this certainly is not a right hygiene lesson for kids in their formative years. Freshers, with their colourful attire, stand out in the crowd, defeating the very purpose of a uniform. Giving school uniforms to children well after the academic year begins has become a habit with the BBMP. In the past 13 years, never have children got their uniforms, shoes and sweaters on the day Palike schools reopen. Mayor Venkatesh Murthy literally admitted this fact at the BBMP council meeting last week. MK Gunashekhar, opposition party leader in the council, raised the issue. \"This is my 13th year in the council, and I've never seen BBMP distributing uniforms to children on day one. It has been a consistent failure. Why hasn't it been rectified?\" the mayor asked. Those with the knowledge of how things work say the fault lies with tendering. The Karnataka Handloom Development Corporation, to which the BBMP issues work orders to supply stitched uniforms, needs three months. But work starts only in July, further delaying the supply. \"Stitching of uniforms has been tendered out and it'll be given within 30 days.Work orders have been issued to the Karnataka Handloom Development Corporation 50 days ago. By next month, uniforms will be supplied to students. We have already procured shoes and sweaters and they will also be supplied shortly,\" Hanumantha Raju, in-charge education officer, said. The delay in supply doesn't severely affect students who have been studying in the school over a year. They have the previous year's uniforms to rely on. But for students who have joined the school fresh or those who have outgrown the old ones, uniforms are a major problem. \"Though schools reopen in the last week on May, officials tender out the work only in June or July.When I got the files, I cleared them immediately. Next year onwards, we must start issuance of work orders in February itself so that students get their uniforms on time,\" said B Govindaraju, chairman of the education standing committee in the BBMP council. There are 22,000 students in BBMP educational institutions which include 77 nurseries, 11 primary schools, 35 high schools, 12 junior college and one degree college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16227864", "title": "Bansal rules out cancellation of coal block allocations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Union parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal on Sunday categorically denied that the government would cancel allocation of coal blocks in the wake of the Coalgate scam.Bansal, who was in Chandigarh, said that as CBI was investigating the case, there was no possibility that coal block allocations would be cancelled.\"Let the agency report come in first. Only after that, we would take a decision on what to do with the coal blocks,\" said Bansal.However, Bansal added that the government would review the status of 58 coal blocks which were allotted to both public and private firms, but were not developed within the stipulated deadline.He said that cancellation would be legally, economically and politically incorrect.Criticizing the BJP, Bansal said that party just wanted to tarnish the image of the Prime Minister by disturbing the Parliament because they don't want to discuss the issue in detail.\"The opposition has wasted over 70% precious time of the Parliament. On the one hand, they are demanding enhancement of Parliament session. On the other, they are not allowing to run the house,\" said Bansal.Rejecting any prospect of midterm poll, the Union minister said that government would complete the five-year term and that elections would be held in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16233774", "title": "RG Stone Urology and Laparoscopic Hospital commemorates 'World Prostate Month'", "text": "LUDHIANA: September is World's Prostate Month, and India's foremost Urology and Laparoscopy Hospital chain RG Stone Urology and Laparoscopy Hospital is commemorating it. Varied programmes including free camps, distribution of literature, health talks at all 15 centres across the country will be organized by the hospital with an aim to inform the general public about prostate problems, their early detection and treatment without resorting to open surgery. Also, RG Stone Hospital will be starting a Village Drive so as to be able to educate and offer free consultation to patients suffering from prostate problems in the neighboring places of Ludhiana throughout the month.Dr Bhim Sen Bansal, Chairman &amp; Managing Director, RG Stone Urology &amp; Laparoscopy Hospital said, The unique concept of Village Drive to be started by RG Stone aims to spread awareness of the importance of prostate health, providing easily accessible prostate health screenings, educating about risk factors and symptoms of prostate related diseases and advocating for further research on prostate health issues\"\". \"\"Today we are proud to announce that we have performed over 15,000 successful laser prostatectomies in a variety of complicated cases. Prostate is a walnut sized male reproductive gland located at the base of urinary bladder surrounding the urethra (urine pipe). In a normal adult, it weighs around 20 grams. The size of the prostate gland increases slowly with age in all males. This is known as Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) or lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS)\"\". \"\"This condition is a sign of aging and is very common in elderly males over 50 years of age. The increased size of prostate squeezes the urethra causing difficult and painful urination. In severe cases urination may even become impossible, which is an emergency requiring immediate attention\"\", said Dr Bansal. \"\"The symptoms include frequent urination, straining while urinating, urging even after urination, pain or burning during urination, and/or some amount of blood in urine.\" Dr Bansal, further said, \"Prostatectomy is the removal of all or part of the prostate gland. A variety of lasers have been developed to treat Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH). Each laser has its own unique optical distinctiveness that has resulted in considerably dissimilar clinical outcomes. Holmium Laser Enucleation of Prostate (HOLEP) can effectively treat the largest of glands with minimal morbidity. It completely removes the prostate lobes with immediate resolution of the obstruction\"\". \"\" Size is not the limiting factor for HOLEP; the largest gland enucleated in at RG is 424 grams. We are proud to announce over 15,000 successful laser prostatectomies at our hospitals in variety of cases like hypertension, diabetes , and patient with permanent cardiac pacemaker, thalassemia minor patient, etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16232838", "title": "Twitter won't screen 'offensive, harmful' content", "text": "SYDNEY: Popular micro blogging platform Twitter has refused to police vicious and abusive messages posted online, according to a report.Rachel Bremer, a Twitter spokeswoman, said the firm did not mediate content, regardless of whether it was 'potentially' offensive.\"Twitter provides a communication service that allows controversial posts even though some may disagree with the content,\" the Daily Telegraph, quoted her, as saying.\"We understand everyone has different levels of sensitivity towards content, and that you may feel uncomfortable with the posted content. If there is something that you don't agree with, or find insulting, it's best to block that user,\" she added.According to experts, for victims of relentless online abuse, it is rarely that easy.Vitriol aimed at Twitter users often comes quickly and from many quarters, making it hard for a victim to block each user before the abuse takes its toll.\"Quite often these cyber-trolls have a pack mentality,\" the report quoted Australian firm Lifeline spokesman John Mendel, as saying.\"So if the victim has exposed themselves and shown a weakness, they often invite further attacks from other people who misuse social media for these purposes,\" he added.The report also pointed out that Twitter's terms of service tells users they 'may be exposed to content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive'.They then go on to say that Twitter will not be held responsible for any of them.According to the report, neither Twitter nor Facebook offer direct phone support for users who are harassed online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228286", "title": "Uppal kidnap case: Brothel organiser's role suspected", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police suspect the role of a brothel organiser from Yousufguda in the abduction of four women from Ujjwalaa rescue home in Ramanthapur on Saturday.A group of assailants broke into the rescue home and abducted four women, Seema, Salina, Zareena and Lata on that day.Police sources revealed that the women were rescued from a brothel in Kukatpally and the organiser of the brothel, Sai was arrested. Police said Sai recently came out on bail and his role was strongly suspected in the abduction.The sources said a similar attempt was made two months ago at the rescue home, but the assailants fled from the spot after a woman raised an alarm.\"In addition to Sai, we also suspect the role of one Antony from Maharashtra, who is a relative of one of the missing women,\" an officer said. Both Sai and Antony are absconding and police have launched a man-hunt to nab them. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228773", "title": "Man killed at railway crossing", "text": "NAGPUR: Disregard for safety norms at a railway crossing cost a 50-year-old man his life at Kawrapeth on Saturday. Police said Pandhari Dewulkar, a labourer, was heading home at Swami Kolba Nagar on a bike.On approaching Kawrapeth railway crossing, he ignored the signal from the level-crossing guard and tried to sneak through the gate. However, before he could cross the track, his bike was hit by the oncoming Chhattisgarh Express. The impact was so great that Dewulkar was flung away along with the bike. A seriously injured Dewulkar died on the spot.Two other bikers were also injured while trying to cross the gate at the same time. Yashodhara Nagar police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228645", "title": "Soon, an annual exam for district's primary teachers", "text": "NASHIK: At a time when students have to face examinations four times a year to test their own knowledge, the primary teachers of the zilla parishad (ZP) will now also have to face exams once a year to upgrade their knowledge and to maintain teaching standards, the ZP education committee has said during its meeting held on Saturday.The panel has also decided to cut down the burden of non-education-related tasks on its primary school teachers. of the primary schools of zilla parishad.\"The teachers should be relieved from the responsibility of overseeing schools' construction, maintenance of classrooms, and managemment of the mid-day meals scheme. Instead they should be asked to update knowledge in their respective fields since this will help the children in the zill a parishad schools to score better in their own examinations,\" said Praveen Gaikwad, a panel member.The president of the education committee, Jyoti Mali, adopted the resolution stressing that conducting an examination for the teachers would help to improve the overall education scenario in the district.The committee also decided to take stern action against the teacher of a school in Niphad who reportedly entered the class room after being intoxicated. \"Such behaviour is intolerable. The teacher should be suspended with immediate effect,\" Mali said.Speaking about the introduction of 113 divisions for classrooms in the district, as granted by the state, the panel has adopted a resolution to begin working on the same.The state government has allowed the 113 new divisions in Nashik district according to norms that state per the norms that saythat there should be a primary school within 1km of a settlement, a higher primary school (from Std Vto VII) within 3km of a settlement, and a secondary school within a 5km radius.The panel has first deccided to carry out a survey of numbers of students in the respective locations and will then decide on starting the divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16227100", "title": "NCP minister's demand may delay Thane split", "text": "THANE: With NCP minster Ganesh Naik coming up with a new demand, division of Thane district into three separate districts may be delayed. Naik has sought to split Thane into four divisions and demanded that Navi Mumbai be made a separate district.The government recently gave its nod to divide Thane into three parts. Thane, with a population of 1.11 crore, is the biggest district in the country. It comprises three regions-coastal, rural and civil. The pressure on infrastructure to fulfill the needs of the areas is huge.Local leaders have been demanding a division of the district. Recently, NCP MLA and vice-chairman of Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation, Kishan Kathore, along with several Thane MLAs, together on the issue and met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who formed a committee to take a decision on the issue.Kathore suggested that the adivasi pockets of Palghar, Dahanu, Vikramgadh, Talasari, Mokhada and Wada-which comprise one-third of the district's population-be included in the proposed rural Thane district. These pockets have been suffering chronic underinvestment of public funds, low industrial progress and agriculture productivity.The proposed Kalyan district could include Kalyan-Dombivli, Bhiwandi, Ulhasnagar, Murbad, Sahapur and Ambernath taluka while the prosperous metros of Thane, Navi Mumbai, Mira-Bhayander could be included in the suburban Thane district, Kathore suggested. The population growth in the district is centred around these prosperous towns.The committee is set to submit its suggestions on the issue in September. However, sources said that now the panel according to sources, with Naik seeking to make Navi Mumbai a separate district, the committee will have to consider Naik's demand too.However, Naik's demand has not gone down too well with many leaders from Thane, including his party colleagues. NCP leaders say the demand is not logical as Navi Mumbai is close to Thane city. Area-wise, too, it is not eligible for a new district and hence Naik's new demand is unreasonable, feel NCP leaders.Refusing to comment on Naik's demand, Kathore said, \"I want the government to divide Thane district so that people in the tribal pockets can benefit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "16227950", "title": "Scores of cranes die in Muktsar village", "text": "MUKTSAR: A team of wildlife department officials on Sunday visited Pakki Tibbi village of Muktsar district, where hundreds of common cranes were found dead a day earlier. Although officials are still not clear about the reason behind deaths, there is a strong suspicion that the birds may have died of pesticides in pond water. Officials have sent the carcass of some birds for post mortem examination.\"We got information about the death of birds on Saturday. Only postmortem report will make clear the reason of deaths,\" said Wild Life Sanctuary, Abohar range, Inspector Kulwant Singh. Pakki Tibbi village falls in Lambi constituency, which is represented by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.\"Thousands of birds had come here around three years ago and made their nests on trees. The birds started dying around a week back, but on Saturday we saw hundreds of them dead,\" said Amrik Singh, a villager.\"The possibility of deaths due to use pesticides thrown by farmers into a pond cannot be ruled out,\" said Hemant Kumar, Forest Block Officer, Ferozepur Range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16229633", "title": "Green murder for biodiversity meet!", "text": "HYDERABAD: How does the city welcome its international delegates for the upcoming CoP-11 Biodiversity Summit? In a shocking irony, the municipal corporation is playing its signature tune of apathy. It has in the last two days chopped off the lush green cover dotting the stretch of road leading to the CoP-11 venue, HICC. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation has in a master stroke axed over 150-200 trees to widen the road from Hitex to HICC. And what exactly triggered this green murder? This road will be used for vehicles entering and leaving the summit venue. And to support the twisted plan, this leafy stretch has been stripped to its last leaf over the weekend, trees piled up on six trucks and transported .The irony of it all seems lost on the powers that be. The GHMC has put up many hoardings coaxing people to appreciate biodiversity ahead of CoP-11 and planting all kinds of shrubs and trees on road dividers and islands, but the message of conserving this biodiversity is lost on the officials themselves. The brisk chopping of trees of indigenous species including subabul, tamarind, banyan that started on Friday continued until Sunday evening. Less than a handful of these trees were translocated, given that chopping is cheaper than translocating , officials admitted. And it was evident from the haphazard cutting of trees that in most cases not even an attempt was made to protect the roots for translocation. All the trees were aged over 15 to 20 years or even more. There are a few trees still remaining and will be facing the axe over the next few days. By end of day on Sunday, municipal officials ensured that the stretch delegates would pass through starting October 1 would showcase their apathy towards protecting the city's green cover. A few evening joggers and walkers, mostly senior citizens, were stumped and were seen requesting the workers to stop this mindless act but in vain. They pointed out that the road width would not increase substantially even after this shameful exercise . Activists were livid with the senseless axing of trees. Gopala Krishna Peddi of Society for Awareness and Vision on Environment ( SAVE) said he had been trying to stop the felling since the last two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16233461", "title": "Artificial wetland constructed in Gandhinagar for migratory birds", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To invite winged visitors to Gandhinagar , the city division of the forest department has constructed a huge pond and planted vegetation typically found around a wetland. The water pond will be the first important stop for the migratory birds while they are on their way to Nalsarovar-which is one of the largest wetland in the state.The pond is spread over an area of 3,300 square meters. The project is being undertaken by district conservation of forests Bhavin Vyas. The pond is located within Punit Van garden and has a jogger's park at a distance. \"The pond is an artificial wetland, and is expected to be the first 'pit stop' for the winged visitors we have created for the winged visitors,\" says Vyas.Vyas claims that the pond has rainwater which was directed via huge ducts installed in the ponds catchment area nearby. \"We would maintain a water level of four feet, just enough for the birds to rests or stop by. The birds will be huge attraction for regulars who come to Punit Van,\" says Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16233507", "title": "Metro will ensure minimum displacementa", "text": "LUDHIANA: There will be minimum displacement of people while laying the underground Metro in the city.At a meeting in Chandigarh to review the progress of the Rs 10,300-crore Ludhiana Metro project, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal directed the authorities that since land required for execution of the project has to be provided by the state government, minimal displacement of people across the city should be ensured while executing the ambitious rail venture.Emphasis, he added, would be on executing the underground Metro corridor, especially in densely populated areas, even though it would be capital-intensive as compared to fully or partly elevated corridor.''The prime objective is to avoid undue harassment to people in terms of dislocation,'' said Badal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "16233631", "title": "Kerala workers in Oman in limbo over invalid medical papers", "text": "DUBAI: Some expatriates from Kerala are in for uncertain times in Oman as the medical certificates provided by a centre in the state have been termed invalid by the Gulf Sultanate's foreign affairs department.These expats have now approached the Indian embassy in Muscat urging it to alert other Indian migrants not to fall prey to Carino National CT &amp; Diagnostic Centre, which is providing medical certificates despite not being authorised to issue such certificates to Oman visa applicants, a news report said.The centre's main office is located in Goa and a branch is operating in Calicut, the Times of Oman report said.\"We landed in trouble by taking certificates from the centre. They made us believe that they have the right to issue medical certificates for visa services. One of the certificates which we sent to Oman was not cleared,\" Jaison and Sajeev told the newspaper.\"When we enquired about this with the hospital authorities they provided us a new certificate and told us there would be no problem in future. But when we landed here and went to the foreign affairs department, they said that National Hospital is not authorised to issue medical certificates to Oman visa applicants.\"All Indian nationals taking up employment in GCC-member countries are required to be examined and issued a medical fitness certificate.According to the report, when the Muscat-based social workers contacted the centre, they did not get a satisfying reply.\"I called the medic and the centre management. They were not providing us a proper answer. They behaved arrogantly, even though the mistake was made by them,\" Hussain, a Muscat-based social worker who helped the victims, said.\"We have decided to take up the issue back in India as well. If we don't stop this centre from issuing certificates, then more and more will be betrayed,\" Hussain said.The case has brought to light several instances of such invalid certificates following which the jobseekers have had to spend extra money to get the certificates again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16234152", "title": "'Help farmers get loan waiver benefits', urges JD(S) legislature party leader", "text": "MYSORE: JD(S) legislature party leader H D Revenna on Sunday urged the state government to release Rs 3,500 crore to cooperative societies to help the farming community get loan waiver benefits.According to him, the BJP government has waived off the loan as a diversionary tactics to cover up its failure in governance. \"If the government is serious about addressing the crisis in farming sector, it should release the funds to cooperative banks so that they pass on the benefits to the farmers. In case, Rs 3,500 crore is not released to the cooperative societies, they will go bankrupt,\" he said. Referring to some riders for availing agriculture loan waiver, he contended that they are prescribed to deny the benefits. He came down heavily on Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath for criticizing former PM H D Deve Gowda.Revanna said his party will go it alone in the polls and there is no need for a tie-up with the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16227687", "title": "DSP probing Gujarat police encounters resigns from STF", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Deputy superintendent of police Usha Rada has resigned from the Special Task Force (STF) formed by the Supreme Court to probe the 16 police encounters in Gujarat that took place between 2003 and 2006. Retired Justice H S Bedi heads the STF.DSP Rada was appointed as one of the investigators in the STF and had just begun investigations into three police encounters that had taken place in Valsad. Rada submitted her resignation from the special team shortly after she and her team visited the site of gangster Sanjay Singh's encounter in Valsad.A senior member of STF, inspector general of police A K Sharma, said: \"We've received Rada's resignation. She has said that owing to heavy workload it has become difficult for her to continue working for the STF. We have accepted the resignation and have also intimated the state government in this regard. We shall appoint another suitable officer soon.\"Rada resigned mid-way through the probe into police encounters conducted by suspended IPS officer Abhay Chudasama. Already arrested by the CBI in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, Chudasama was the boss of Rada between 2007 and 2010 when they were both posted in the crime branch. Senior police officers believe, \"This clash of interest may be one of the prime reasons for Rada to resign from the STF. Rada had taken charge of the Valsad encounter investigations three months back but she chose to resign now after paying a visit to the encounter sites in south Gujarat.\"Rada and her team had visited the site of the encounter in Valsad, along with forensic investigators and some witnesses in the case. All the witness's statements were also recorded at the site along with further questions about what they had perceived.After the encounter in 2005, an investigation was carried out by Gujarat police. The then police inspector of the local crime branch in Valsad, K G Erda, had headed the investigation. Erda was arrested in connection with the Gulbarg Society riot case of 2002, but is now out on bail. Two other cops who were members of that probe team - sub-inspectors Jitu Yadav and Rajendrasinh Sarvaiya - are now posted in Ahmedabad as inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16226776", "title": "FIR ordered over Awas Yojana scam in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: The district administration here has ordered FIRs to be registered against 15 persons after serious financial irregularities under Indira Awas Yojana and Chief Minister's BPL Awas Yojana were detected under Basanpeer village panchayat in the district.The orders have been issued by Jaisalmer panchayat samiti development officer on the directions of district collector Shuchi Tyagi.The order issued by the development officer to the gram sevak of Basanpeer Juni gram panchayat under Jaisalmer panchayat samiti quotes the report of physical verification done by the gram sevak saying that the beneficiaries who have been approved houses under Chief Minister's BPL Awas Yojana and IAY (additional and regular), have not started the work till now and beneficiaries have not been found at the address given by them.The development officer has ordered that in such a situation, FIRs shall be lodged against all these people who have misused government money and copies should be sent to development officer and zila parishad chief executive officer and send the compliance report within three days.As per the directions of district collector, cases will be lodged against 15 people of Basanpeer gram panchayat including Sarifo, Kuke, Rasida, Phooli, Dhapu, Mehra, Dhappi, Dhiya, Noor, Khatu, Fatma, Meeyan, Bacchi, Khiya, Hurmat and Dile Khan.On the other hand, the district administration, which initiated action after the news of scam and irregularities under Chief Minister's BPL housing scheme, has intensified the process of physical verification of the houses built in villages. District collector Shuchi Tyagi said that development officers of the three panchayat samitis have been directed to verify the houses on priority basis.In the meantime, information received indicates that though installments have been issued to BPL families for construction of houses, nearly 2,000 people, even after taking the amount, have not even dug the foundation.Government sources said that after this news, all the concerned gram sevaks have been given strict instructions to go to the spot and do physical verification of the houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231638", "title": "'Run for Vision' in Ranchi to spread eye care awareness", "text": "RANCHI: A run was organized here on Sunday in order to spread awareness about eye care and encourage eye-donations. Organized by Kashyap Memorial Eye Hospital, the \"Run for Vision\" had participants from various age groups. The programme was a part of the 27th National Eye Donations Fortnight.The run was flagged off in the morning from Ursuline Convent Purulia Road to the Kashyap Memorial Eye Hospital where the participants were addressed by governor Syed Ahmad, director general of police G S Rath and others.\"Vision is as important for a person as life. It is extremely difficult to live without vision. People should always support eye donation,\" said the governor. Similar views were expressed by the DGP.The governor also handed over a pair of spectacles to one, Balakrishna Ram, on the occasion. Families who have donated eyes were felicitated in the programme. It included Sampat Lal Nahata, Indu Tiwary, Kanak Vora, Nirmal Kumar Poddar, Vimal Kumar Maheshwar, Narbada Devi Bhala and Bharat Kausik.The governor presented mementos to these families to encourage more eye donations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16231766", "title": "NIA team probes source of Maoist weapons", "text": "Hazaribag: A three-member team of National Investigation Agency (NIA) from Delhi on Sunday visited Silodar forest from where foreign made weapons were recovered early this week.Police had recovered US made Colt and Hart manufactured M-16 rifle, Italian pistol and UK manufactured bulletproof jacket from arms supplier Prafulla Malakar and Maoist zonal commander Anil Yadav.The recovery was made from the Silodar forest located on the border of Barachatti police station of Gaya (Bihar) and Chouparan police station (Jharkhand) during an operation on August 29.Hazaribagh SP Manoj Kaushik said the NIA team, headed by Ashim Biswas, an additional superintendent of police along with two inspectors, visited the exact place of Silodar forest from where and how the weapons exclusively used by the US Army were recovered. \"They are also trying to know the link of the supplier and are studying whether it is entering the forests of Bihar or Jharkhand or collecting through the smugglers of arms or not. The main purpose of the investigating agency is to know the source from where and from which route the foreign made arms are reaching Bihar and Jharkhand jungles which are the dens of the Maoists,\" the SP said adding that it was also being analyzed whether the Maoists were having any link with the foreign militants.The duo - Malakar and Yadav who were remanded in judicial custody - are lodged in a high security cell of the Loknayak Jai Prakash Narayan Central Jail here. \"Police have taken them on seven-day remand. We have been allowed to interrogate in a closed room of the jail along with the NIA team,\" said the SP.Once the names of the top leaders of the Maoists and the places where the arms were supplied by Malakar to the Maoists in Jharkhand and Bihar are known, fresh raids will be conducted.The in-charge of Bihar and Jharkhand armoury, who is still in his early 20, had joined the Maoists at the tender age of five years and has been thoroughly trained by the top guerillas of the rebels, the SP said. \"His arrest and recovery of foreign made weapons have totally upset the top Maoists leaders of the country as this may be a big setback for the Red rebels in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228116", "title": "Railways told to pay passenger", "text": "BANGALORE: Collecting excess fare from a passenger who continues her journey by the same train in which she is travelling after missing the connecting one, amounts to deficiency in service, a consumer court has ruled. Hearing a complaint filed by Benzy Joseph, a resident of Electronics City, the court has directed South Western Railway to pay the complainant a compensation of Rs 5,000 for deficiency in service and Rs 3,000 as cost of litigation. In their August 17 order, president T Rajashekaraiah and member HM Shivalingappa of the 3rd additional district consumer disputes redressal forum gave a month's time to the railways to pay the compensation. \"The opposite party (railways) has impliedly admitted that the TTE has collected excess fare even though the complainant is not liable to pay it and for that reason, the opposite party has offered to refund that amount. In our opinion, the complainant was aggrieved due to collection of excess fare, and this gave rise to the dispute. Hence,we are of the opinion that collecting excess fare amounts to a deficiency in service,\" the forum observed. THE DEFENCE \"On a complaint from Benzy Joseph, we have initiated disciplinary proceedings against the TTE. Necessary action will be taken against the employee if misconduct is proved,\" the South Western Railway said. \"The employee in discharge of his duty has collected excess amount as the complainant did not have any authority to travel beyond Palakkad in train No. 16525. Considering that the complainant did not travel in the connecting train, the authority concerned offered to refund the amount but the complainant declined. Hence, she cannot have any grievance against the railways and the complaint is liable to be dismissed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16235321", "title": "Caught home alone", "text": "Ashelf in a bookstore is not a leopard's natural resting place but that's how a spotted big cat was seen in a Guwahati shop a few weeks ago. A week earlier, another leopard had walked into a neighborhood near Mumbai. And a week later, another one kept an entire village in Himachal awake with his midnight growls. Not a week passes when leopards don't make news for killing cattle, creating panic or for getting killed by an angry mob. Several have been shot or beaten to death as they made unscheduled appearances in residential areas on the fringes of fast-disappearing jungles in recent years. And more than 180 leopards were poached in India in 2011.The leopard remains India's neglected big cat. But despite raging debates which have focused on the dwindling numbers of the tiger, no one has bothered to find out why parts of the country were turning into war zones between humans and leopards. After all, it's not in their nature to find shelter and food in colonies or rural bazaars. Vidya Athreya, a Pune-based wildlife biologist and head of project Waghoba on leopards, might have cracked the mystery and also proved that the prevalent method of trapping the stray leopards and relocating them to faraway forests is flawed. Athreya's four-year-long study has thrown up some interesting points and put a question mark over the Forest Department's ways of dealing with human-leopard conflict.Across the country, wherever cattle are killed by a leopard, villagers run to the FD for help. Then the forest officials follow a fixed pattern: tranquilize it, put it in a cage and release it in a distant forest area. That's the end of the problem for them as they believe that the big cat doesn't return to its original pad. But Athreya's work \u2014 in a village in Maharashtra \u2014 has revealed that the spotted animal has a strong homing instinct. The leopard always comes back to where it belongs. According to Athreya's research, these big cats try to come back to their territory no matter how far they have been relocated. During her study, a radio-collared leopard was found to cover 120 km in 25 days. It crossed highways, villages and a big creek to get back to its territory. \"They try to occupy their place again, otherwise younger leopards looking for vacant territory occupy it immediately,\" says Athreya.Translocation has, in fact, has made the human-leopard conflict more intense. In Junnar forest division, Maharashtra, between 1993 and 2001, an average of four attacks on humans occurred each year. But after translocations, the number escalated to 17. Attacks particularly increased in areas where leopards were introduced from other areas. That could possibly be because of increased stress , loss of fear towards humans during capture, disorientation and even an attempt to make a dash towards its original territory.The study has other revelations too. For instance, many think that leopards attack cattle when they have strayed too close to human settlements. But that's not the case. Firstly, they haven't strayed; leopards are highly territorial and will not leave their homes. So if their territories overlap with humans it is because they consider that land theirs as well. Of the scats analysed in the leopard study, the most common prey was the dog, and not cattle. Through the camera-trap method and radio telemetry, the team found out that leopards and hyenas can easily reside in densely populated human settlements. \"It's normal for them to even live in areas with a density of 200 people per sq km. Leopards were found sitting quietly in sugarcane fields even as people worked there. Yet, without the conflict we would expect them to cause,\" adds the biologist.But leopards and humans can't co-exist. In Uttarakhand, for instance, man-leopard conflicts are so rampant that forest officers are running from pillar-to-post to find a solution. \"We don't know why conflicts are going up. Cattle killing and even human deaths are very common here. The problem is that few studies have been conducted on leopards. We are not sure if their population is increasing,\" says Neha Verma, deputy director at Uttarakhand Forestry Training Academy.So, what's the way out? Ullas Karanth, a conservationist, says that translocating leopards under pressure from local people is not the solution. \"Leopards will traverse hundreds of kilometres to come back. Long ago, we had radio collared a leopard and saw that it easily came back to its original area in Nagarhole,\" says Karanth. Everybody knows a leopard never changes its spots. It's time we knew it never changes its home as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16235152", "title": "Congress, BJP workers clash outside coal minister\u2019s house", "text": "KANPUR: The Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party workers clashed outside the house of Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal in Pokharpur on Sunday morning where the local unit of BJP held a demonstration, demanding cancellation of coal blocks allotted by UPA government between 2005 and 2009 and resignation of the minister. Jaiswal was about to leave his house to attend a function when the clash took place . The police resorted to lathi-charge in which many persons from both the sides received injuries.The protest turned violent when BJP workers tore Jaiswal's posters and blackened his face in the posters. This angered the Congressmen. They argued with the police, demanding immediate arrest of the BJP men. The two sides came at loggerheads. The police had to use force to disperse the crowd. BJP legislators Salil Vishnoi, Satyadeo Pachauri, Raghunandan Bhadauria and Congress workers, including corporators Naveen Pandit, Mukul and others faced police wrath. They faced lathicharge and had to rush for cover.Force from Chakeri, Cantt, Rail Bazaar, Babupurwa, Pheelkhana, Kotwali and Harbansmohal police stations had to rush to Jaiswal's house to avert any untoward incident. Senior administrative officials, including ADM city and others reached the spot to take stock of the situation.The incident took place at around 11.30 am. Hundreds of BJP workers, holding posters and placards marched through Lal Bangla and Pokharpur markets to reach Jaiswal's house, shouting anti-Congress slogans. They demanded Prime Minister's resignation and termed Jaiswal as 'chor'.The Congressmen were present outside the house of the minister, holding placards with anti-BJP slogans. The police had put barricades in the area to prevent a clash. The BJP workers were larger in strength. The two sides came face to face and shouted slogans against each other. The heavy police force formed a human chain and prevented the BJP workers from crossing over the barricade. Workers from both the parties clashed with each other and even manhandled policemen. The cops issued warning but the mob ignored it.The police tried to chase the unruly mob they were grossly outnumbered.The situation went out of control when the saffron party workers blackened the face of Jaiswal in the posters they were carrying. They also wrote on the road that 'Shriprakash chor hai'. This angered the Congressmen who charged at the BJP workers.By that time more police force came. The cops resorted to lathicharge and thrashed the workers of both the parties. It left several persons injured. They ran for shelter. The two sides started throwing stones at each other. The vehicles parked outside the house were damaged. The window panes of a car belonging to a Congress leader got damaged. The police warned to use tear-gas to control violence. It worked and the mob dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227221", "title": "Now, small buildings can go for green stars", "text": "NEW DELHI: The focus of energy efficiency has usually been large buildings, whether residential or commercial. Now, there is a project that will help smaller buildings reduce their carbon footprint. An offshoot of GRIHA \u2014 the green rating for integrated habitat assessment \u2014 SVAGRIHA has been conceptualized especially for buildings that are less than 2,500 sq m.The project was launched earlier this year by The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) and new and renewable energy ministry. According to Mili Majumdar, director of TERI's sustainable habitat division, the cumulative contribution of energy guzzling small buildings to climate change is quite large which is why the need was felt to draw up a focused programme for this kind of architecture. \"Unlike GRIHA where a building is evaluated on 34 criteria, SVAGRIHA will evaluate buildings on 14 parameters. Once a building has been planned, the SVAGRIHA team will step in to advice on energy efficiency measures that can be adopted. People can also put up information about their buildings online and will get a list of steps that they can adopt suiting their needs,\" she said.In India, about 30% of the energy consumption is attributed to the buildings sector, out of which residential and commercial buildings contribute 24% and 6% respectively, says TERI. While GRIHA with its complex system of analysis was created for large establishments, there was a need to simplify the process for smaller buildings and also bring builders of tier 2 and 3 towns under the green rating umbrella. The cost of registration and evaluation for the projects will be between Rs 60,000 and Rs 1,00,000.The process for getting a SVAGRIHA rating includes registering with ADaRSH (Association for Development and Research of Sustainable Habitats), submission of calculations that determine possible energy efficient methods, drawings and other documents as required. The calculations, available on SVAGRIHA website, will use data like area under construction and quantity of material used. It will also provide recommendations to improve the environmental performance of the building.The submissions will be reviewed under SVAGRIHA parameters and a site visit will be carried out post construction to determine how and what measures have been put in place. Finally, a GRIHA certified evaluator will assess the building and award the rating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228601", "title": "NCP says it has no objection to removal of dumps", "text": "PANAJI: Even as a controversy rages over mining of dumps in the state, the chief minister Manohar Parrikar-led government got some relief after the opposition party Nationalist Congress party (NCP) said it had no objections to dump removal provided it doesn't damage the environment.Speaking to mediapersons, NCP state president Surendra Sirsat said that NCP is totally against illegal mining in the state and asked if the government follows the law of the land while removing the mining dumps, then why should anybody object to it? He also said that dumps in villages are damaging agricultural land and if removed there would be no problems. \"If government takes precautions while removing mining dumps and there is no environmental damage, why should we oppose?\" asked Sirsat.The environment ministry has directed the state government not to allow exports from mining dumps till environment clearances are granted by the Union government and the Indian Bureau of Mines has directed state government not to take any policy decision on mines without taking prior permission from the Union government.Sirsat also said that the NCP is studying the mining policy, which is thrown open for public suggestions till September 10, adding that after studying it, if required, the party will submit suggestions to the government.NCP central observer Sandesh Kondvilkar also clarified that the party has not decided on changing the state party president and executive committee. He also said that the party has decided to start membership drive to enroll 75,000 members.Kondvilkar, who was in Goa on Saturday held an executive meeting and started meeting the NCP leaders who have left the party during the election. \"Party will elect a new president and executive committee for the state of Goa on June 10, 2013,\" he said.Reacting to a media question on whether NCP-BJP had any understanding and if that was the reason why Sirsat is still continuing as chairman of Goa state rehabilitation board, Kondvilkar said that he has asked Sirsat not to resign from the post till the chief minister takes a decision. \"Why chief minister is continuing him, you can ask him,\" he said. He also said that to strengthen the party base in Goa, Kondvilkar has decided to stay for one month in Goa in the month of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228744", "title": "PM's dismissal of CAGreport worrying: Murli Manohar Joshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Making a frontal attack on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, veteran BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi said that if the prime minister himself questions the authenticity of the CAG's findings by saying that nothing wrong has been done in coal block allotment, which department will now have the courage to prove that something wrong did happen in coal block allotment? Now, who would ensure that any further inquiry into the scam was not stalled or affected, Joshi further asked.Criticising the PM for dismissing the CAG report, Joshi, who is also the chairman of Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC), said the criticism of the CAG was a dangerous sign and added that the PAC would conduct probe even if attempts were made to stall it. Unlike many senior BJP leaders who have refused to allow the PM to make a statement on coal block allotment, Joshi demanded a statement by the PM on why he chose to dismiss the CAG report before the PAC inquiry could be conducted and report submitted.The Varanasi MP demanded a statement by the PM in Parliament on his clean chit to coal block allotments. However, he corrected it later when asked did that mean BJP would allow the PM to speak in Parliament and said: \"What I said was that the PM could make a statement both inside or outside Parliament. He should assure the nation that his statement weren't aimed at stalling the CAG probe.\"Drawing a parallel, Dr Joshi said that chairman of drafting committee of the Indian Constitution Dr BR Ambedkar had in fact rated the CAG at par with court and had said that the auditor should be given the same respect.Asked if the BJP would continue to demand the PM's resignation, he said the party would take a call on the issue on Monday. The senior BJP leader also slammed the Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for his pro-minority community statement about not tolerating 'cheating' against a \"particular community.\"\"Does this mean that cheating against other communities is tolerable,\" Joshi asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16232704", "title": "Infections go viral in kids", "text": "LUDHIANA: While retreating monsoon may give the best opportunity to enjoy seasonal serenity, it is also a time to be careful as changing weather brings a host of infections with it. City hospitals have reported a sudden spurt in the number of children falling prey to viral fever. Rising body temperature, sneezing, coughing, bodyache and a runny nose are common symptoms of viral infection.Describing this season as the perfect weather for viruses to thrive and multiply, Dr Jogesh Chatwal, a professor in the department of paediatrics at Christian Medical College and Hospital, says, ''We treat around 10 to 12 children for viral fever every day. During the remaining year, this number is not more than three. The reason in this sudden rise is that viruses get favourable conditions to grow and attack kids during this weather.''The number of patients has almost doubled, confirms neonatologist Dr Ashwani Singal of SPS Apollo. He adds, ''Children in the age group of six months to two years report less infections as compared to three years and above as they are more exposed to the weather.'' He suggests full-sleeved clothes for toddlers. ''Parents must avoid taking kids to crowded places or feeding them unpacked food,'' he adds.Talking about the treatment, Dr Naveen Bajaj of Deep Hospital, says, ''We give symptomatic treatment. Since the symptoms are fever, bodyache, cough and cold, we segregate each for treatment.''Bhagwinder Singh, a businessman of BRS Nagar whose five-year-old son Taran caught viral fever recently, says, ''Though we do our best to maintain hygiene at home, my son caught viral infection. His fever continued for almost a week and the doctor prescribed him paracetamol.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228925", "title": "Cable damage leads to hours of outages", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Damage to power cables due to accidents and short-circuiting plunged several parts of the city into darkness on Saturday night and rung in a miserable Sunday despite the heavy rain in the morning. In fact, the rain brought long outages in many sectors.According to electricity department officials, the power supply remained snapped up to eight hours in some pockets of the city. Blackouts drained the joy out of Sunday for many. Manmeet Singh, a resident of Sector 33 said, \"It is very irritating when there is no power on Sunday. You can't watch television, can't go online, and it is so hot these days.\" Sector 33 was one of the worst hit as there was no electricity for six hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16231535", "title": "Gorkhas to replace Rajput regiment in Mhow", "text": "Mhow: A battalion of Gorkha regiment (GR) will soon replace one of the Rajput regiments in Mhow cantonment. The 4/1 battalion of Gorkha regiment, now deployed in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, will replace the 22nd battalion of Rajput, regiment in Mhow, the next month. The advance party of the GR battalion has already arrived, said the sources familiar with the development.The Gorkha regiment was raised in 1817 during British rule after British realized the bravery and valor of the Gorkhas.The 4thGR, of which this battalion is a part, was raised in 1857 at Pithoragarh and it operated in the Lushai Hills in 1871, in China in 1900, and in Europe and Mesopotamia during the World Wars. One of the battalions formed part of the Chindits under Wingate. Major Jackson, in his book on the British Indian Army, has called Fourth Gorkhas as the most travelled one in the Indian Army.The regiment recruits its manpower from the Magars and Gurungs of Nepal. Its regimental centre is at Sabathu, Himachal Pradesh. The motto of the regiment is 'Kayar Hunu Bhanda Marnu Ramro' (It is better to die than to be a coward).The regiment is decorated with a large number of both pre-Independence and post Independence battle honours. It proved its acumen and valour in Ali Masjid, Kabul, Kandhar, Waziristan,Chitra, Tirah, Punjab Frontier, China, Givenchy, Neuve Chapelle, Ypres, StJuliene, Aubers, Festubert, Flanders, Gallipoli, Egypt, Baghdad and Burma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16228086", "title": "Diagnostic centre staff assaults by patient\u2019s family", "text": "PATNA: The attendants of a patient, Manoj Yadav (35), assaulted an employee of a diagnostic centre near Bahadurpur Road Overbridge under Kadamkuan police station following death of the patient on Sunday.Police said Manoj's family members took him to NMCH, where the doctor asked the family members to get an ultrasound test done outside and bring the report. Manoj was brought to Choudhary Diagnostic for the ultrasound test where one of the compounders asked him to drink a glass of water though the doctor had advised him against taking water. Soon after having water, Manoj died. Kadamkuan police station SHO Sanjay Singh, however, denied that any employee of Choudhary Diagnostic was assaulted by the attendants.Ganja recovered: The Agamkuan police arrested two youth with two kg of ganja during routine patrolling on Sunday. A press release issued by the Patna SSP office stated the youth have been identified as Mantoo Kumar alias Bunti, a resident of village Chailitand Sattan Gali under the Alamganj police station, and Mukesh Kumar, a resident of Maharajganj Kurmi Tola under the Alamganj police station.House burgled: Cash and jewellery worth thousands of rupees were stolen from the house of one Manish Kumar at Jakkanpur locality under Jakkanpur police station late on Saturday night. Jakkanpur police station SHO Basgit Ram said the thieves sneaked into the house from the rooftop and opened the door of one of the rooms while the entire family was asleep. A complaint of loss of jewellery and Rs 5,000 cash has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226413", "title": "BJP relents a bit, but truce unlikely", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nuanced climbdown in the BJP's position on Coalgate \u2014 that Parliament can function if coal block allocations are cancelled and a judicial probe ordered \u2014 is unlikely to provide a breather to PM Manmohan Singh, with the main opposition party making it clear on Sunday that it would continue to demand his resignation.At the same time, by indicating its willingness to put away its demand for the PM's resignation as a condition for ending the logjam in Parliament, BJP provided the government with an opportunity to resume the legislative process.However, no breakthrough is in sight with government sources saying they were prepared for continued disruption of Parliament. With Congress president Sonia Gandhi telling leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj that it would not be possible to cancel allocations and order a probe, government managers will take a call on Monday morning if they want to push through a bill or two amid sloganeering.The government position is that the policy decision to allot coal blocks is not mala fide and was as transparent as possible. De-allocation of some blocks can help the government's case and blunt the BJP's charge. But there is concern in the Congress ranks as the alleged scam cannot be passed onto an ally like DMK as in the 2G licences. In this case, the PM held charge of the ministry during much of the period covered by the CAG report.In his blog, Advani said on Sunday, \"The NDA has offered to resolve the deadlock if all allotments made are cancelled and the process whereby the screening committee has decided these allocations is subjected to a judicial probe. The government is not yet prepared for this.\"There was no backtracking on the demand for Singh's resignation, though. \"The interpretation of my conversation with Sonia Gandhi as BJP giving up its demand for the Prime Minister's resignation is wrong,\" Swaraj said in Mumbai. She was referring to her tweet on Saturday which mentioned that she had asked Sonia to cancel the allocation of coal blocks and order a fair and independent probe into how these allocations took place.The party was until now insisting that it was imperative for Singh to resign for a debate on the issue in Parliament. \"If you agree to both these demands (cancel allocations and order probe), then we can start the discussion and Parliament can function,\" Swaraj said, adding that her party was ready for mid-term polls.The party's decision to drop the demand for the PM's resignation for resuming Parliament follows the political isolation it had to contend with among other opposition parties. Swaraj said though that BJP would press for it even during the debate.\"We stick to our demand that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should resign accepting moral responsibility in the coal block allocation scam,\" she said, adding that her party will not settle for investigations by CBI as such a probe will not be independent. She also threatened to launch a country-wide agitation against the government over the issue after the monsoon session.Echoing Swaraj, party spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said the PM's resignation was necessary \"whether inside or outside Parliament''.In his blog, Advani also defended BJP chief ministers who were blamed for the allocations by Singh in his statement. While Advani described Singh's defence as totally unconvincing, he did not mention the demand for his resignation in the blog.Strongly defending Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh on the issue, he said his party colleague was fully justified in demanding a share in the revenues earned by the state as a result of competitive bidding in his 2005 letter to the Centre and this could not be construed as opposition to auction of coal blocks.Advani said it was now \"universally acknowledged\" that allowing discretionary allocation of precious resources like spectrum, oil, gas and minerals gave ample scope to people harbouring corrupt and collateral intentions. Advani said that then PM Indira Gandhi too had blamed chief ministers before foreign media for her decision to impose Emergency.\"Repeated reference was also made to reservations supposed to have been voiced by some BJP chief ministers as if the decision to reject the law ministry's recommendation that there should be competitive bidding for the coal blocks was taken because of BJP chief ministers - more prominently Raman Singh of Chhattisgarh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16227049", "title": "Sunday alarm: Bomb hoax at railway station", "text": "GURGAON: Government railway police (GRP) went into a tizzy on Sunday when they received a bomb threat and conducted special checks throughout the day at Gurgaon station.The bomb threat was declared a 'hoax call' after more than three hours of extensive search operation, which left passengers suffering as police evacuated the platforms during the safety search. While all trains crossing Gurgaon were thoroughly searched, some were stopped for extra time to ensure safety of passengers. This led to delay in services.\"As soon as we got to know about bomb threat, we rushed bomb disposal squad to railways station to conduct search operations,\" said a senior security official. Police have not lodged any FIR in the case, but said they were looking for those who tried to spread a rumor. \"Our teams and cyber cell are investigating the matter,\" said a senior police officer. He added rumor mongers will not be spared at any cost.The bomb threat call was received at police control room at 11:23am from telephone number 8581994566. A police team is now trying to trace the number,\" said the police officer.Apart from bomb disposal squad, a team consisting city police, fire brigade and dog squad helped in sanitizing the railways station.\"GRP evacuated two passenger trains Delhi-Farrukhnagar and Delhi-Rewari during the search operation. This caused inconvenience to many passengers, These trains were always delayed because of this. We apologies to passengers and appreciate their assistance,\" said Jaiveer Singh, GRP in-charge, Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232555", "title": "Manish\u2019s fan left him a love 'note'", "text": "Actor Manish Naggdev, who plays Mukund in Madhubala , recently opened his new restaurant Oye in Malad, Mumbai. Post the busy shooting schedule, the actor drops in to ensure that his customers are treated with the best of snacks and drinks.And for the last few days he has been having some real fans as clients it seems. \"There is a group of girls and boys who come to my restaurant everyday and order something or the other,\" says Manish further adding, \"In that group, there is a girl, who I think, is my fan. She stares at me for over hours while enjoying her food.\"Now, if that was not enough, Manish got a gift from his fan as well. \"Some days back, the girl from the group came to my shop alone. She bought an ice cream and kept on smiling. Later on, when I was going through the accounts of the day, I found a folded twenty rupees note in that day's earnings.\" When Manish opened the note he was amazed to read the lines written. \"She had written 'I like you' on the note. It is quite flattering when your fans acknowledge you, the kind of work you are doing and show so much of love,\" Manish shares with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16233691", "title": "Mobile connection norms for foreigners go stringent", "text": "NEW DELHI: To check misuse of sim cards, the government has asked Telecom Service Providers not to provide mobile connection for more than three months to any foreign tourist visiting India.According to the fresh guidelines, which have come into effect recently, the Department of Telecom (DoT) has told the service providers that the proof for issuance of a mobile connection to any foreigner would be the passport having a valid visa.\"Any mobile connection issued to a foreigner should not have a validity beyond the validity of the visa. In case of foreign tourist, the validity of connection should not be beyond the visa period and also not exceed three months at a time even if the validity of the visa is beyond three months,\" the fresh guidelines, which have been vetted by Union Home Ministry, said.The move comes in the wake of instances where mobile connections used by foreigners were misused by some of the people even after the departure of the foreign nationals from the country, official sources said.For address proof of a foreigner, the address of the local reference which may also be that of the tour operator shall be taken and in case there is no local reference, the address of stay shall be taken, the guidelines said.According to the revised guidelines issued on filling a Consumer Application Form (CAF), the DoT has made it mandatory for the licensee to sign the form prior to activation of the sim card thereby certifying that the information provided on the form is correct.\"The date of sale of sim and activation of sim is required to be established from the entries in the CAF. For this purpose, entry of date is to be made with the signature of subscriber at the time of filing of CAF,\" it said.The revised guidelines, which have come into effect, were a follow up to the directions issued by the apex court after which a joint expert committee was constituted in DoT.Security agencies had been expressing serious concern over the failure of telecom operators in providing details of mobile connections especially in pre-paid sim cards, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232769", "title": "Aamir Ali confirmed in Hongey Judaa Na Hum", "text": "SONY Entertainment Television is set to launch its new show, Hongey Judaa Na Hum which is a love story about a couple who go through many problems in their marriage, only to separate and get back together.Aamna Sharif and Raqesh Vashisth play the main leads, as a married couple Muskaan and Rohan Mishra. Sources inform that actor Aamir Ali has been confirmed to play the second lead, putting to rest all speculation's about Aamir's association with the show.Sources further inform that actor Angad Hasija was also approached for the same role but turned it down due to various reasons.Aamir's character will also plays a neurosurgeon and will been in a romantic avatar.When contacted, Aamir Ali answered saying, \"I cannot comment on this right now. I'll be in a better position to talk about the show next week\".Hongey Judaa Na Hum will air on 10th September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227695", "title": "Corporation schools await biometric attendance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The biometric attendance system is yet to be implemented in the municipal schools following stiff opposition from the teachers' associations.At present, teachers mark their attendance through e-mail. After surprise visits and random checks, it was found that teachers had been marking proxy attendance for each other.\"An investigation revealed the password was being shared by teachers and they were marking each other present,\" said a South corporation official.Councillors admit that teachers giving school a miss is no secret. \"The proposal to procure the biometric machines was taken up in the standing committee meeting but it was referred back. Every time there is talk of implementing the system, the teachers' association threatens to go on strike,\" said Mukesh Goel, leader of opposition, North corporation.However, the teachers' association says that the data, containing details of teachers, is still not complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16227019", "title": "Gurgaon pays to see good plays", "text": "Gurgaon may well be one of youngest cities in India, its theatre is mature and is experimenting with new styles, thanks to the audience that responds well to new plays.The number of theatre goers has also gone up as the enthusiasts search for richer experience than Bollywood movies that play in multiplexes. As a result, most of major theatre groups have visited the city and uploaded the audience which has huge appetite of different genres.While the popular names perform in packed venues, even experimental plays are garnering good response. \"We organize theatre shows on at least 3 weekends a month, if not all four,\" says Vidyun Singh, director at the Epicentre, which hosts some of the most renowned theatre companies.The plays performed at Epicentre range from Delhi groups like Feisal Alkazi's Ruchika Theatre Group, Lushin Dubey, Gauri Nilekantan Mehta's Pact, Sarita Vohra's Living Room Theatre, Sayed Alam's Pierrots Theatre Group, Slap On The Greasepaint, Shoelace Productions, Arvind Gaur's Asmita Theatre Group, plays from Feroz Khan, Rahul Da Cunha's Rage Productions, Lillete Dubey's Primetime Theatre, Orchid Room Experiment ,Salim Arif's Essay Communications, plays from Motley Theatre Group and Akarsh Khurana's Akvarious Productions amongst others.City-based theatre artist Smita Bharti, who has directed and acted in many critically acclaimed plays, has seen the audience grow in both numbers and taste. She likes it when visitors respond to her work and ask for encore. \"It's a pleasure to perform in Gurgaon. This audience is discerning and demanding for performance with high production value,\" she says.Even though Gurgaon lacks subsidized venues for plays like Delhi, the enthusiasts make for it by paying more. Bharti says tickets sell within days of announcement and even highly priced shows are houseful if the work is promising. \"The sponsors also support the plays as they find merit in the footfall,\" she adds.Singh of Epicentre says that demand for famous names like Shabana Azmi, Javed Akhtar , Farooque Shaikh, Anupam Kher, Shernaz Patel, Vir Das, Rajit Kapur, Lillete Dubey, Rakesh Bedi, Salim Shah, Vikram Kapadia, Zafar Karachiwala, Anahita Uberoi and Suchitra Pillai is overwhelming.The limited number of performing venues, however, limits the possibilities and the frequency of theatre performances in Gurgaon. \"Epicentre is generally booked for 6-10 months in advance and most of theatre happens only on weekends. This cuts down the scope for small groups like ours,\" said Ankur Sardana, founder of Nautankibaaz, a local theatre group comprising enthusiast from various professions. \"We need to accept that theatre is not just entertainment. So if a new group is performing, we need to go and watch even if we don't come out humming a song. Once this mutual respect sets in, we will be on a roll,\" he added.Bharti also says that the number of auditoriums needs to go up in order to accommodate all the performing groups in Gurgaon: \"If we can get more venues, it's possible to have our very own Leicester Square\".Ashvin Gidwani, producer of several blockbuster theater shows, recently presented his production 'Get Rid of My wife' at The Leela Kempinski at the Ambience Mall and seemed quite optimistic about the theatre scene in the city. \"It's an evolving business hub of India where theatre will be appreciated. The numbers show that the diversity of culture and audience in Gurgaon will surpass other emerging cities in India,\" he said. \"The city has the appetite and values quality entertainment. The emerging affluent audiences have more discerning taste and our work is best suited for Gurgaon,\" he added.Come October and the city audiences can enjoy the best of theatre in Gurgaon at a theatre festival being organised at Epicentre. \" The festival from October 12 to October 21 brings five of the best plays of the year gone by in both English and Hindi. We are still finalising the line up but will definitely have 'The Bureaucrat' by Rahul Da Cunha and 'Nothing Like Lear' starring Atul Kumar &amp; Rajit Kapur,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227837", "title": "Toll collection resumes on BIA highway today", "text": "BANGALORE: Keep Rs 25 ready when you are driving back from the Bengaluru International Airport.For, the suspended collection of toll at the Sadahalli plaza on Bellary Road resumed on Sunday midnight.Officials of the National Highways Authority of India and Navayuga Devanahalli Tollway told TOI that the toll collection is restarted after the Karnataka high court lifted Devanahalli court's stay on toll collection on Friday.Commuters heading to the airport have been exempted from the toll.The NHAI toll rates apply for those coming back from the airport: For cars, Rs 20 per trip; for mini buses and vans Rs 30; for buses and trucks Rs 60 per trip;and for other heavy vehicles Rs 95 and Rs 115.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231094", "title": "Vidhu Vinod Chopra to launch two new faces", "text": "It's not Ranbir or Shahid, the filmmaker has decided to introduce two debutants alongside SharmanEven before the release of Ferrari Ki Sawaari , impressed with Sharman Joshi's performance in the film, producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra had finalised the actor as one of the leads in his next Chittiyaan. However, the other two actors in the love triangle were yet to be finalised.While reports said that the filmmaker is looking at Ranbir Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor for the other male lead in his film, TOI has learnt that now, Chopra has decided to cast a newcomer. In fact, the female lead will also be a debutant actress.A source close to Vidhu Vinod Chopra Films told us, \"A lot of research and ground work has already been done. Chopra is busy with the pre-production of the film. He is very particular about who to cast in the lead roles and will personally decide on the two new faces to be cast in the film.\"Interestingly, Chopra who launched Neha in Kareeb and gave Vidya Balan her first break in Parineeta has hardly worked with newcomers ever since. Though the side actors have been debutants, lead roles in Chopra's films have been established A-list actors.This time around, Chopra has apparently decided to cast newcomers all by himself. \"The decision on casting is being solely taken by Chopra. He will personally go through the audition footage. The film is a love triangle and will go on floors early next year,\" added the source.Vidhu Vinod Chopra remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226984", "title": "Monsoon revives, Udaipur records moderate rainfall", "text": "JAIPUR: After a brief dry spell, monsoon activity revived in the state with eastern parts receiving mild to moderate showers on Sunday.Udaipur division, especially Chittorgarh, Banswara and Udaipur districts, recorded moderate rainfall.Scattered rainfall was reported in Jaipur with relative humidity going up to 90%. In the absence of rain over the past few days, the mercury shot up to 34.9 degrees Celsius, almost two degrees above normal.By evening, the stuffiness in the air gave way to a mild breeze pulling out Jaipurites from their homes. Several thronged parks or places such as Nahargarh Fort or the Galta hills to enjoy the eye-soothing greenery after the rain spell.Till August 28, Jaipur had witnessed nearly 324mm rainfall, nearly 12% more than previous year. Following the rain, the city has been draped in green. Driving through the busy routes such as the JLN Marg and Tonk Road has become less stressful with lush greenery on either side.In the rain-hit districts, life is limping back to normal. The water level has receded and victims are returning to their villages in Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Dholpur.In the state, Gogunda (Sirohi) witnessed a maximum rainfall of 50 mm on Sunday followed by Nathdwara (Rajsamand) 40 mm and Khandar (Sawai Madhopur) 30 mm. Vair (Bharatpur) and Abu Road (Sirohi) also recorded 30mm rainfall, while Reodar and Pindwara received 20mm rainfall.Met office predicts the ongoing spell of mild to moderate rainfall would continue in the state for at least a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228506", "title": "Vehicle stolen from Panchvati", "text": "NASHIK: An Innova car was stolen from Laxmi Vijay Apartment, Panchvati sometime between August 28 and August 29. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Vaibhav Patil at the Panchavati police station.Crime DigestBurglary worth 70k: Jewellery worth Rs 70,000 was stolen from Suyog Jayshri Society, Kathe Galli, between August 4 and August 31. Burglars broke into the flat owned by Ashok Kapse and stole jewellery and cash. A complaint has been lodged at the Bhadrakali police station. tnn another incident, jewellery and cash amounting to Rs 1.91 lakh were stolen from Aditya Residency, Vivekanand Nagar, Gangapur Road. Complainant Sunila Arora said that the burglary took place on August 31 from 12.30 pm to 8.15 pm. Unidentified burglars entered the flat of the complainant by breaking the latch and lock of the house and stole Rs 60,000 and jewellery, all amounting to Rs 1.91 lakh. The case is being investigated by the Gangapur Police Station.In one more incident in the jurisdiction of the Ambad police, a burglary worth Rs 72,000 took place. Vishal Parmar of Rajashre Prabha Heights, Khutwad Nagar, Cidco said that the burglary took place on Saturday between 2.30 pm and 5.30 pm. Some burglars entered the flat of Parmar by breaking the lock and stole the jewellery worth Rs 72,000 kept inside a cupboard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16227053", "title": "Pak control room set up 3 days before 26/11", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has told investigators that the Karachi control room, from where handlers guided 26/11 terrorists, was set up three days before the attack and was equipped with various gadgets, including laptops and satellite phones.The control room, officers said, was established on the orders of Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed in the office of one Abu Yakoob in the locality of Quaidabad between Malir Cantonment and Jinnah International Airport. On November 23, 2008, Saeed's associates\u2014Zarar Shah and one Shahid alias Nadeem from Muzaffarabad\u2014took over the office. Nadeem brought with him four laptops, two TV sets with two dish antennas, LAN wires and satellite phones.\"Shah, Nadeem and Jundal installed Voice Over Internet Protocol software on the laptops and spent a while fixing the system and checking the web connection,\" said an officer who interrogated Jundal.At some point during the day, Jundal told officers, he \"went to get a shave\". When he returned to the control room, Jundal found a handler named Abu Kahafa demonstrating the workings of a GPS system to the 10 terrorists. After that, the terrorists left to board Al Hussaini boat, which was to be piloted by one Dara. Jundal said six handlers went to see off the terrorists, though he did not accompany them. Officers say they have suspicions about the last claim.On November 26, Jundal told interrogators, Shah, Nadeem and Kahafa fasted and regularly inspected the gadgets. \"During the day, two Pakistani army officers\u2014Major Sameer Ali and Sajid Mir\u2014came to the control room, checked up on everybody and left,\" said the police officer. Nadeem also left at some point. \"Around 7pm, Lashkar commander Zaki-Ur-Rahman Lakhvi arrived with Abu Alkama and Abu Wassi, broke their fast and offered namaz. They took dinner at 8pm and switched on the TV,\" said the officer.In the end, the officer said, the handlers in the control room were Jundal, Kahafa, Lakhvi, Wassi, Shah and a major general. \"Jundal instructed terrorists Abu Babar Imran and Nasir Abu Umar, who attacked Nariman House in Colaba.\" added the officer. \"Hafiz Saeed was present at sermons but not during the attack.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232313", "title": "Marathi movie 'Dhondi' launched", "text": "Muhurat of Marathi movie 'Dhondi' was held recently at Hotel Kohinoor in Mumbai.Famous director N. Chandra initiated the muhurat. He gave the clap for the muhurat. Entire cast and crew was present for the muhurat of the film.Pooja Pawar, Sayaji Shinde, Vinay Apte, N Chandra, Monish Pawar, Ehsaan Qureshi were the spotlights of the event.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16230000", "title": "Coal scam: BJP relents a bit, but truce unlikely", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nuanced climbdown in the BJP's position on Coalgate - that Parliament can function if coal block allocations are cancelled and a judicial probe ordered - is unlikely to provide a breather to PM Manmohan Singh, with the main opposition party making it clear on Sunday that it would continue to demand his resignation.At the same time, by indicating its willingness to put away its demand for the PM's resignation as a condition for ending the logjam in Parliament, BJP provided the government with an opportunity to resume the legislative process.However, no breakthrough is in sight with government sources saying they were prepared for continued disruption of Parliament. With Congress president Sonia Gandhi telling leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj that it would not be possible to cancel allocations and order a probe, government managers will take a call on Monday morning if they want to push through a bill or two amid sloganeering.The government position is that the policy decision to allot coal blocks is not mala fide and was as transparent as possible. De-allocation of some blocks can help the government's case and blunt the BJP's charge. But there is concern in the Congress ranks as the alleged scam cannot be passed onto an ally like DMK as in the 2G licences. In this case, the PM held charge of the ministry during much of the period covered by the CAG report.In his blog, Advani said on Sunday, \"The NDA has offered to resolve the deadlock if all allotments made are cancelled and the process whereby the screening committee has decided these allocations is subjected to a judicial probe. The government is not yet prepared for this.\"There was no backtracking on the demand for Singh's resignation, though. \"The interpretation of my conversation with Sonia Gandhi as BJP giving up its demand for the Prime Minister's resignation is wrong,\" Swaraj said in Mumbai. She was referring to her tweet on Saturday which mentioned that she had asked Sonia to cancel the allocation of coal blocks and order a fair and independent probe into how these allocations took place.The party was until now insisting that it was imperative for Singh to resign for a debate on the issue in Parliament. \"If you agree to both these demands (cancel allocations and order probe), then we can start the discussion and Parliament can function,\" Swaraj said, adding that her party was ready for mid-term polls.The party's decision to drop the demand for the PM's resignation for resuming Parliament follows the political isolation it had to contend with among other opposition parties. Swaraj said though that BJP would press for it even during the debate.\"We stick to our demand that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should resign accepting moral responsibility in the coal block allocation scam,\" she said, adding that her party will not settle for investigations by CBI as such a probe will not be independent. She also threatened to launch a country-wide agitation against the government over the issue after the monsoon session.Echoing Swaraj, party spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said the PM's resignation was necessary \"whether inside or outside Parliament''.In his blog, Advani also defended BJP chief ministers who were blamed for the allocations by Singh in his statement. While Advani described Singh's defence as totally unconvincing, he did not mention the demand for his resignation in the blog.Strongly defending Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh on the issue, he said his party colleague was fully justified in demanding a share in the revenues earned by the state as a result of competitive bidding in his 2005 letter to the Centre and this could not be construed as opposition to auction of coal blocks.Advani said it was now \"universally acknowledged\" that allowing discretionary allocation of precious resources like spectrum, oil, gas and minerals gave ample scope to people harbouring corrupt and collateral intentions. Advani said that then PM Indira Gandhi too had blamed chief ministers before foreign media for her decision to impose Emergency.\"Repeated reference was also made to reservations supposed to have been voiced by some BJP chief ministers as if the decision to reject the law ministry's recommendation that there should be competitive bidding for the coal blocks was taken because of BJP chief ministers - more prominently Raman Singh of Chhattisgarh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228763", "title": "Shopkeeper looted", "text": "NAGPUR: Two bike-borne miscreants robbed a shopkeeper after assaulting him with a sharp weapon near KP Ground on Saturday night. Pratik Talewar, 22, was heading to the dharamshala near Mayo Hospital chowk, where he had been staying, when the incident took place.It is learnt that Talewar, after closing his shop near KP ground, was heading back when he was intercepted by two bike-borne robbers. The robbers, identified as Jeetendra Wadhwe and Santosh Thapa, assaulted Talewar on his wrist with a knife before snatching his mobile phone worth around Rs2,000 from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16228417", "title": "Chief minister Manohar Parrikar: Policy to regulate flow of migrants", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday voiced his concern over Goa being infiltrated with a huge migrant population and stressed on the need to freeze the state's population at 15 lakh.Stating that there are currently about 4-5 lakh people from other states of India who have made Goa their home, Parrikar said the rate of growth of migrant population in the state was beyond permissible limits.The chief minister, speaking at a function at Chinchinim, made it clear that he was not against migrants. He stressed that \"influx of migrant population should not be at the cost of the local population\".Parrikar said the state government will work out a policy aimed at regulating the flow of migrants into Goa. No hutments and shanties will be allowed to be set up in the state, he said, as that leads to insanitation thereby dirtying of the surroundings.\"We have to ensure that Goa remains with Goans. Otherwise, a day will come when Goa will no longer remain Goa... Goenkarponn (Goaness) and all other traits associated with Goans will disappear from this land. It's imperative that we preserve our peculiarity and not lose our identity,\" Parrikar said.Speaking further, the chief minister said the development of the state will be carried out only by taking people into confidence. Dwelling at length on the welfare schemes introduced by his government, Parrikar said the process of implementing all the schemes will be commenced by October and completed before Christmas.He also announced the government's plan of introducing a \"minimum assured employment scheme\" for youth under which training cum employment will be provided to the unemployed.A memorandum listing the grievances faced by Chinchinim villagers was given to the chief minister and his intervention for their redressal sought.Speedy completion of the Chinchinim market complex, denotification of the bypass from Dandeavaddo junction to Deussua, introducing Kadamba transport corporation buses on the Margao-Betul route, dropping four-laning of NH 17 passing through the village, were among the demands put forth before the chief minister in the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "16227589", "title": "Sisters found dead in well", "text": "KOLAR: Two teenage sisters were found dead in a well at Banahalli village on Sunday morning, while their father has gone missing.The girls were Bindushree (15) and sister Kavya (13). Their missing father is Rajashekar (45), a Kolar resident and teacher in a government school at Mageri in Bangarpet taluk.Mulbagal circle inspector BM Shivakumar said Kavya was a Class VI student of St Anne's School, Kolar,while Bindushree was studying in Class IX at Chinmaya School, also in Kolar. The girls' mother, Lavanya, is a teacher at Sangondanahalli village, near Kolar.Rajashekar left his house at Khadripura around 1pm on Saturday with Kavya to bring Bindushree from school. However, the trio did not return till late last night. The family filed a police complaint.Police said the girls had apparently drowned in the well that had enough water, and the bodies were found afloat. Suresh, brother of Rajashekar, said there was no reason for the latter to either commit suicide or to drown his daughters as he was a loving father. He was financially well off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228612", "title": "Three more Thai girls detained", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji police on Sunday searched the flat of the owner of the two spas that were raided on Saturday and detained three more girls from Thailand, who were working in the spa.Seven Thai girls were detained by police on Saturday. All ten Thai girls have been sent to the state protective home at Merces.\"Three girls arrived in Goa on a tourist visa and it is clearly mentioned in the passport that employment prohibited,\" sources said, adding that they suspect that these girls were working on a rotation basis in the spa.It is suspected that all the Thai girls came in a group on August 22, sources said.Panaji JMFC has remanded the spa owner to one day's police custody.On Saturday, on information received that a prostitution racket was being carried out in the name of massages at the spa, police raided two spas in Panaji and detained seven Thai girls.Cash worth over Rs 5 lakh was seized from one spa and Rs 2 lakh from the other, while some Thai currency was also found. Five laptops and cellphones were also attached by the police.Earlier last week, a Bangladeshi girl and four from Mumbai were rescued by Calangute police after raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228792", "title": "Special trains being run with maintenance-bound coaches?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways which has been citing shortage of coaches as one of the major reasons for not running new trains on some of the routes despite huge demand, is actually running nearly 700 special trains this festival season, at least for the three months of September, October and November. Not only this, it is also augmenting the number of coaches, though on a temporary basis, in regular trains to accommodate the extra rush of passengers. But what exactly casts a doubt on the populist measures is the way extra coaches are arranged to run extra train services.Lucknow-Kanpur route has a growing demand for MEMU trains, but Railways, for quite a few years now, has not been able to run new trains due to shortage of coaches. And, it is not just one route, there are also several trains, which have to be permanently augmented for simple reason that there exists a demand, but Railways has not been able to do that.The reason is a shortage of certain types of coaches, especially the AC coaches. But, most of the 700 festival special trains, if not all, have AC coaches. And that raises the question that where is the Railways arranging these extra coaches from?The coaches which are made to run are actually maintenance spares. Going by Railways rule book, each division should have at least 10% of extra coaches earmarked as \"maintenance-spare\" and at least 5% to be kept in spare to meet the traffic demands, like the extra rush of passengers during the peak season.The coaches should go for a Periodic Overhauling after every 18 months of running. While the regular coaches which are running go for Periodic Overhauling, the maintenance spares are put into running instead. But, in cases where even the \"maintenance spares\" are put into running, there is no back-up with Railways to replace the regular coaches due for Periodic Overhauling.Officials in the operations wing of the Railways admitted that it sometimes causes inconvenience to the passengers, as there might be no coaches to replace the regular coaches that develop a fault during running. And, this at the same time may jeopardise the safety of passengers and Railways' own running staff. However, railway spokespersons, across the divisions, vehemently deny that safety is ever compromised.The rules say that Periodic Overhauling for a particular coach can be extended by three months. And, railway officers said the coach is given the extension (to run) only after it goes a vigorous checking. \"The Periodic Overhauling for any coach is extended only after certain vital items of the coach are thoroughly checked. There are certain powers delegated to railway officers as far as extending the Periodic Overhauling is concerned and it is done well within norms,\" said Sandip Mathur, CPRO, NCR.In certain cases, like during Kumbh Mela, spare coaches are demanded from other zones. However in summer months, when passenger traffic is huge on all possible routes of Railways, and almost all the zones run summer special trains, where do the extra coaches come from? To which Neeraj Sharma, CPRO, NR said, \"Safety is our prime focus and that is never compromised. If we do not have coaches available, we do not put extra coaches or run special trains,\"Despite railways claims to accord safety of passengers the topmost priority, running hundreds of special trains, with each having at least 8 to 10 coaches (though there are no set rules about how many coaches a train can have), seems a tall task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226153", "title": "Govt panel seeks scrapping of 60 private coal blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government may be standing firm against scrapping coal block allotments to private companies but a high-level official panel for monitoring progress in these mines is pitching for largescale de-allocation to \"defuse the current crisis\" over Coalgate.\"Out of the 90 coal blocks allocated to private players since 1993, 60 coal blocks with 6.7 billion tonnes (estimated reserves) valued at nearly Rs 2 lakh crore can be cancelled due to lack of progress as ascertained by ministry of coal in the meeting of January 2012,\" says a note for the inter-ministerial group's (IMG) meeting likely on Monday.What makes the meeting crucial is the suggestion in the note, drafted after two meetings of the group, that it \"meets once again and recommends cancellation of all coal blocks that are not likely to produce coal by March 2013 due to lack of progress\".The IMG under Zohra Chatterjee, additional secretary in the coal ministry, has attained prominence since it is in the process of deciding the fate of allocations amid the current political crisis over the federal auditor's damning report on coal block allocations. The Comptroller and Auditor General's report said the government extended windfall gains of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private players.The tardy pace - or complete absence - of development in most of the blocks has added to the perception of sleaze. Failure to start mining even years after allocation undercuts the government's defence that it had to quickly meet rising coal demand and could not have waited till the auction regime was implemented through changes in law.The IMG discussion paper, however, suggests that \"60 blocks having reserves cited by CAG (6.7 billion (6.7 billion tonnes) can be cancelled and handed over to Coal India for development immediately as the present allocattees (sic) have not concluded land acquisition\".\"To compensate the regulated sectors (power plants) which have been set up on the basis of these blocks, linkage from Coal India may be granted and fuel supply agreements signed as per policy. This will ensure that the developers do not get affected and investments in end-use plants do not get stranded and investor sentiment is not affected,\" the note says.This, sources said, is also the PMO's line of thinking. Such an action would help blunt charges of windfall gains since consumers would get coal at Coal India's price. \"The other sectors always retain the option of participating in competitive bidding for coal blocks or importing coal to fulfill their requirements,\" the note says.The note also says similar cancellations can be done in case of 20 underground blocks. These blocks were dropped from the federal auditor's final report on the coal ministry's plea that such mines were not profitable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16226709", "title": "Driven out of home, woman sells daughters for Rs 130", "text": "KOLKATA: Driven out of home by her drunken husband, a woman allegedly sold her three daughters for Rs 130 to three couples fearing that traffickers might target them. Police on Sunday swung into action after they came to know about the sale and rescued all three girls. Police also arrested the father of the girls\u2014Uttam Haldar\u2014 a plumber.Purnima Haldar (35) was regularly tortured by her husband Uttam. A couple of weeks back, when she asked Uttam to stop drinking, she was badly beaten and thrown out of their Nethra home near Malancha under Diamond Harbour police station. Her daughters, 10, 8 and 4 years old, were also driven out of the house.They first went to Bharat Sevashram shelter and stayed there for a few days as pilgrims. Later, they took shelter at Diamond Harbour railway station and depended on begging. At the railway station, Purnima got in touch with a youngster Prabhas, who reportedly told her to sell her daughters to some couples, otherwise they might become targets of traffickers.Concerned over the future of her daughters, Purnima agreed with Prabhas and decided to sell her daughters. Sources said Prabhas himself got in touch with some couples and made the sale deeds. \"For her first two daughters, she was paid only Rs 130, while her youngest girl was given away without any money,\" said sources.After interrogating Purnima police arrested her husband. The officials then recovered the children, brought them to Purnima and later sent them to a destitute home.Gouri Halder, a resident of Diamond Harbour municipality ward number 1 had adopted one of the girls. She said: \"I had engaged a lawyer K A Laskar to get the adoption done legally. But police are now saying that the adoption was illegal.\"However, Laskar said that he played no role in the process of adoption. Two other girls were found from Kapater Haat and Bohru under Joinagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16229025", "title": "Seven-star Tim Southee strikes for Kiwis", "text": "BANGALORE: Desperate to level the series, New Zealand are resting their hopes on their young pacers who they feel would respond to the situation well and force a win over India in the second Test.New Zealand are leading by 244 runs with last pair on the wicket, leaving India with almost two full days to achieve the target.The Kiwi assistant coach Bob Carter is also hoping that the pitch will deteriorate enough to give his bowlers some advantage over the Indian batsmen.\"We have three young bowlers who are raring to go. We are going to go look to make the ball swing and get into a good enough position to press for a win. We are also hoping that pitch deteriorates as a normal wicket does,\" Carter told reporters at close at Chinnaswamy stadium.Tim Southee returned a career-best seven-wicket haul while Dough Bracewell took two wickets in Indian first innings, which folded for 353, 12 short of Kiwi total. Carter said if the pitch plays uneven, the contest will be interesting. \"The handy lead that NZ got due to positive approach has given the team an opportunity in this game,\" he added.On James Franklin throwing away his wicket, Carter said the left-hander was doing the right thing by trying to get some runs for the team. On Southee's impressive performance, Carter said: \"He reposed the faith the selectors had in him.\"(WITH INPUT FROM AGENCIES)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233481", "title": "Was not confident of Idol win: Vipul Mehta", "text": "Vipul Mehta's ecstatic after his win on Indian Idol 6. This 21 year old from Punjab, who is back home and basking in the glory, plans to donate some of the cash prize to charity (a blind institute or orphanage). And this large hearted boy who also won a Nissan Micra is gifting the car to his grandfather so that he can gift himself his dream car, the Toyota Fortuner.But winning the coveted title seemed almost like a dream for Vipul, \"I was not very confident about winning the title because all three of us were good\". Vipul who has come a long way on the Indian Idol journey also feels that if it was not for him, Poorvi Koutish should have won the title. Although Indian Idol has ended, Vipul will miss his friends from the show, especially Ritika who Vipul feels was a 'superb singer'.But Vipul's journey to fame and success begins from here, \"The whole experience has been so memorable. It's very important for me to maintain this title because it's attached to my name. So I have to use it wisely. Many singers when they achieve success forget music companies and make them secondary. I want to struggle and make it into playback singing. Let's see, I have been very busy so I will come to know about my album contract also very soon. I want people to say Vipul is a versatile singer\".On a parting note, Vipul will miss judge Salim Merchant the most who Vipul says, was his favourtie on the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16226626", "title": "Mampi Das matches world mark", "text": "PUNE: Sixteen-year-old Mampi Das announced her coming of age by matching the world record score of 400/400 in women's air rifle in the National selections trials at the Shiv Chatrapati Sports Complex on Sunday.The Kolkata girl, who had shot an equally brilliant 398 to win the event during the Masters championships last week, followed up the qualifying score with 103.5 in the final to win the match.What made it even better was that Mampi hit the bull's eye 33 times.It's only the third time that an Indian woman shooter has shot a perfect score in recent memory. Suma Shiroor performed the feat at the Asian Shooting Championships in Kuala Lumpur in 2004 to enter the record books.However, Mampi's effort would not be considered as a world record since the nationals and selection trials are not taken into account by the International Shooting Sports Federation.Avneet Kaur was the last Indian woman to achieve the rare feat, again during selection trials in Hyderabad in 2006. \"I have shot 400 a few times during training.My previous personal best was 398 but you can't shoot that score without shooting 400 in training,\" Mampi said.Local girl Shriyanka Sadangi was second with a tally of 502 (397+105). She had scores of above-10 from all the 10 shots in the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227204", "title": "Hubli became terror hotbed in last decade", "text": "BANGALORE: Terror and Hubli go hand in hand. The arrests of five people on Wednesday with suspected links to Lashkar-e-Taiba and HuJI, indicate how deep-rooted the terror menace is in the commercial capital of North Karnataka.Footprints of terror surfaced first in July 2000 when a bomb blast was reported at a church on Gadag Road. A special court in Bangalore convicted 23 activists of Hyderabad-based banned outfit Deendar Anjuman for their involvement in the serial blasts that rocked churches, including the Hubli one in 2008. This was also the first time that those accused of terror activities in the state had been convicted.Hubli earned the dubious tag of being the terror hotbed in 2008, when police arrested Mohamed Ghouse, 23, alias Riazuddin Naser from Hyderabad, the South India commander of LeT. Ghouse had befriended Asadullah Abubakar, a final-year student of ayurvedic medicine at Hubli, and the two later befriended Mohamed Asif, a final-year medical student of KIMS, Hubli, before they were arrested.During interrogation, they said they frequently held meetings and trained sympathizers at a nearby forest. The confessions indicated that they had made Hubli the main centre for their operations in Karnataka.According to sources, Hubli is a safe hideout for these elements because it's a central point for three states - Maharashtra and Goa on the west, Andhra Pradesh in the east - and hence it is easier to get in and out of the city. Another factor that has worked well with terrorists is the large forest cover that surrounds Hubli.But what really is making Hubli the terror hotbed is its tag of a communally sensitive city with a throwback to the controversial Idgah Maidan where the two communities are combating over land in the heart of the city. The issue went out of control when BJP leader Uma Bharati was arrested when she announced she would go to Hubli and hoist the tricolour at the Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16228446", "title": "Parrikar points to fault lines in Goan society", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , in his address to the gathering of Konkani mogis at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, last week, may have tried to win over the Catholic community, but he also implicitly pointed out to fault lines in Goan society and defects in regional polity that could undermine the state's developement in the real sense of the term.Underscoring the need to develop a sense of altruism and trustworthiness among the people, Parrikar cautioned that that the lack of these traits in Goan society could harm the state's march towards progress. He articulated this thought when he said: \"Languages are meant to foster love and not be a cause for dispute. Unfortunately, attempts are being made to drive a wedge in society on the basis of caste or religion... elections being the basic crux. It's unfortunate that we do not have trust in each other. If we are able to create an environment where we are able to place trust in each other, many of our problems will get solved,\" Parrikar averred.The chief minister reminded the audience that the issue of the medium of instruction was far from over, but stressed that \"it would not have been possible to address other pressing issues, had the dust raised over the MoI issue not been settled.\"The chief minister suggested in his address that the real threat to Konkani was from the English language and so it made much sense not to fight over the issue of differences of Konkani scripts. He gave the Konkani lovers some food for thought too. \"English was considered to be the commoner's language as opposed to French which was the language used by the elite. Therefore (as it had a wider reach) English flourished. If a language is to flourish, it should touch the hearts of the common man. Queen's language is getting richer by the day with the addition of Indian words into English,\" Parrikar said.\"So many problems have been created (by the earlier Congress regime) that there are lot many tasks to be resolved, so many works of the people to be done. So there is a need to build trust and confidence, but people start raising doubts over any and every thing,\" Parrikar rued.Referring to Gandhiji's oft quoted statement where the Father of the nation said that \"wealth without work, pleasure without conscience, knowledge without character, commerce without morality, science without humanity, worship without sacrifice and politics without principles\" were the roots of violence, Parrikar added his own \"vision without execution\" which, he said, also didn't augur well for the state's development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227359", "title": "Delhi soon to join solar city club, calls for proposals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi will soon join the list of solar cities. Recently, the New Delhi Municipal Council floated tenders inviting proposals from consultants for the solar city project. Officials say a consultant will be appointed soon.\"We are in the process of appointing a consultant for the solar city project. For this project we have got all the necessary approvals from the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE). The consultant will get six months to prepare the master plan for the solar city,\" said Amit Prasad, spokesperson, NDMC.The main aim of the solar city project is to bring down the total non-renewable energy consumption by 5%. \"While preparing the master plan, the consultant will take into account the expected increase in power consumption over the next 10 years. We plan to put up solar panels for water heating and generation of electricity,\" said an official.Once the master plan is ready, it will become mandatory for all buildings in the NDMC area to install solar panels. The civic agency is mulling of directly using the electricity generated from the solar panels in all its buildings. \"Instead of storing it in batteries, we will connect the electricity generated from solar panels to the main electricity supply. This will also bring down the load on the grid,\" said an official.\"We had a pre-bid discussion with some of the consultants who have applied for the project on Tuesday. The consultants will prepare a master plan proposal after studying the group situation. In Delhi, we don't have much land, so we have to make good use of the rooftops. The consultant will also work out a budget for the project,\" said an NDMC official.The civic agency has received Rs 50 lakh for the project from the MNRE. Once the master plan for solar city is ready, the civic agency will submit it to the ministry for final approval. Officials are hopeful that the work on the project will start by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233629", "title": "Kim Kardashian in 'Bigg Boss 6'?", "text": "If TV grapevine is to be believed, American socialite, television reality star, model and actress Kim Kardashian is keen on coming to India and wooing the great Indian diaspora, even if the promoters of Bigg Boss, TV channel Colors may find her \"too expensive\". Sources say that if all goes well, Kim may be seen on Indian television on an entertainment show on a well-known TV channel around Diwali.According to our source Kim Kardashian has indicated that she could be interested in coming to India, but right now nothing is confirmed.When queried if her asking rate was Rs 4.5 crore as reported in a section of the Indian media - for participating in a reality show - our source said that was all hogwash. \"I do not know where the media gets these figures from. Yes as one of the top entertainers in the industry, Kardashian, is in great demand, but these figures are highly exaggerated. It all depends on the kind of project. Of course, sponsored televised shows are considered with a different yardstick and charity appearances with an all together different one.\"A large corporate house with huge investments in telecom and entertainment is also keen on getting Kim Kardashian for a mega event in India. As the events scenario hots up in India and the festive season fast approaching, many 'foreign celebs' are sought after this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228694", "title": "'Acceptance, discipline can help deal with diabetes'", "text": "NAGPUR: Eminent persons from different walks of life, who are also diabetic, gave a message of acceptance and discipline in the face of diabetes to lead a full life. They were sharing their experiences at an awareness programme 'Hello Diabetes', organized by Diabetes Care and Research Centre (DCRC) and Diabetes Care Foundation of India, on Sunday.Stressing need for awareness not only about the disease but also other complications which might arise out of diabetes, Dr Sunil Gupta, director of DCRC, said that regular checkups and self care were key to leading a healthy life. Emphasizing on viewing diabetes as a condition rather than a disease, he said, \"Accepting diabetes and taking it in your stride will go a long way to lead a full life,\" he said.Vice chancellor of Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences, Dr Ved Prakash Mishra, said, \"If I didn't had diabetes I don't think I would have been as disciplined as I am today.\"Dr Debashish Chatterjee, who conducts diabetes awareness programmes, said, \"Discipline is a gift that diabetes gave us. It is also a tool to fight it.\"Sharing her story, Sonia Sahita, a young employee who was detected with diabetes even as she was seeking admission to engineering course, said, \"I bagged the gold medal in the final year at VNIT. I never hid my condition from any body. Support from my family, friends and doctors has helped me lead a successful life. Diabetes, even for the young, is not the end of the world,\" she said.Apart from the skits and presentation, a citizens forum threw light on care to be taken by a diabetic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16232738", "title": "Why Facebook addicts are usually women", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have uncovered new evidence of a genetic variant which makes people less likely to be able to tear themselves away from their computers - and the link occurred most frequently in women.The same genetic variation found to occur frequently in online addicts has already been linked to other forms of addiction - including nicotine addiction - and to loneliness and depression.\"Internet addiction is not a figment of our imagination. Researchers and therapists are increasingly closing in on it,\" the Daily Mail quoted Dr Christian Montag, who led the research at the University of Bonn in Germany, as saying.His team interviewed 800 people about their internet habits, including how often they thought about it and how much of an impact they felt if they had to go without.They then looked at the genetic makeup of the 132 who seemed most hooked and compared them to a \"healthy\" group.Many of the 132 had the same genetic variant, which was also linked to nicotine addiction.\"What we already know about the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor in the brain is that a mutation on the related gene promotes addictive behaviour. It seems this connection is essential for both nicotine and internet addiction,\" Dr Montag said.\"Within the group of subjects exhibiting problematic internet behaviour this variant occurs more frequently - particularly in women.\" This could be linked to a subgroup using social networks like Facebook,\" he added.The study has been published in the Journal of Addiction Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16232915", "title": "One more terror suspect nabbed in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Widening the net, police have arrested one more person allegedly linked with a terror module that was unearthed last week with 14 suspects now in custody.The City Crime Branch picked up Dr Nayueem Siddique here last evening on the basis of information provided by those already arrested.A laptop, mobile phone and Rs 10,000 in cash had been seized from Siddique, a native of Davangere, the CCB said in a release here.Siddique was in touch with the other arrested and providing logistical and financial support to their activities, police said, adding, he was also working as recruiter for them.CCB sleuths arrested 11 suspects, five from Hubli and six in the city on August 30 uncovering the terror module run by them in a major operation. Three more were arrested in as many days subsequently.The arrested including journalist Muti Ur-Reheman Siddique of an English daily, who had been remanded to police custody, were being subjected to intense questioning on their terror plans, police said.Preliminary investigation showed that the suspects had plans to target Sangh Parivar leaders, MPs, a media owner and two journalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "16227562", "title": "Youths kill supervisor to take revenge", "text": "DARJEELING: A four-year-old feud was enough for four youths to murder their supervisor at work in Darjeeling on Friday. Police managed to round up three of the accused on Saturday night. They were produced in court and remanded in five days of police custody.The murder comes two days after an 18-year-old boy was killed near Capitol Hill on Ladenla Road, situated at the heart of the town.Locals said that Wangdi Bhutia, 29, used to work as a supervisor in a road construction project in the Bhutia Bustee itself, while the four youths - Aditya Rai (24), Sandip Chhetri (24), Arvind Pariyar and Simon Limbu - worked as labourers under him.Recently, Aditya had got a job offer in Kuwait. After his visa got cleared, he arranged for a farewell party at home on the night of August 31 as he was supposed to leave for Kuwait on Saturday.The prime accused invited Wangdi and his fellow colleagues for the party. According to Aditya's statement to police, a drunken brawl between the supervisor and labourers angered the youths and they hit Wangdi on the head with an iron rod. Wangdi allegedly was very bossy and he made some comments in an inebriated state that did not go down with the youths, said police.During interrogation, the youth also revealed that he had had a fight with Wangdi four years ago. It was then that the latter had slashed him with a knife. \"We are trying to find out what exactly happened or what instigated Aditya to attack Wangdi with the rod,\" said L T Bhutia, inspector in charge of Darjeeling Sadar police station.According to Aditya's statement to police, a drunken brawl between the supervisor and labourers angered the youths and they hit Wangdi on the head with an iron rod. The youth also revealed that he had had a fight with Wangdi four years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233865", "title": "Priyanka juggling between Barfi and her music", "text": "Priyanka Chopra is on a roll these days. The super busy woman has two most important things coming up in this month.One is Anuraj Basu's Barfi where she plays the character of Jhilmil starring opposite Ranbir Kapoor. And the other is the launch of her first single, ' In My City '. Apparently In My City is going to be the National Football League's (NFL) theme song, an event which will have a colossal opening in US. Managing the two is a task, but Priyanka is putting all her energies into it.\"She is handling Barfi's movie promotion and the launch of her music simultaneously in spite of her tight schedules\", says a close friend of hers. \"Priyanka Chopra is promoting Barfi during the day with Ranbir, going to reality shows, launches, city tours and so on\".\"Whereas, on the other hand, after pack up she starts with her music promotions, which requires long hours and working double shifts. But PC is going out of her way to make it a huge success\".Priyanka Chopra is ready with her first single. Internationally singles get launched first and over a period of time an artiste launches their album. Priyanka Chopra's debut single \"In My City,' features Will.i.am and is produced by Red One (Lady Gaga) and Brian Kennedy.Single will be the music bed for the intro to Thursday Night Kickoff of NFL. NFL kicks off on September 13 with a video featuring Priyanka and this song. The release of the full song and accompanying video for 'In My City' are expected later this year.The NFL is a very significant platform that will give her the opportunity to reach out to millions of people in the most important music market in the world. It's the biggest sporting event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231632", "title": "Five arrested with weapons", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Sunday arrested five youths from Doranda locality here while they were planning to commit some crime. All the arrested criminals were released from jail on bail recently.Police said the leader of the gang identified as Manoj Chadda was released on bail only on Saturday. Chadda was earlier arrested in connection with the murder of one, Pawan Kumar Thakur, last November.Police also recovered a 9mm pistol, a country-made pistol, two bullets and three mobile phones from the possession of the five criminals.Ranchi (city) SP Vipul Shukla said the accused have confessed that they were planning some criminal activities at the time of their arrest. He did not reveal the plan of the criminals, though.Apart from Chadda, the others arrested are Sunil Thapa, Nikku Kumar, Manoj Kumar and Shashikant. They are all in the 20-26 age group. All of them have been sent to jail again.Man murdered: A 45-year-old man identified as Sukra Kujur was murdered at Kokar locality under the Sadar police station here on Saturday night. Police recovered the body on Sunday morning. The deceased had both of his eyes gorged out and there was an injury on the back of the head.Sadar police station in-charge Keshav Prasad said the victim may have been killed by his friends from Sarana Toli where his body was found.Police also also recovered liquor bottles from near the body.Locals said groups of youths use the area to drink at night. An FIR has been lodged against unknown persons in this connection, police said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227484", "title": "JP Nagar residents get some waste-management lessons", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 2,000 residents of JP Nagar I Phase got their first lessons in garbage management on Sunday: 50 volunteers of a citizen action group enlightened them of the importance of reducing and segregating waste at source.Sham TK, promoter, Indian People's Council, said 70% of residents welcomed the idea of segregating waste at households itself. \"Residents were curious to know what segregation of waste is and asked our volunteers to give them details.If each of the 2,000 residents passes on the message to one person at least, another 2,000 will be aware of the means of easing the city's garbage burden,\" he pointed out.Volunteers distributed two bags to help residents segregate dry and wet waste. The volunteers also advised them how to compost wet waste if they have gardens.The Indian People's Council is not buoyed by BBMP's idea to make garbage segregation mandatory by incentives and penalties.\"Waste segregation and composting cannot be policed and monitoredon everyday basis. The BBMP will not even know when people drop their waste at street corners. The idea of incentivizing and penalizing might not work at all. People will have to do it on their own; they will have to change their attitude towards waste management and reducing the load on landfills,\" Sham told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231386", "title": "Murder at wine shop, accused held", "text": "INDORE: Incidents of murder, loot continue unabated in the city despite the police crackdown on goons in the city. A day after two miscreants looted Rs 53 lakh in Juni Indore area on Saturday, a person was stabbed to death in Malharganj area on Sunday evening.Malharganj police inspector Sitaram Yadav said the dispute between deceased Vinod, son of Madanlal Malviya and accused Bablu alias Vikas Balai, residents of Aerodrum area, at the wine shop resulted in the murder.The police officer said the reason for the murder could not be confirmed at the time of filing of the story.Locals immediately informed the police about the incident and Vinod was rushed to the district hospital where he breathed his last in a few minutes.The area was cordoned off and the accused was arrested within half an hour of the incident. The body was sent for autopsy.On Saturday, two bike-borne youths looted Rs 53 lakh from a busy city road from two men. No arrest has been made in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228302", "title": "Congress's social engineering model set to backfire", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the run-up to the 2014 general elections, which coincide with AP assembly polls, the political situation in the state remains fluid. The main political parties are already gearing up to face the D-Day by working out strategies to win back support of various sections of society by liberally promising them tickets. Telugu Desam Party , which has been in the opposition in the state for the last eight years, set the ball rolling by assuring to give at least 100 tickets for the assembly to the Backward Classes.The Congress has gone a step ahead by promising sub-quotas for various caste groups. In fact, APCC president Botsa Satyanarayana unveiled plans to cut the \"upper castes\" to size by reducing their \"quota\" drastically. But the PCC chief must know that emulating the \"social engineering\" model of UP's Mayawati or Mulayam Singh would not work here because the structure and texture of caste politics in the two states are totally different. Parties based on dalit and OBC bases have come to stay in UP, almost edging out the power base of national parties, the Congress and BJP , there.Besides the Congress and BJP, regional players Telugu Desam, YSR Congress and TRS draw political support and electoral sustenance from across the caste and community spectrum. No single party can claim to represent a particular caste group. Dominance of a particular caste among the leaders in a political party is different from its support base cutting across castes. However, it is a fact that caste plays a key role in the selection of candidates for the elections.This situation persists because, apart from the statutory reservations in place for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in the assembly, the political parties follow the system of \"informal reservations\" for various castes in the choice of candidates for contesting the elections. In the 294-member House , 48 seats are reserved for SCs and 19 for STs. Informal \"reservations\" come into play in picking up candidates for the other seats. Almost 50 constituencies are \"informally earmarked\" for Reddys and another 20 constituencies for Kammas. Similarly, constituencies in particular districts are \"reserved\" for other castes, including other forward castes and Backward Classes. However, the minorities-Muslims and Christians-do not figure anywhere in these 'caste-based' quotas.In the 2009 elections, for instance, Congress had fielded 147 candidates from upper castes, followed by TDP with 145 and the then Prajarajyam Party with 102. Congress had given tickets to 147 candidates from OBCs, SCs, STs and minorities. TDP had nominated 149 candidates from these four groups and the PRP had given tickets to 192 nominees from these sections.The caste composition of the 294 elected members in 2009 shows the power-sharing by various castes. As many as 160 members belonged to upper castes and they included 83 Reddys, 29 Kammas, 19 Kapus/Balijas, 10 Velamas, 8 Kshatriyas, 7 Vysyas and 4 Brahmins. Apart from 48 SCs and 19 STs, 56 BCs and 11 Muslims were among those elected. These four groups accounted for 134 members.In this backdrop, Botsa's formula for earmarking sub-quotas for various castes based on their proportion to state's population looks preposterous. The caste data cited by the PCC president is based on the last caste-based census conducted in 1921. In the last 9 decades, the caste composition in the state has undergone a sea-change. Moreover, particular castes have traditionally been active in politics, compared to other castes and these they have dominated particular constituencies and even districts. For instance, Reddys have been dominating the political scene in 15 out of 23 districts. Kammas, on the other hand, are active in four districts. Kapus have substantial presence in seven districts, Koppula Velamas in three districts and Velamas in one district. Other upper castes-Vysyas, Brahmins and Kshatriyas have marginal base. Muslims have significant numerical strength in Hyderabad.Just for the record, it may be mentioned that Botsa may not be the first one to try out \"social engineering\" in AP Congress.Way back in 1972, the then chief minister P V Narasimha Rao too tried to cut the Reddys and other upper castes to size by fielding more candidates from backward classes and minorities in the assembly polls. The result was disastrous for the ruling party. Though Congress won 219 seats in the 187-member House, independents, mainly Congress rebels,emerged as the main opposition with 57 members. All the opposition parties could win only 11 seats. Soon after, Separate Andhra agitation rocked the state, leading to imposition of President's rule in January 1973!(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16229296", "title": "70 years on, professor born in British India faces UK deportation", "text": "LONDON: In a bizarre case involving Britain's immigration laws, a 70-year-old academic born in British India and hailed as the symbol of national resilience after being a victim of the July 7, 2005 London attacks, is reported to be facing deportation.John Tulloch , a prominent academic born in India in 1942, belongs to a family that served in colonial India for generations. His father was a major in Gurkha Rifles while his great-grandfather was in the Indian Civil Service.The Sunday Telegraph reported that since he was born in colonial India, he was conferred a lesser form of UK nationality known as a 'British subject without citizenship'. After studies in Cambridge, Sussex and a career in British academia, he took a job in Australia and later acquired Australian citizenship. Due to his being a 'British subject without citizenship', his acquisition of Australian citizenship cancelled both his British nationality and his right to live in Britain.The Telegraph reported that when he applied to renew his British passport, it was confiscated. Tulloch said, \"I am totally gobsmacked by this. I've got a huge attachment to Britain. My family has served Britain for three generations. I've been banging my head against a wall trying to get this sorted out, but I've never before encountered so much frustration. It's like Kafka\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231252", "title": "Review: Micromax Funbook Pro", "text": "Micromax launched Funbook, a 7-inch tablet, in April this year. Unlike some other tablet makers in India, the company did not rush into the market. It tied up with a few content producers and positioned the tablet as a device for school students. \"Pass Hoga, Time Pass Bhi Hoga,\" was the tagline Micromax used for Funbook in a bid to attract consumers. But it didn't really work. In a bid to keep the price low, the company had cut too many corners. We reviewed the tablet and found it lacking in many aspects.Few months later, Micromax is taking another stab at the tablet market. This time the tablet is named Funbook Pro. Can the Pro succeed where the 'junior' failed? Read on to know...Better finish There is a reason why the new tablet from Micromax comes with the pro tag. It is bigger and better than the junior Funbook. Bigger is obvious. Funbook Pro has a 10-inch screen. It is actually 10.1 inches but what is 0.1 between friends. A resolution of 600 x 1024 pixels gives the screen 16:9 aspect ratio. This makes Funbook Pro more rectangular than square, which is perfectly fine and in keeping with the industry standard.Now, let's talk about better. One of our complaint with Funbook was that its build quality was lacking. Funbook Pro largely addresses that issue. The body is still entirely made of plastic and back cover with faux aluminium finish is there but the tablet has been assembled in a better way. It feels sturdier. In terms of build quality, we did notice one peculiarity. The volume rocker has been placed upside down. This means the top button reduces the voice while the bottom one increases it!Just like most other budget tablets in market, Funbook has ample connectivity options. There are two micro USB ports, microSD card slot, headphone jack and mini HDMI port. If you are wondering about the USB port, worry not. Micromax has bundled microUSB to USB adapters so lack of USB port is not a problem.The tablet is powered by a 1.2GHz single core processor. It has 1GB RAM, 8GB internal storage, VGA camera on the front and battery rated for 5,600 mAh. The tablet supports only Wi-Fi. This means you cannot put a sim into FunBook Pro for 3G connectivity, though a data dongle can be connected to the USB port for web access on the go.Some hits, some missesFunbook Pro runs Android 4 aka Ice Cream Sandwich. While Android's latest version is Jelly Bean (4.1), Ice Cream Sandwich is a huge difference compared to Gingerbread (2.3) that many budget tablets run. Better processor in Funbook Pro means the performance on it is slightly faster than the junior Funbook.Though, benchmarks don't show the gap to be big between the performance of the two tablets, during use Funbook Pro feels just a lot better. It has to do with the minimum threshold. The original Funbook just couldn't cross it. The bigger tablet may not be the fastest tablet around but manages to cope well with the typical tablet usage. Yes, there is user interface lag and multitasking brings the tablet to its knees, but if you are willing to compromise a bit, the computing experience on Funbook Pro is decent.Web browsing works well unless you don't open too many web pages, document can be created, games like Angry Birds can be played, mail can be checked, and movies can be watched. Talking of movies, let us emphasise that video playback is a highlight of Funbook Pro's performance. All popular video formats like MP4 and AVI can be played in their full HD resolution. There is no need to convert videos into particular formats or decrease their resolution.So far so good. But what about misses?The primary problem with Funbook is its screen. Yes, it is better than what junior tablet had. The colours are decent. Touch response, though not as good as what found on more expensive tablets, is good enough given the low cost of the device. The main problem with the screen is the level of brightness. It is just too low and that creates problems, especially if you want to use the tablet outdoors. The other issue is with the viewing angles. This means if you tilt your head while looking at the screen or watch something on it from sides, you will see distorted colours.Another big problem with Funbook Pro is its battery life. When we looped a video on it, the battery lasted three hours and seven minutes. During the actual use, the tablet managed little over seven hours of battery time. Depending on your use, this may give you all-day computing but compared to some other tablets out in the market, the battery life is below average.Is it worth its price?Funbook Pro has its flaws. Screen is particularly an issue. But given that it sells for just Rs 9,999 these are the flaws we can live with.In the last several months, many budget tablets have been launched in India. Unfortunately, barring one or two, they don't work out. While prices are low, the problem with these tablets is that they sacrifice too much to give a decent tablet experience. It's the problem of not even meeting minimum threshold. Funbook Pro is somewhat different. Yes, it doesn't dazzle the world but it gives a user an experience that is worth its asking price. If you can spend some more money, Blackberry Playbook or Samsung Tab 2 are obviously better choices. But if you have to buy a tablet for less than Rs 10,000, give FunBook Pro a serious thought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232469", "title": "Advani to launch pilgrimage scheme today", "text": "BHOPAL: Former deputy prime minister and senior BJP leader L K Advani would launch the Madhya Pradesh government's much-touted Mukhymantri Teerth Darshan Yojana (CM's pilgrimage programme) for senior citizens from Habibganj railway station here on Monday. The first batch of 984 pilgrims would leave for Rameshwaram.Under the scheme, 60,000 old people (60 and above), of different religions--who are not income tax payers-- would be taken to pilgrimage this year. MP government and Indian Railways Catering &amp; Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) would take care of journey and other needs of the pilgrims like - food, insurance , medical treatment, guide and other facilities, officials said.Pilgrims would be taken to Badrinath, Kedarnath, Jagannath Puri, Dwarkapuri, Haridwar,Amarnath, Vaishnodevi, Shirdi, Tirupati, Ajmer Sharif, Kashi (Varanasi), Gaya,Amritsar, Rameshwaram, Sammved-Shikhar, Shravanabelgola and Velankanni Church,Nagapattnam ( Tamil Nadu ) under the pilgrimage scheme.A total number of 984 senior citizens from western parts of the state including Bhopal , Hoshangabad as well as Rajgarh, Vidisha, Raisen, Sehore, Betul, Harda and other districts would be taken to Rameshwaram, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227275", "title": "Three get life term for bid to kill minor after abduction", "text": "NEW DELHI: While upholding life terms awarded to three persons for trying to kill a boy after kidnapping him for ransom nine years ago, the Delhi high court has set aside the trial court's stipulation that the convicts would not be freed unless they spend 35 years in jail.\"Considering the facts and circumstances of the case, there was no justification for imposing this condition (of no remission in sentence before 35 years of actual jail term).\"The same is ordered to be modified and the sentence awarded to the appellants would be imprisonment for life with fine of Rs 25,000 each...,\" said a bench of Justices Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg, while upholding the life terms awarded to city residents Rajender Kumar, Riazuddin and Sanjeev by the trial court.\"The convicts shall not be considered for grant of remission till they undergo an actual sentence of thirty five years,\" the trial court had ruled while sentencing the trio.The case dated back to March 4, 2003, when police had received a complaint from a Rohini resident that his seven-year-old son had gone missing.The police found the seven-year-old boy lying abandoned near Shiv Mandir on Lawrence Road near Keshav Puram in northwest Delhi the next day.It was revealed that the boy was kidnapped by the three for a ransom of Rs 4 lakh but when their bid failed, they threw the victim in a drain. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227472", "title": "Kolkata student one of youngest at Stanford University", "text": "KOLKATA: A 23-year-old student from the city has become one of the youngest to qualify for the MBA programme at Stanford University . The Stanford Graduate School of Business in California, one of the best B-schools in the world, has the highest ratio of applicants to available seats and lowest acceptance rates.\"I am very fortunate to get selected for Stanford's MBA programme straight out of college. The admissions committee advised me to work for another year as they felt that I would get more out of Stanford's experiential learning curriculum. So I worked in the digital team of Magma FinCorp Ltd. I am now set to join Stanford in September,\" said Harsh Chamria. He will be one of the youngest students at the prestigious MBA programme where the median year of experience is four years.Harsh studied in St James School in Kolkata till Class VI before going to Doon School, from where he went to Appleby College in Canada on an exchange programme. After passing Class X, he decided to return to his family in Kolkata for Plus Two course because he knew he would thereafter go abroad for graduation. \"I did not want to stay away from home for 10 years at a stretch. I was getting homesick,\" he confessed.He passed Class XII from La Martiniere for Boys and then went to Cornell University for electrical and computer engineering and developed a prototype of mobile payment system with a classmate. \"I was always interested in the convergence of telecom, network and finance and Cornell offered the right course,\" he said.After being awarded entrepreneurship in engineering fellowship (Cornell Kessler fellows) in junior year, Harsh partnered with Silicon Valley startup Bling Nation located just behind Stanford. There, he pioneered the idea to combine social-media connectivity at the point-of-sale and developed blueprint for web-interface to be used by partner merchants to identify consumer groups, run and measure the effectiveness of customized promotions based on simple analytics.\"In my last semester in college, I developed and implemented low-cost college sales strategy at Cornell, growing business to over 1,500 customers and 12 partner merchants. I also expanded the college ambassador programme to Stanford, Cornell, UT-Austin, and University of Knoxville,\" Harsh recounted.After the admission committee at Stanford advised him to gain professional experience in India, he joined family firm Magma FinCorp. Harsh's father Sanjay Chamria is the vice-chairman and managing director of Magma FinCorp, one of the largest asset finance companies in India with $2.7 billion in assets.Over the past year-and-a-half, Harsh developed an innovative online lead-generation sales channel for the car loans business, implemented a full-scale online credit-underwriting solution in top-10 cities of India based on success of online lead-generation pilot targeting $1million business in the first month of operation. He also created a cross-platform digital strategy comprising branding and sales initiatives.\"Magma's business has grown manifold in the past decade. But as a brand, it had not quite evolved. So I helped Magma's first corporate brand-building campaign, targeting potential investors, employees, and evolved customers. I also developed a brand new website, social-media web properties, display-media and keyword-search campaigns that led to a quantum leap in the organization's digital presence,\" he said. After the MBA, Harsh intends to return to Kolkata to either start a tech-venture of his own, or join Magma.When not chalking out new business ideas, Harsh is busy at the gym or dancing salsa. He was part of the Salsa troupe at Cornell University and ran the half marathon in Mumbai. \"I am passionate about fitness and love to dance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16229755", "title": "In Pali, a river being killed", "text": "JAIPUR: Yet another river is dying, this time in the environment minister's constituency. Not long ago, Bandi in Pali district was a seasonal river. Every monsoon it recharged the wells in the area crucial for farmers surviving on agriculture. But for quite some time now the groundwater is being contaminated by chemical effluents from the textile industry, rendering the soil barren for almost over 120km around the river \u2014 a development that is fanning a farmers' agitation. This has been happening despite Rajasthan high court orders in 2004 and in 2008 that no untreated water shall be released into the river. Ironically , the river falls in Sumerpur assembly segment in Pali district, represented by state minister of environment Bina Kak. Water tests done by the administration show total dissolved solids (TDS) touching 7,000-8 ,000 mg per litre, rendering it unfit for consumption. TDS limit for human consumption is 1500mg/l. Effluents from Pali flow about 55km downstream, making the groundwater in several riverbank villages unfit for irrigation or drinking. \"We have been waging this battle for the last eight years. The river has turned into a chemical-laden 'nullah' and despite good rain all over the state this river has not got any water. Despite the HC order there are about 600 units functional in Pali but only 16 have approval of the state pollution control board. Instead of the permissible 36 (million litres per day) MLD the industry is discharging over 50MLD of untreated effluents in to the river,\" said Mahaveer Singh, general secretary, Sri Kisan Paryavaran Sangarsh Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228596", "title": "Goa University takes up last phase of project to build compound wall", "text": "PANAJI: Goa university has taken up the last phase of its project to build a compound wall on three sides of the campus, to safeguard its property from encroachers.Goa's lone and state-run university took up the work last August to demarcate its boundaries.The state university faces a peculiar situation with its property, where a public road passes through the campus and it does not have an enclosed complex as most varsities do.\"The campus shares common boundaries with some private land owners and there have been attempts to encroach. We are now in the final phase of constructing the compound wall and once it is complete the university will have clearly demarcated boundaries, which will help preserve GU's land,\" a source said.The road running through the university is the major link between Bambolim and Dona Paula and witnesses significant traffic movement being the shortest route connecting the two areas. Not having an exclusive campus means that the varsity does not enjoy the same privileges as other universities like keeping its library and other facilities open for students round the clock due to security reasons.\"The road passing through the university is GU's road and it is not for the university to construct another road for public access,\" the source said.The total stretch of the compound wall when completed is expected to be 12-km long. Goa University's campus encompasses an area under three village panchayats - Santa Cruz, Bambolim and Taleigao. The land was clearly demarcated only in early 2000 and the university did not have enough funds to fence the vast expanse of its campus until recently.The land adjoining Santa Cruz panchayat and Bambolim village has already been fenced. The university will now take up work of fencing of its premises in the area adjoining Taleigao panchayat. \"There are some traditional pathways passing through the campus, which will be left out while constructing the compound wall,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232566", "title": "Travelator at Habibganj railway station soon", "text": "BHOPAL: A travelator installed on platform number one at Habibganj railway station would be functional shortly.Installed at a cost of Rs 70 lakh, test run of travelator has already been carried out. \"It is in perfect shape,\" West Central Railways' (WCR) Bhopal division officials said.The new walkway would prove a boon for passengers who face problem in climbing stairs to reach platform.Around 25,000 passengers make journey from Habibganj station from where more than 50 trains pass and originate daily. A large number of people come to the station to receive or see off their relatives boarding trains, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227306", "title": "Youth gets 10-year jail for gang rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been sentenced to 10 years in jail by a Delhi court for gang-raping a girl along with his three friends, including two minors, in 2010. Additional sessions judge ( ASJ) Ravinder Dudeja held Delhi resident Rambir guilty of raping the 18-year-old girl after kidnapping her from roadside in east Delhi where she was waiting for her office cab. The court rejected Rambir's his contention that the girl was friendly with him and lodged a false case of rape following some quarrel with his friend.\"The testimony of prosecutrix (girl) is unflinching, consistent and infallible and inspires confidence of the court to believe her version regarding the rape committed by accused,\" the court said. While the case against Rambir's two juvenile friends is being adjudicated by the Juvenile Justice Board, the fourth accused is yet to be arrested and has been declared proclaimed offender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16231991", "title": "\u2018Artificial crisis created to import coal at higher prices\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Bharatiya Janata Party sees one more scam by importing coal on higher prices instead of mining it from the allotted coal blocks.During a press conference here on Sunday, BJP vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, \"If X bought a plot of land 10 years back, its market price would have surged by now, irrespective of the fact that there has been any construction on it. So the business houses, who managed to acquire the coal blocks many years back, have minted money, even if coal has not been mined. In the 2G spectrum case, business houses bought spectrum and sold it. Similarly, coal blocks were bought and sold. Hence, an artificial crisis was created. Coal was imported at high prices because resources were rendered unavailable. It negates the zero loss idea floated by the UPA government.\"The reasons being given after all scams that the UPA is committing faults by getting inspired with the policies of the NDA government are a bid to befool the countrymen, said Naqvi. \"If NDA had committed any wrongdoing, then why the UPA government avoided probe and action against it in the past eight years,\" he said. He also termed the bid of formation of Third Front, a Congress-sponsored drama to confuse the countrymen. The same parties which saved the Congress-led UPA government during crisis have enacted the drama of forming a Third Front, he said.Putting a list of scams in the country since 1949, he said, \"The history-sheeter party of corruption, has now converted into a multi-national company of scams whose chairperson is Sonia Gandhi and the chief executive officer is Manmohan Singh.\" Reacting to Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh's remarks made for CAG, he said Singh is also one of the directors of the company. Within one hour of CAG report on the coal block allocation scam, the UPA government called it `invalid', effectively rubbishing it, insisting there was a zero loss in its allocation, said Naqvi. Congress averred that if there was any financial misdemeanour at all, it occurred in opposition ruled state, he said. It exposes the mindset of Congress to shield the corruption and scams.Naqvi said that his party sees no serious effort from Congress to keep the parliament functional. In fact, the Congress is coordinating with its allies and convincing them to isolate the BJP, not corruption mafias. He said that the BJP and countrymen cannot remain mute spectators for the loot of nation's wealth.The BJP leader said that the party would continue demanding resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Parliament and on the roads. He said that possibility of mid-term Lok Sabha election can't be denied but the BJP is presently busy in the Vidhan Sabha elections in two states in 2012 and nine states in 2013. Naqvi said that the prime ministerial candidate of BJP would be declared before the launch of electioneering for Lok Sabha election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227415", "title": "Bengal govt steps up heat on molesters", "text": "KOLKATA: A foreigner who had come on a visit to Kolkata was molested on Mayo Road in 2006. The conviction was a fine of a mere Rs 1,000. Six years later, not much has changed with regards to the punishment meted out to molesters. The accused if convicted has to either cough up a paltry fine and/or go behind the bars for a maximum period of two years.In order to impose a more stringent punishment on molesters, the Mamata Banerjee government now wants \"some cases of molestation\" to be classified as non-bailable crime and the punishment to be imprisonment of three to seven years.Cases of molestation have become quite common in the city. In April this year, the city police had registered 40 molestation cases, 44 in May and yet another 34 in June. Similar numbers were also reported in July and August, though the exact figures are not available. However, in most of these cases the offenders roamed scot free, thanks to the lenient sentence.According to Section 354 of IPC, which is 'assault or criminal force to a woman with intent to outrage her modesty', \"Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any woman, intending to outrage or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby outrage her modesty, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both.\"State law minister Moloy Ghatak said on Sunday that the state government was working on this section of the IPC to classify different categories of molestation and punishment will vary according to the cases. \"Molestation includes a whole range of crime. If punishment under Section 354 is simply made harsh without fixing categories then there will be scope of misusing it just like 498A,\" Ghatak said. \"We would thus like the offence to be categorized according to the severity, and punishment to be different for different categories,\" the minister added.The state government has in fact begun work on Section 354 after being prodded by the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC). Commission chairperson Ashok Ganguly had earlier observed that violence against women had increased alarmingly in West Bengal. Following in the footsteps of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh, the offence must be made non-bailable and punishment ought to be up to seven years' imprisonment in West Bengal as well, the WBHRC had observed.This is not, however, not the first time that IPC 354 is being examined. In 2008, such a proposal had gone to the state from Kolkata Police authorities. However, the matter took a bizarre turn later that year when the state raised the question of how to define \"modesty\". The issue later took a backseat.The move by the Trinamool Congress government has received mixed reactions from different quarters. While Sunanda Mukherjee, chairperson of the West Bengal Commission for Women, felt this will rightly give justice to victims, Bharati Mutsuddi, lawyer and former member of the state commission for women, said molestation couldn't be categorized.\"I don't think such categorization will help. It will only go in favour of the accused as the attempt is always to make the crime appear lighter than it is. Also, in the court, it would be difficult to prove the different categories,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16227389", "title": "Noida has no nursery policy", "text": "NOIDA: Even though a large number of parents from Delhi, especially east Delhi, head towards Noida to get their children admitted in nursery schools, lack of aformal policy has made the entire process a nightmare from them. Different schools have separate methodologies for admission ranging from first-come-first-serve basis to following Delhi's point-based system.Parents, as a result, are running from pillar to post to ensure that their child gets admission in a good school. \"The fact that every school has different criteria makes everything confusing. Schools have tried to simplify the process, but with so little seats things get very hard for us,\" said Ramesh Parameshwaran, a resident of Mayur Vihar.While schools admitted that the process can be hard for parents, many have opted for a point-based system similar to Delhi to minimize confusion. \"We look at various categories, such as the vicinity of the child's residence from school, whether the student is a girl child, alumni or if there is a sibling already studying with us,\" said Renu Singh, principal, Amity International School.Some schools have decided to favour students from Noida than their Delhi counterparts. For instance, Ryan International School officials said that as they don't have CNG buses, it is not possible to drop students living in Delhi. \"We always favour students from Noida. With the increasing number of applications apart from the bus problem, we will not be admitting students from Delhi this year,\" said Anuradha Sharma, principal, Ryan International School.Meanwhile, the district administration has once again been lax about nursery admissions and parents allege that many of them are forced to undergo an interview process. \"As there is no fixed policy, schools can do anything they like. Some schools exploit parents by assessing their financial condition through an interview and making it a marker for admission,\" said Vinayak Das, a resident of Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226854", "title": "First multi-specialty hosp on PPP basis opens", "text": "JAIPUR: The first multi-specialty hospital of the state on public private partnership (PPP) basis, Metro Manas Arogya Health and General Hospital, opened in Jaipur on Sunday. It has 22 specialties in the initial stage.Earlier, the state government had constructed the building to open a hospital in Mansarovar to cater to patients' needs of the nearby areas. But, due to certain constraints the state government had decided to open it on PPP basis as it has limited resources. Sanganer MLA Ghanshyam Tiwari had opposed the government's step to open the hospital on PPP basis.Now, the government has provided the hospital building to Metro group of hospitals to run it. The group has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU).The hospital has 220 beds initially with 60 beds in ICU. Hospital director Dr Deepak Yaduvanshi said, \"We have plans to expand the hospital. It is a kind of dry run for us. We will test the efficiency and also put the system in place before expanding the facilities.\"At present, the hospital has been opened without emergency services. \"We have plans to open emergency, in patient department (IPD) and intensive care unit (ICU) within two months,\" Dr Yaduvanshi said.The hospital has special provision for BPL families and government employees. Dr Yaduvanshi said, \"A patient has to pay Rs 200 for outdoor patient department (OPD) but the hospital will not charge any OPD fee from BPL people. But to avail the facility, the BPL patient must show his BPL card. The OPD will remain open from 9am to 5pm on Sundays too.\"The hospital claimed that it is the third largest hospital in the city to have the best healthcare facilities and it is the first big hospital of the state to run on the PPP model.Since the hospital will run on PPP basis, it has reserved 20% of the total beds for BPL patients and the hospital will provide free of cost IPD facilities.Also, the state government has appointed chief monitoring officer, who will ensure that the BPL patients are given free healthcare facilities without any discrimination in the hospital. Besides, 30% of the total beds would be reserved for the government employees. The rest 50% beds would be without reservation.The state government had constructed the building five years ago at a cost of Rs 40 crore, sources said.EomJaipur: The first multi-specialty hospital on public private partnership (PPP) basis of Rajasthan, Metro Manas Arogya Health and general hospital, opened in Jaipur on Sunday with 22 specialties in the initial stage.Earlier, the state government had constructed the building to open a hospital in Mansarovar to cater to patients' needs of the nearby areas. But, due to certain constraints the state government had decided to open it on the PPP basis as it has limited resources. Sanganer MLA Ghanshyam Tiwari had opposed the government's step to open the hospital on PPP basis.Now, the government has provided the hospital building to Metro group of hospitals to run it after the state government and Metro group of hospitals had signed the memorandum of understanding (MoU).The hospital has been opened with 220 beds initially with 60 beds in ICU. Hospital director Dr Deepak Yaduvanshi said, \"We have opened it in a soft manner. But, we have plans to expend the hospital. It is a kind of dry run for us. We will test efficiency and also put the system in place before expanding the facilities.\"At present, the hospital has been opened without emergency services. \"We have plans to open emergency, IPD and ICUs within two months,\" Dr Yaduvanshi said.The hospital has special provision for BPL people and also government employees. Dr Yaduvanshi said, \"A patient has to pay Rs200 for OPD but the hospital will not charge any OPD fee from the BPL people. But to avail the facility, the BPL patient must show his BPL card. The hospital's outdoor patient department (OPD) will remain open from 9am to 5pm on Sundays too.\"The hospital claimed that it is third largest hospital in the city to have the best healthcare facilities and it is first of such big hospital of the state to run on the PPP model.Since the hospital will run on PPP basis, it has reserved 20% of the total beds for BPL patients and the hospital will provide free of cost IPD facilities.Also, the state government has appointed chief monitoring officer, who will ensure that the BPL patients are getting free and without discrimination healthcare facilities in the hospital. Besides, 30% of the total beds would be reserved for the government employees. The rest of the 50% beds would be without reservation.The state government had constructed the building five years ago with a cost of Rs40crore, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16231623", "title": "Electric shock kills woman, daughter-in-law", "text": "BOKARO: A 55-year-old woman and her daughter-in-law were electrocuted to death after they came in contact with a live electric wire at a farm in Amlabaad area under the Chandankyari block here on Sunday.B Devi with her daughter-in-law Shanti Devi, residents of Fatehpur village, had gone to the farm for some work in morning. While walking in the farm their feet touched a live wire lying on the ground and they collapsed on the spot.A villager who was passing by saw them lying on ground near the live wire and raised an alarm. Other villagers rushed to the spot, cut off the power supply from the transformer and took the victims to hospital where doctors there declared them brought dead,\" said Amlabaad Police Outpost in-charge Deepak Kumar.C Mahto, father-in-law of Shanti, said the incident occurred due to the snapped electric wire which passes over their farmland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234220", "title": "Sangeetha has a baby shower", "text": "Singer Krish and actress Sangeetha, who got married to each other a few years ago, are now expecting the arrival of their first baby by the end of this year.The couple had a grand valaikappu function at their home along with friends and family.The duo is quite kicked about the arrival of their baby. Sangeetha has taken a break from acting, while Krish is on an all time high with his music work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16229790", "title": "Kargil war hero quits Army to fight illegal mining in Sikar", "text": "JAIPUR: He fought the enemy in the hills of Kargil , but now he's gearing up for another battle. Naik Jairam Singh Tanwar, a Vir Chakra awardee who took a bullet in the Kargil war, took voluntary retirement from the Army to wage war on illegal mining. He has now trained his sights on the mines that have destroyed the serene environment of his small village in Sikar district in the lap of the Aravalis. On Sunday, the entire Dabla village rose to give a grand welcome to Tanwar. Villagers hoisted him on their shoulders and ferried him throughout the village, vowing to drive out the miners who have been creating immense problems for the 1000-odd residents of Dabla. Tanwar, who was posted as an instructor in Rajputana Rifles' in New Delhi cantonment, quit after 16 years of distinguished service in the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16229498", "title": "CBSE ties up with WWF, TRAFFIC to conduct online quiz", "text": "Encouraging students to protect wildlife, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has tied up with WWF India and TRAFFIC India to conduct 'Wild Wisdom,' an online quiz. The quiz is open to all Indians between 11 and 13 years of age. The quiz will be conducted at three levels and participants need to qualify for level I and II in order to reach the final level. Finally, top 10 participants will be awarded prizes.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, we must assume responsibility for wildlife conservation and make efforts to encourage our present generation to seek solutions through education. They should be reminded that they can make a difference.He adds, \"Wild Wisdom gives students an opportunity to delve deeper into the repertoire of wild life that India has and develop pride in this legacy. Also, such contests will encourage learning outside the classroom.\" Each level of the quiz will be on for a week (10am and 5pm). To participate, students will need to log on with their 'user name' and 'password' provided. Level I of the quiz was conducted from August 27 to September 2. There are two further levels to be conducted now. All those participants who have qualified for level I, will get a chance to move on to the next levels.Level II will be conducted from September 10 to September 16 and will have 20 questions to be completed within a time frame of 10 minutes. Once the stipulated time limit is over, the quiz will be timed out. A participant has to score at least 60% or get at least 12 answers right to qualify for the next level.Level III will be conducted from October 1 to October 7 and will have 25 questions to be completed within a time frame of 10 minutes. The final winners will be selected on the basis of maximum number of correct answers. In case of a tie, a lucky draw will be held to select the final 10 winners. The winners will receive 'goody bags.' Also, their names and photographs will be published on the WWF-India website. For details, log on to wwfindia.org and http://cbse.nic.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228215", "title": "BU could\u2019ve been Oxford of India, says law minister", "text": "BANGALORE: Law and urban development minister S Suresh Kumar is unhappy with the way Bangalore University (BU) has been functioning. At an event on Sunday, he said the varsity, which once held a prestigious place, has been in the limelight for all the wrong reasons. \"If it functioned properly, BU would have become the 'Oxford' and the 'Cambridge' of India,\" he pointed out.The minister was speaking at the VK Gokak award presentation ceremony at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan. The award was given to Gurulinga Kapse for his contributions in the field of language. The function was marked by the launch of 'Bharata Sindhu Rashmi Ondu Vivechane' a collection of essays in Kannada and English on Jnanpith award winner Gokak's Kannada epic 'Bharata Sindhu Rashmi'. Suresh Kumar felt 'Bharata Sindhu Rashmi' should be brought out in the 'gamaka' form and the Kannada and culture department should take the initiative for this project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228759", "title": "Man stabbed for intervening in fight", "text": "NAGPUR: A 34-year-old man was seriously injured when he was stabbed for intervening in a fight. Victim Feroze Khan had merely tried to rescue his nephew Shaikh Imran from the wrath of accused Umar Shaikh when he was stabbed at Sakkardara on Saturday evening.Police said Imran and Umar had a tiff over consuming 'kharra' around a fortnight ago. They had both warned each other of dire consequences. The enmity culminated in a scuffle on Saturday when Umar started thrashing Imran. Seeing the fighting youths, Imran's maternal uncle Feroze intervened.An enraged Umar stabbed Feroze in the left side of the stomach. Feroze collapsed on the spot and was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital. An offence of serious assault has been registered at Sakkardara police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16228027", "title": "From gottilla, say gottu", "text": "An incident at a crowded Bangalore hypermarket prompted Mayur PH and his friends to start Kannada classes for those unfamiliar with the language. A woman who had lost her child in the weekend crowd was frantically trying to communicate with security personnel but was severely handicapped by her inability to speak Kannada.\"We stepped in and helpe her explain things to the security guard and the problem was solved, but it made us think,\" says Mayur. It made them think of the many people who had poured into Bangalore after the IT boom, of their inability to communicate effectively in their daily lives, and of the situations in which they could find themselves when knowing a smattering of Kannada could mean the difference between life and death.THE FIRST LESSON So Mayur and his two friends (who wish to remain anonymous) started by giving lessons in basic Kannada to their colleagues at the tech company where they all work. For two years now, they have held classes on the premises of their workplace and taught the basics of the language to close to 800 coworkers during two and three-hour sessions held after office hours. Then, about a year ago, they started getting enquiries about off-campus classes and started conducting them in a small way for those who had heard about their effort through word-of-mouth. \"We never charged our colleagues for the lessons, and initially the classes held outside were also free. But people showed a lack of seriousness and would often drop out or miss classes, and we realized that we'd have to start charging them so that they take this seriously,\" explains Mayur.AN ORGANIZED EFFORT That's when they embarked on the plan to create a fullfledged Kannada school.They registered it as a partnership and branded their unique effort as the 'Kannada Learning School', with its own logo,website and Facebook and Twitter pages. \"Since we have devised our own lesson plans over the years, along with teaching modules and techniques that are uniquely our own,we needed to protect this intellectual property,\" says Mayur.These modules and methods are what make the Kannada Learning School so popular. Currently, batches for the four-week basic course commence each month and are held at the Seva Sadan Institute in Koramangala. Classes are held over two hours every Saturday and Sunday, and each batch has around 20 students with two tutors taking them through the paces. Classes are followed up by slides and assignments, which are usually emailed to students. The social media-savvy group also posts a word-of-the-day on its Facebook page every day, making the process of learning interactive, and fun.\"These processes were created and refined over two years,\" says Mayur, who asserts that while they don't claim to be able to teach 'perfect' Kannada within a month, they do make sure students can easily converse in the language in everyday scenarios.\"Also, we create a foundation on which you can build your knowledge if you have the interest.The more you use the language continuously, the more you'll learn,\" he says. The school also has advanced classes for those who want to read and write in Kannada and plans to grow by branching out to different areas. QUITE A HANDFULThe three young founders laugh out loud when you ask them about the amount of time they spend on this project and if they have any 'free time'. \"After work, you'll find us mailing assignments, correcting them and updating Facebook, etc. On weekends, we are busy teaching. There's no time to go shopping or to watch a film. But because of these classes, we have met so many interesting people, laughed with them and learnt with them. It's been a great stress-buster,\" says Mayur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233509", "title": "Naman approached to replace Jay Bhanushali", "text": "We have earlier reported about actor Jay Bhanushali's decision to quit Colors' 'Kairee - Rishta Khatta Meetha' in which he plays the male lead.Sources close to the actor said that he was not happy with the way his track was shaping up and how the show was pitched to him as a love story but it turned out to be another saas-bahu soap.The source also informed that without delaying it any further, the actor had informed his desire to quit the show after a month-and-a-half it hit the tube. The production house is now trying to find a suitable replacement for Jay to play the role of Anuj and we have been informed by reliable sources, that the 'replacement king' Naman Shaw has been approached to step into his shoes and with what our sources have to tell us, he is now the strongest contender among all.Incidentally, Naman has become famous as the replacement actor in the industry. He had earlier replaced Anuj Thakur, the original male lead of 'Beend Banoongaa Ghodhi Chadhunga' .Despite repeated attempts, Naman remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231534", "title": "Garbage piles up in localities", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It seems that the health department of Allahabad Municipal Corporation is least bothered about the health of the people and has not taken proper steps in maintaining hygiene in the localities.The reality is that piles of garbage have come up at many parts of the localities while the sanitary staff are least bothered to ensure cleanliness in their respective areas. Even the corporators have voiced their concern over the apathy of Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities.Complaining about the pathetic attitude of the AMC officers, Kusum Lata Gupta, corporator from Mohatsimganj said that the drains of her ward have been stinking for past many days, but the employees of the health department have not come to the rescue of her ward. She pessimistically says that even the though several festivals are lined up including Dusshera, Durga Puja, officers are yet to act.One of the residents of Rajroopur Mohan Dubey observes that heaps of garbage lying in his locality for the past several days, but the sanitary staff does not to our place for cleaning purpose. He lamented that most of the street lights of his are also not functioning properly.Shyam Tripathi, a resident of Himmatganj castigated the health department for failing to undertake the requisite measures to ensure cleaning in the city. He further said the whole cleaning system of the city has gone hay wire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16233468", "title": "Club for Jawans: Army's attempt to abolish the relics of British Raj", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a serious attempt to do away with much of its colonial trappings in the 1.5 million strong 'hierarchy conscious' Indian army, the western command has opened a recreational club for the junior commissioned officers (JCOs) and Jawans-a facility, which was confined to the officers' class till date.The state of art institute opened last week by chief of army staff, General Bikram Singh, is the first of its kind in the country in terms of standards, where Junior Commissioned officers/other ranks and their families would avail the facilities under one roof such as restaurant, gymnasium, library, cyber cafe conference hall and indoor games.Development is seen as an attempt to bridge the gap between the officers and others ranks at a time when Army's colonial-era institutions are generating a crisis within its ranks. Earlier in the first week of May this year, the Army had announced that it was considering doing away with the colonial-era practice of sahayak or batmen, where soldiers are assigned to serve as valets.Importantly, navy and air force had already such facilities for its JCOs/ORs rank but hierarchy-conscious army had not taken any initiative in this concerned and was yet to waken up from the 'colonial way' where white officers were being separated from the local soldier.The newly opened recreational club at Chandimandir cantonment for soldiers has been named as 'Jadunath Sainik Institute'. Naik Jadunath of army fought the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947, where Pak irregular had attacked Indian territories in Jammu &amp; Kashmir. He died in the battle and was later awarded with country's highest gallantry award--- the Param Vir Chakra (PVC). Sources confirmed TOI that army is going to set up more such institutes across the country for its lower rung troops.Till date, most of the cantonment and cities have institutes/clubs meant for officers only, where officers and their families are members for recreational activities.Terming the development as 'winds of change' in the army, the defence fraternity is of the view that rule and regulations should change as per change of social and economical changes in the society.Major General K S Bajwa, an officer of first batch of IMA, commissioned just before the India attained independence, said, \"Today's jawan is well educated, more inspirational, having better expectation of life and the move would give them a sense of belongingness\".While terming the move as farsighted with large implications on troops, Gen Bajwa said that it would help in curbing the incidents that has occurred recently creating conflicts within ranks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16231616", "title": "Environment study cautions about Mumbai's open spaces and water bodies", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Mumbai's open spaces, water bodies and coastal areas were either fast depleting and thus falling short for the human life. The situations demands for better and organised planning,\" suggested a study by The Environment Improvement Society (EIS) - formed by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority.It recently released a study report encompassing environmental features in the city of Mumbai during a seminar on 'Inventorisation of Environmental Features of Mumbai' organized by the Environment Improvement Society.The project was initiated with an objective of preparing a comprehensive database of environmental features so as to notify planning processes. The study was released at the hands of Rahul Asthana, President, MMR-EIS and Metropolitan Commissioner, MMRDA. Present on the occasion were D.M.Sukhtankar, State's former Chief Secretary and several other officials.The environmental features included in the study are Water Courses (Rivers and Natural Drains); Large Urban Greens such as Sanjay Gandhi National Park, Arey Area etc.; Coastline features (Rocky outcrops and beaches); Open Spaces (Playgrounds, recreational grounds and gardens which were reserved in the Development Plan of Mumbai, 1991) and Water Bodies (Lakes, Tanks etc.).\"The study has identified 24 water sources, 46 coastline features, 7 large urban greens, 103 water bodies and 3,246 open spaces and observed that the open spaces are only a 5-minute walk away for most Mumbaikars\", informed Asthana.The crucial study - one-of-its-kind in the country - identified and documented 3,493 environmental features in the city. The study has also brought to the fore a few basic issues of direct disposal of Industrial and other waste into the water courses besides garbage dumping, encroachment, construction debris, sludge and poor embankments which cause high soil erosion of water courses at several places in the city. The study has further indicated plastic littering, dumping of fishing equipment, oil spills, restricted accessibility to beaches and open defecation as the reasons, among various other, for declining coastlines. The study further points out the slums and encroachment for the lack of large urban greens.\"We hope the study will awaken the city planners of the woes our vibrant city is suffering through. The database created through this study will help them plan future projects and also guide the administrators of the city take appropriate steps in appropriate direction\", said Asthana.The 3-year study for water courses, large urban greens and coastline features was conducted by M/s. HCP-Design Project Management Pvt. Ltd., Ahmedabad, and by M/s. Adarkar Associates, Mumbai, for open spaces and water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234641", "title": "Brit model makes Sandalwood debut", "text": "When the makers of the upcoming film Badshah announced a press conference to talk about their film, it took many by surprise, because the film is slated to begin only in October.While the meet actually saw the filmmakers discuss very little about the film, given that casting itself was not complete, the surprise package was the announcement of Brit born NRI Samira making her filmi debut with Badshah.Samira follows in the footsteps of other foreign imports like Amy Jackson, Natalia Kaur, and Scarlett Wilson, among others by making an Indian film debut. Her role, however, is not that of the lead.The model-turned-actor will have an important role in the second half of the film. Interestingly, a portion of the film is slated to be shot in the UK.\"The story of Badshah is unique and has a universal appeal. And hence I accepted the film,\" said Samira, while happily obliging shutterbugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226932", "title": "Need cash? Visit nearest police station", "text": "JAIPUR: Next time when you urgently need some money, you can visit the nearest police station! This may sound a bit odd as people go to police station when they lose their money and not vice versa.However, various banks, both nationalized and private, have entered into an agreement with the police commissionerate here to install ATMs at police station premises in an effort to curb robberies and thefts.According to sources, the police department has given nod to install ATMs in at least 40 out of 55 police stations that comes under Jaipur police commissionerate. \"These machines would be set up within six months from now,\" said an officer.Majority of these police stations have ample space for parking. They include Sodala, Jhotwara, Gandhi Nagar, Bajaj Nagar, Sanganer, Shyam Nagar, Karni Vihar, Murlipura, Vishwakarma, Vidhyadhar Nagar and other stations.The move apparently came after a spurt in cases where burglars broke ATMs to steal money. In one such case in city, the robbers, after failing to break open the ATM, took away the machine in a vehicle.The idea is not only going to fetch an easy money of upto Rs 20,000 per month to each of the police stations installing the machine, but will also provide extra cover to the banks who are concerned over increasing cases of thefts and robbery.\"One ATM machine of Bank of Baroda has already been installed at Kotwali police station premises. It is not only fetching a rent of nearly Rs 20,000 per month to the police station to meet petty expenses, but the best part is that after its installation not even a single incident of attempt to smash or break the ATM was reported,\" said B L Soni, commissioner of police on Sunday.Bank of Baroda is the first bank to ink an agreement with police to install its ATM at Sadar and Kotwali police station. A few other private and national banks have also consented to install their ATMs, Soni said.He assured that within a span of six months at least 40 police stations here will have ATMs of various banks.Even the bank authorities said that the scheme is unique in many ways and would benefit banks and as well as the police.\"It is a feasible thing because mostly we not only pay a rent for the place to install the ATM, we have to pay nearly Rs 12,000 per month to post security guards round the clock. After ATMs are installed at police stations, it will definitely be the safest place,\" said OP Nagar, deputy general manager of Syndicate Bank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16230938", "title": "Foundation stone for UP's biggest dairy plant laid", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what may give a boost to the milk production industry in the state is a milk processing dairy plant having a capacity of 5 lakh liters per day. The plant coming up in Lucknow will be based on the latest technology in the sector.State dairy development minister Ram Murti Verma and protocol minister Abhishek Mishra would lay the foundation stone for the dairy in chak ganjaria farm on Sultanpur Road today. \"This will help towards socio economic growth of milk producers besides providing consumers good quality milk and milk products,\" said a government statement.It is claimed that the dairy plant is going to be biggest in UP. \"State owned pradeshik cooperatives dairy federation (PCDF) that runs the milk cooperatives across the state does not have such a big unit anywhere,\" an officer at PCDF told TOI.Officials informed that the dairy plant would have a capacity of processing two lakh liters of milk per day. It will be able to convert three lakh liters of milk into 30 metric tones of milk powder. It will also be able to produce 10 metric tones of ghee, five metric tones of butter, 25 metric tones of curd and 10 metric tones of ice cream. All the products will be packahed in tetra packing.Experts in the industry believe that there is immense potential in UP's dairy sector. \"There can easily aspire to become a Gujarat one day. After all it is India's larest milk producer. Also, of the total persons engaged in the milk production, less than two percent are associated with cooperatives,\" said an officer in PCDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228382", "title": "Telangana leaders plan 'capital' move", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a long lull, the pro-Telangana movement got a new start when key players batting for separate statehood decided to shift gears and take the action right to Delhi.State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Kishan Reddy would be the first leader taking fresh guard as he is all set to launch a three-day deeksha at Jantar Mantar on Monday. While other BJP leaders, too, are planning to pitch their tents in Delhi as they take up the Telangana demand, Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) chief K Chandrashekar Rao is leaving for the national capital on September 5 following an 'invitation' from top Congress leaders.Not to be left behind in the T-race, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) is gearing up to write a fresh letter to the Centre making its stand clear on the bifurcation issue. Party chief Chandrababu Naidu met Telangana Joint Action Committee stakeholders on Sunday in what looks like a preliminary to sending a 'favourable' letter to the Centre on the Telangana issue.Telangana activists have urged him to make earnest efforts to dispel the general belief that he was 'anti-Telangana' and Naidu is understood to have responded positively to the call.The TRS postponed its plenary, scheduled between August 24 and 26, owing to the positive signals from Delhi and KCR is set to camp in the national capital for a week to hold talks with senior Congress leaders. According pro-Telangana Congress leaders, KCR's Delhi sojourn would be mainly centred around the Telangana issue.\"He would be meeting senior Congress leaders to prepare a roadmap for a favourable announcement on the Telangana issue before AICC president Sonia Gandhi returns from Australia,\" sources said.A senior Congress leader attached a great deal of importance to KCR's Delhi trip given that he is expected to meet Congress leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad and Vayalar Ravi . However, TRS sought to play the visit down by saying that KCR was going to Delhi to attend the current Parliament session.\"KCR is going to Delhi to attend the Parliament session. We have not heard anything from Congress leaders,\" said B Vinod Kumar, a party politburo member who would be accompanying the TRS chief to Delhi. Sources said KCR would not only hold talks with Congress leaders but also with other UPA constituents supporting the separate Telangana state demand. \"He is expecting a positive statement by the Congress leadership on September 10,\" sources said.Kishan Reddy told reporters that, accompanied by several of his supporters, he would sit on a three-day fast at Jantar Mantar as part of the party's Telangana Poru. M Kodandaram, chairman of the Telangana JAC, would take part in the deeksha on Monday. Senior BJP leaders LK Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley are expected to address the gathering of pro-Telangana activists.In the meantime, Rajya Sabha member and senior Congress leader Palvai Goverdhan Reddy has said that the Centre would announce the formation of a separate Telangana state within a month, insisting that the Congress party would stand by its word on the Telangana issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226761", "title": "Rajasthan Anti-Terrorism Squad team to leave for Bangalore", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) team will be sent to Bangalore to interrogate 11 men, including an employee of Defence Research &amp; Development Organisation (DRDO) division and a journalist, arrested by Karnataka police for alleged links with global terror outfits. ADG ATS Alok Tripathi said that a team will be rushed to Bangalore in a couple of days.\"We would interrogate the 11 men to gather intelligence. However, their role in any terror activity in Rajasthan is yet to be ascertained,\" said ADG ATS Alok Tripathi. The officer said that interrogation would help them understand a new kind of network of LeT emerging across the country. Those arrested in Bangalore are Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui, 26; Shoaib Ahmed Mirza alias Chhotu, 25; Abdullah alias Abdul Hakim Jamadar, 25; Ejaz Mohammed Mirza, 25; Mohammed Yusuf Nalbandh, 28; and Riyaz Ahmed Byahatti, 28.It is alleged that these people made calls via internet to contact kingpins to kill high-profile individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16233798", "title": "Bringing heavenly bodies close to humans", "text": "MANGALORE: \"When beggars die there are no comets seen; the heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes,\" said William Shakespeare in Julius Caesar. However, a city professor who is keen on astronomy says that comets are no signs of evil.H Jayantha, associate professor in chemistry at St Agnes College, dedicates his time and energy to popularize astronomy among masses. He has conducted hundreds of workshops and seminars on the heavenly bodies with glowing mist surrounding them which humans looked at with awe and suspicious, and other celestial phenomena like eclipses and Mercury transits in his 36-year career as a teacher. His objective was to eliminate superstitions and fear related to such cosmic occurrences. It is a testimony to his zest towards astronomy that he never missed a single solar eclipse since 1995. With his prized possession- a Newtonian Reflector 5.5 inch diameter x 250 magnification telescope - Jayantha arranged public-view programmes of solar eclipse every year. Attendance for such programmes was negligible in the beginning. However, as time passed by it became a festival of sorts for lovers of astronomy. Jayantha gives detail sessions on the scientific aspects of natural phenomena like solar and lunar eclipses during such events and also lends a patient ear to curious students attending them.He arranged public view programmes when Comet Hyakutake and Comet Machholz passed the earth in March 1996 and January 2004 respectively. Such events were also organized during Mercury transits on November 13, 1986 and November 6, 1993.Claiming that he has managed to eliminate several superstitions related to comet, he said, \"Earlier people were afraid of solar eclipses and comets. They believed that eclipses happen when evil powers try to destroy the Sun god. Hence, many superstitious practices were existed, but now we have sufficient information to eradicate such beliefs.\"In addition to Newtonian Reflector, which was purchased from Chennai in 1985, Jayantha also has two refractors in his possession. The Amateur Astronomers Association of Jayantha has several members, who meet periodically to update themselves on astronomy and other related streams of science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233614", "title": "Bangkok couple bring global sparkle", "text": "Ludhianvis are famous for their suave taste, passion for taking trips abroad and cosmopolitan outlook. So it's no surprise that a Bangkok-based entrepreneur couple, who claim to have clientele across the world, have travelled hundreds of miles to showcase their international jewellery designs in the city. Bobby, 56, and his wife, 50-year-old Kamoalthip, are participating in a three-day exhibition organized at a hotel on Ferozepur Road. The couple say there is a huge untapped market in Ludhiana for unconventional jewellery.While talking to TOI, Bobby shares, 'I have noticed that women in Ludhiana wear only gold , that too conventional designs. They don't flaunt too many international-styled jewellery. Local market has a lot of potential, but clearly they lack knowledge of gemstones and out-of-the-box designs.' Bobby is quick to add that Ludhiana market is growing day by day and going by its superior choice in clothes and cars, he is sure of getting a good response from the city.This is Bobby and Kamoalthip's first visit to the city. Previously, they had visited Chandigarh to showcase their collection. Kamoalthip chips in, 'Unlike in other cities of Punjab, people here are more open-minded and well-travelled. I have heard that they love travelling to America and Europe for holidays so I'm hoping that they have seen these designs in those places.'She adds: 'Our products are on the lines of jewellery worn at Oscars and Grammies. Considering the upscale society here, I am sure residents are going to love flaunting these.' Convinced and geared to tap the local market here, Bobby says, 'Ludhiana has looked up to metropolitan trends and is coming up as a renowned fashion hub not only in the state, but also North India. We realize that there is huge potential in this city and we would love to market our products here.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231583", "title": "Jay Sean reaches number 1 on \r Billboard hot charts", "text": "Cash Money Records co-CEOs and founders Bryan Birdman Williams and Ronald Slim Williams are proud to announce that the first Cash Money Records and YMCMB artist to reach number 1 on the Billboard hot 100 charts, Jay Sean takes the hot spot again!Jay's current collaboration with Latin artists Chino Y Nacho, 'Bebe Bonita' rose over 20 spots in less than 7 days to take pole position on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs Chart. With this latest hit, Jay Sean has become the first British male artist to reach the top spot on the Latin Billboard Charts as well as the first Asian artist to achieve the same honour. In 2009 Jay Sean's single 'Down', hit the number 1 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 chart making him the first YMCMB artist to do so.\"Jay Sean continues to expand his global fan base. We are very proud of his ability to cross many musical boundaries and his continued efforts in and outside of the studio,\" says Bryan Birdman Williams.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231899", "title": "Samsung Galaxy Note II priced at Rs 38,500", "text": "Online retailer Infibeam has listed the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note II at a price of Rs 38,500. The price of the device can be seen at the showcase page for Samsung devices, but is not mentioned on the page of the device itself.Notably, Infibeam's web page for Samsung Galaxy Note II says that the device is 'coming soon' but is not taking pre-orders. Interested buyers have the option to register themselves and the company will inform them once the device is available.Samsung Galaxy Note II is the second generation phablet (phone+tablet) from the stables of the South Korean manufacturer. The device sports a 5.5-inch touchscreen and runs on Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean). It is powered by a quad-core processor clocked at 1.6GHz, has 2GB RAM and 16GB or 32 GB storage with support for microSD card. Other features of the device include an 8MP rear camera, a 1.9MP front camera and a 3,100mAh battery.Unveiled at the IFA 2012 in Berlin , Germany, the device takes over from the original Note, which was a big hit for Samsung.Specs of Samsung Galaxy Note II:Display: 5.5-inch SuperAMOLED touchscreen; Operating system: Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean); Processor: Quad-core 1.6GHz; RAM: 2GB; Memory: 16,32GB, with up to 64GB microSD card support; Camera: 8MP rear camera with LED flash, 1.9MP front camera; and Battery: 3,100mAh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16230708", "title": "Ashton Kutcher buys Taj Mahal for Rs 80", "text": "While shooting the biopic on Steve Jobs in India, he bought a miniature of Shahjahan's architectural masterpiece. Perhaps for girlfriend Mila Kunis?That Ashton Kutcher is in India to shoot his next film - a biopic on the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, hit the headlines last week. However, due to high security and unrevealed travel plans of the Hollywood actor, few caught a glimpse of him.Till of course, Ashton himself tweeted about his rendezvous in the national capital. In fact, when inquired, the crew of the Joshua Michael Stern directed venture (which is the same as Mira Nair's The Reluctant Fundamentalist ), said that they were shooting a documentary for Discovery channel. They kept his travel plans under wraps and sought out permissions to shoot only after reaching the destination.But it wasn't all work for the 34-year-old actor. Having shot in the bylanes of Delhi around Jama Masjid (a photo of which was uploaded on a page dedicated to the city on Facebook), Ashton took time out to meet a few girls from an NGO. \"Met some powerful girls today in Delhi at Apne Aap: A grassroots movement to end sex trafficking,\" Kutcher tweeted on Friday along with a picture of him with the ladies.He reached Agra on 29th night around 10.30 pm. After checking in at the Oberoi hotel, he planned his Taj visit that was to take place the next morning at 6 am. But when he woke up, it was raining.Insisting that he would love to see one of the seven wonders of the world through a rainy haze, Ashton along with his father and two friends reached the spot. They were accompanied by famous guide Mohd. Arif Khan, who had also shown Rolling Stones' Mick Jagger around the city on his India visit.The trip that would have taken them half an hour took over two and half hours. Courtesy - the actor's incessant questions about Shahjahan and Mumtaz's love story. They returned to the hotel at around 10 am. After that, they left to see the marble work in Kalakruti, followed by a visit to the Agra Fort at 11 am.Interestingly, despite a cap pulled over his face, a few foreign tourists recognised Ashton at the fort. They insisted he click pictures with them. After a short visit to the downtown market area, Ashton and friends headed to the Mankameshwar temple, where he bought 40 bead necklaces. He even bought a small Taj worth Rs 80 perhaps for girlfriend Mila Kunis who couldn't accompany him. They checked out from the hotel at around 5.30 pm. He boarded a flight from Delhi that very night.Perhaps to refuel his charter aircraft, the actor landed at the Mumbai international airport in the dead of night. He spent some time roaming around in the premises till his plane was ready to fly off to Los Angeles .\u2014 Inputs from Sachin Haralkar and Prachi Kadam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16234034", "title": "Bruce Willis may sue Apple over iTunes downloads", "text": "LONDON: Bruce Willis , who is more usually seen escaping from explosions and battling terrorists to save the world, has now taken to the considerably quieter world of the courtroom in his latest battle.The 57-year-old actor is said to be considering legal action against Apple over his desire to leave his digital music collection to his daughters.If he succeeds, he could benefit not just himself and his family but the millions who have purchased songs from Apple's iTunes Store.Willis has discovered that, like anyone who has bought music online, he does not actually own the tracks but is instead 'borrowing' them under a licence.Most purchasers do not bother to read the details of the terms and conditions they agree to when buying an album but the small print makes it clear that music bought through iTunes should not be passed on to others by the person originally downloading it.Since Willis has apparently spent thousands of dollars downloading music on to 'many, many iPods', he is keen to be able to hand it on legitimately to daughters Rumer, Scout and Tallaluh.While one approach is that he is reportedly considering is to ask his legal team to establish family trusts as the 'holders' of his downloaded music, another option is to support ongoing legal action in five US states to give downloaders more rights to do what they want with their music.However, the legal actions face immense difficulties thanks to the enormous powers Apple established for itself at the start of the digital music age.The technology giant can freeze the iTunes accounts of those it believes are passing on music to others and forbids the transfer of songs to MP3 players other than its own iPods.Similar problems apply to the digital books millions download to electronic reading devices such as Amazon's Kindle.\"Lots of people will be surprised on learning all those tracks and books they have bought over the years don't actually belong to them. It's only natural you would want to pass them on to a loved one,\" the Daily Mail quoted Solicitor Chris Walton as saying.\"The law will catch up, but ideally Apple and the like will update their policies and work out the best solution for their customers,\" Walton added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227656", "title": "5,500 teachers\u2019 posts vacant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 5,500 posts of teachers are lying vacant in around 1,750 schools run by the three newly-created municipal bodies in the city.According to the official data, 5,568 posts were lying vacant in the three civic bodies with North Delhi Municipal Corporation topping the list with 1,971 vacancies.The East Delhi corporation closely follows with 1,958 vacancies while there are 1,639 vacancies in the South corporation.The corporations were trifurcated this year and came into being in April.According to the figures, the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi had filled 3,848 posts between 2009-10 and 2011-12. Still, officials said, there were 5,568 vacancies. Officials said steps have been taken to fill the vacant posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228720", "title": "20-year-old falls in Gomti in BKT area", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 20-year-old youngster was feared drown when he fell from a bridge in river Gomti while he along with six friends had gone there on an outing in Bakshi ka Talab police station area on Sunday afternoon.The deceased youth was identified as Rahul Maurya, a resident of Takrohi in Indiranagar police station area. Rahul was assisting his father at their garment shop in Takrohi.The police said that Rahul along with his friends Deepak and Atul , who are pursuing B Tech from BBD Engineering College, Manoj Kumar , who is pursuing his engineering from a institute in Bakshi ka Talab, Ashish Kumar, who is pursuing engineering studies from Sagar Institute in Barabanki and Avinash Pandey and Ajit Kumar Singh, who are trainees in Merchant Navy had gone for outing towards Bakshi ka Talab on a four-wheeler (UP 32-BY-9249).They stopped at Manji bridge on river Gomti situated between Bakshi ka Talab and Maal areas. While all friends were having fun, Rahul's hand slipped from the railing, which was short in height. Unable to control, Rahul fell into the river. The incident, the police said took place at around 3.30 p.m.Panic-stricken friends of Rahul couldn't do much and informed the police, which rushed to the spot and pressed divers into service.The police said that Rahul's whereabouts could not be known till the filing of the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16233977", "title": "Industrialists write to CM about ailing industry", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city industrialists have written a letter to the chief minister (CM) demanding his intervention in safeguarding the interests of the industry, as it has been reeling under various problems, including the latest cancellation of registration number of 1,482 firms in Ludhiana by district excise and taxation department. President of Federation of Punjab Small Industries Associations Badish Jindal has written to the CM protesting the cancellation of 1,482 dealers in three zones of Ludhiana district by the Ludhiana excise and taxation department.Most of these companies have either closed down while a few are bogus.Through his letter, Jindal has tried to get the CM''s attention on the poor economic status of industry in the state. Jindal apprised the CM through his letter that the VAT department has issued online scrutiny notices to 20,904 assesses for their assessment of 2008-09. The CM has been apprised that the government commits to self assessment and online filing under VAT and the department can easily verify the sale and purchase of all registered firms. ''Calling the assesses for ''scrutiny'' is just another way of spreading corruption,'' says Jindal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "16227980", "title": "Freedom fighters deprived of Bihar government pension", "text": "NAWADA: Freedom fighters of the state continue to be deprived of their monthly pension by the Bihar government for the past five months due to a wrong unit code sent online by the state government treasury to the respective district treasury.According to Nawada Civil SDO Dewan Zaffar Hussain Khan, principal secretary (home) released Rs 93,600,00 for the financial year 2012-13 payable to 27 freedom fighters in Nawada and Rajauli sub-divisions.However, the amount was electronically transferred to Nawada treasury under the old unit code 4201. But the Nawada assistant treasury officer (ATO) Shankar Sharma informed TOI that the amount should have been transferred under the new unit code 0401, which was created to check the AC/DC scam.Amir Subhani, principal secretary (home), when contacted, said he would get the error corrected immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228368", "title": "New dates for APPSC mains", "text": "HYDERABAD: Group I mains examinations scheduled to start from Monday were rescheduled to be held from September 16 to 26. The decision to defer the dates was taken on Sunday as the commission revised the rank list of Group I preliminary examinations following objections from several quarters. Candidates who wrote the prelims had earlier pointed out that several mistakes had crept into the answer key released by the commission on August 31.The commission held a meeting on Sunday to consider objections raised about the answer key. A revised final key was released and an additional list of 1,201 candidates was released as having qualified the examination. The list of these candidates is available on the APPSC website, a press release from the commission said. The new candidates can download their hall tickets starting September 5 from the commission's website.As per the new schedule, Group I mains, English paper examination will be held on September 16 in which papers I to V will be held on September 16, 18, 20, 22, 24 and 26 respectively. The commission claimed that the mistakes in the key was not intentional and was the result of some miscalculations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226990", "title": "Activists make beeline for B-schools", "text": "MUMBAI: Call them the latest students in town. Working professionals from the development sector\u2014grassroots social workers and employees of NGOs\u2014are making their way back to classrooms to pick up management skills and financial know-how to run their organizations better.Till now, executive MBAs were the mainstay of corporate houses that invested heftily in honing their employees' skills.But the organization-sponsored route to study while working is gaining popularity in the social sector. The sharpening of skills is gaining importance as funding has been drying up in the light of the global economic crises making it all the more imperative for these organizations to optimize their resources. A social worker from Rajasthan got oriented to the nuances of equity sharing and risk management tailored to NGOs thanks to a social impact programme run by Dasra, a philanthropic foundation in Santa Cruz. Twenty-four students constituting the first batch pursuing an executive postgraduate diploma in development management at S P Jain Institute of Management and Research are being trained on how to professionally brand their NGOs or effectively raise funds.\"We noticed a big gap in the development sector with regard to management skills of mid-level professionals,\" said professor Rukaiya Joshi, chairperson of SP Jain's Centre of Education for the Social Sector, which introduced the executive MBA-like course in November 2011.She points out that NGOs till now depended on sporadic training which had miniscule impact. The course requiring student-workers to sign up for 18 months with classroom sessions restricted to one week every two months, Joshi believes brings a sense of academic rigueur. The Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) along with the US government's Fulbright Fund intends to rope in 250 employees across 125 environmental NGOs (eNGOs) for a year-long management programme.\"In India, there are around 2,342 eNGOs most of which are good in their core activities. However, many struggle to attract donors and grapple with sustainability issues,\" said Atul Sathe, BNHS's manager (communications). \"NGOs can't afford to hire management professionals, which makes such courses imperative. The training will equip mid-level professionals in drafting grant proposals and marketing management,\" he added.Safeena Hussain, executive director of NGO Educate Girls, who underwent Dasra's seven-month-long executive training, said, \"It was a great way of developing a peer network.\"Over time, she built such a good rapport with her mentor, a senior head of private equity, that he was co-opted onto their board. Kusum Mohapatra, state head of NGO Magic Bus who belonged to Dasra's 2011-12 cohort said it helped her build a model for her organization", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16228830", "title": "Collector to prepare Rengepar rehabilitation plan", "text": "BHANDARA: State rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam has directed Bhandara collector to prepare a comprehensive plan for rehabilitation of 11 families from Rengepar village and send it to his ministry. The decision was taken at a meeting held in Mantralaya on August 28.The district administration, in concurrence with district guardian minister Ranjit Kamble, had convened the meeting. Patangrao Kadam, who chaired the meeting, gave hearing to officials concerned, MLAs and villagers. He then ordered the collector to prepare the rehabilitation plan. It will be sent to the ministry of rehabilitation, which will present it to the state government for approval and allocation of funds.The meeting also discussed the issue over auction of sand from Vainganga river, which is deposited on the bank falling in Gondia district. It was decide that collectors from both districts will complete the modalities for auction. Further decision will be taken after observing the impact of sand lifting for six months.BJP MLA Nana Patole raised issue of problems being faced by villagers living on the bank of the river in his constituency. The minister said a special meeting will be convened to find solution to the problem.In last fortnight, Rengepar has become a major issue of the district as MLA Patole and villagers tried to jump in the river to protest against the negligent approach of state government and said issue has become political , as Congress MLA Anil Bawankar and BJP MLA Nana patole issued press note making allegation against each other .But now it is over both have agreed to decisions taken in the meeting .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16228813", "title": "STPF personnel begin six-month long training", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF) deployed at Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve has started its six month long training at Rangers College here. The training is based on the syllabus for skill development to combat poaching and enable intelligence-based enforcement in a forest terrain.The force will also go through paramilitary training at Police Training Academy during in later half of their training schedule. STPF deployed at Pench Tiger Reserve too are undergoing training along with their TATR counterparts here.TATR has been awarded 112-member STPF including 90 guards, 18 foresters, three RFOs and an ACF. But only 61 guards and two RFOs have been posted in this STPF. Of these, TATR management absorbed five guards aged over 30 years as regular guards in the department, while remaining 56 guards and two RFOs were sent on the training that started from Saturday.Filed director and CCF, TATR, Virendra Tiwari claimed that STPF have strict regulation of age limit up to 40 years. \"The five STPF guards denied of training were close to their retirement age from STPF. Remaining jawans will undergo rigorous training as per guidelines of NTCA,\" he said.Tiwari informed that the STPF will also undergo rigorous training on handling of firearms and combat tactics at some police training academy later. \"We have got NTCA guidelines for 13 weeks long paramilitary training of the STPF. We have written to higher officials in police department and sought training slot for the STPF between December and February,\" he told.He held that after completion of the training, the STPF will be used as strike force wherever it will be required in the state. \"STPF will stay posted at TATR, but entire force or part of it could be sent to other forest areas on demand to deal with emergency situations,\" he said.STPF was deployed at TATR around two months back and it has earlier received preliminary training of 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16229081", "title": "Five tips to avoid wasting money", "text": "Are you finding it impossible to save every month? While it's easy to pin the blame on high inflation, perhaps it's your spending behaviour that is responsible for the higher outflow. Go through these common reasons for money wastage and the ways you can plug them, says Milan Sharma1. Don't roll over your credit card balanceDebt qualifies as one of the biggest money wasters. While good debt, such as a home loan, can help you build an asset, a bad debt like rolling over credit card balance can deplete your savings. In fact, it's one of the worst types of debt because of the high interest rate (typically 12-42 % per annum) that credit card companies charge. So, if you have a 15,000 balance on a card that charges 3% interest every month, you will have to pay 450 a month. Over the year, it will add to a sizeable 6,386 (if the interest is compounded), which translates to an effective interest of 42.58% per annum. So, pay your bill in full every month. However, credit cards can also be beneficial if you always pay your bills on time and in full, since you can build a good credit history. Besides, most cards come with enticing offers, such as cash back and reward points. Take ICICI Bank's Platinum credit card, which offers three points for every 100 spent. On collecting 2,000 points, you get a gift voucher of 500 of a popular retail store.2. Keep vices at bayAn addiction can become a money-sucking black hole. If you smoke five cigarettes a day, more than 10,000 of your wealth goes up in smoke every year. The gutka users, who consume five pouches a day, are chewing up almost 7,000 in a year. These vices don't just affect your health and eat into your annual expenses, but also result in a higher premium when it comes to buying health or life insurance. For instance, a 30-year-old nonsmoker will pay nearly 4,100 a year for an online insurance cover of 50 lakh for 30 years, but if he smokes, the premium will jump 40% to 5,800. To find out how indulging in vices can leave you poorer in the long run, read our story 'Can you afford to see 52 lakh go up in smoke?' (March 5-11 , 2012).3. Don't keep gadgets on standbyOf the total electricity consumed in an Indian house every year, nearly 5% is used by gadgets on standby mode, according to the data released by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency in its report, Standby Basket of Products, in 2010. The electronic items that display a clock or those that operate through a remote, such as DVD players and air conditioners, are typical culprits. For instance, an air conditioner consumes 40 watts an hour on a standby mode. This means that you are adding about 75 to your monthly electricity bill for no reason. The obvious way to lower your electricity bill is to pull the plug on these gadgets, literally . If you are too lazy to turn off each power point individually, get a power strip where you can plug in all your gadgets. Switching off the smart strip will cut the power supply to all gadgets.4. Save on banking transactionsIn the past few months, banks have revised fees for various services that were free till now. So, if you don't keep track of these revisions, you are likely to see your money trickle out as penalty. For instance, several banks have made the maintenance of minimum balance in a savings account mandatory for each month instead of a quarter, and the penalty for non-compliance has also been raised. Similarly, the 12 free branch transactions in a quarter have been reduced to four in a month, again with a rise in penalty. Phone and Net banking are a good way to avoid some transaction fees.5. Ask for discountsBargaining is your birthright, so never be embarrassed to ask for a discount. Usually, you can have the price lowered by 5-10 %. Check online stores and visit a few brick-and mortar shops to check the variation in prices. You should also ask for coupons at various eateries, mostly fast food joints, and supermarkets if you've spent a sizeable amount while shopping. These coupons can help you save money the next time you shop. While dining out or booking a movie, check which credit/debit card offers a good deal. For instance, if you book a movie on Bookmyshow.com using a Visa card, you could currently get 25% off on the price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228838", "title": "Except Nagpur, storage in region's dams a worry", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Vidarbha as a whole has recorded heavy rainfall in August, it has been very uneven. This is going to cause major water problem in some areas of the region till rains arrive next year. Five out of 25 major dams of Vidarbha are already full but storage at two reservoirs in Buldhana is nil. With monsoon expected to stay on for one more month only, things look ominous for the district.Till July end, things were looking bad for entire Vidarbha. The average storage of 16 major reservoirs of Nagpur division was just above 30%. Now it has gone up to 80%. The nine big dams of Amravati division too had around 30% storage, which has now increased to over 60%. The corresponding figures for 40 medium dams of Nagpur division are 25% and 71% respectively. The corresponding figures for Amravati division are 50% and 68%.Buldhana and Washim districts have received low rainfall this year. In Buldhana, the rainfall pattern is uneven. The district has four major dams. Wan dam is 95% full, Nalganga reservoir has only 13% storage and Pentakli and Khadakpurna dams, having storage capacity of 60 and 115 million cubic metre (MM3), are completely dry.The Totladoh dam, which is the major source of water for the city, is 90% full. Its downstream reservoir Nawegaon Khairi has 80% storage. Nand and Wadgaon dams have 83% and 85% storage respectively. Even the Khindsi dam, whose storage rarely goes above 15% due to faulty design, has 29% storage.The adjoining Wardha district also shows an erratic pattern. The Pothra dam is 100% full but Bor and Dham projects only have 33% storage. The Phase I Lower Dam, which is still under construction, has 56% water so far. The case of Yavatmal district is similar. Two big dams - Pus and Arunavati - have good storage but Bembla project is only 38% full.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227948", "title": "They are young, educated, tech savvy", "text": "BANGALORE: ADRDO engineer, doctor, journalist, MBA... The profile of many of the terror suspects arrested in Hubli and Bangalore has reinforced the growing and alarming trend of young, educated and tech savvy being sucked into the terror vortex.The trend of educated professionals in the terror network began to surface in the state in 2006. It began with the arrest of Muzammil Sheikh, a software engineer with an MNC in Bangalore, in connection with the 2006 train bombings in Mumbai. This first heralded the changing face of terror and the magnitude of their planning and involvement, which ranged from train bombings to terror attack on a foreign soil.Next came the Ahmed brothers from Bangalore - Dr Sabeel Ahmed, an MBBS doctor, and Kafeel Ahmed, a PhD scholar in aeronautical engineering - who were arrested in connection with the terror plot and the attack on the Glasgow Airport in the United Kingdom in June-July 2007.A few months later, in January 2008, the Karnataka police stumbled upon a network of SIMI and LeT activists at Honnali in Davangere district and Hubli. Of the more than a dozen persons arrested, there were students of medicine, doctors and engineers, besides an LeT operative.The terror modules busted in the state include the LeT, SIMI, Al- Badr, Deendar-Anjuman and HuJI.The investigators have also found some links to the al-Qaida in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16226610", "title": "Lokshahi Din to address citizens' woes", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will conduct the 'Lokshahi Din' at the offices of the four joint municipal commissioners on Monday. The day provides for a forum where citizens can put forward their grievances about civic services to the respective authorities.The PMC has urged citizens to submit their written complaints to the joint municipal commissioner of their respective areas.\"Citizens should visit the zonal offices with their complaints from 10 am to noon on Monday. Complaints about various issues pertaining to the functioning of the PMC can be put across. The civic staff will have to abide by the action recommended by the joint municipal commissioner on the complaints. If citizens are not satisfied, they can submit their complaints during the next 'Lokshahi Din' that will be conducted by the municipal commissioner in the main building,\" said PMC officials.Citizens residing in zone 1 can attend the 'Lokshahi Din' at the Ghole Road office, while those from zone 2 can go to the ward office on Dhole-Patil Road. The residents of zone 3 and zone 4 can go to the joint municipal commissioners at the Tilak Road ward office.'Lokshahi Din' programmes are events where citizens are allowed to interact directly with administrative heads of state or local self-governments and lodge complaints about civic problems.Organised on the first Monday of every month, the 'Lokshahi Din' programme held at the Mantralaya (state secretariat) in Mumbai is attended by the chief minister, while the ones at the district and municipal corporation levels are attended by district collectors and municipal commissioners or by senior officers.The PMC has over 20 departments, which directly deal with public issues. Most of the complaints received during the outreach programme are related to the building department and encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16227908", "title": "Sewa to give wings to rural women", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon Shital Parmar, a 15-year-old girl from Soldi village in Surendranagar, will no longer have to miss school during those days of the month just because she is poor and cannot afford access to hygienic sanitation material. Period.Prompted by the widespread suffering of women and girls in rural areas who continue to be plagued by unhygienic old cloth pieces or rags during periods, Self Employed Women's Association (Sewa) on Saturday began production of the first-ever low cost sanitary pads in Ahmedabad.The manufacturing unit has been set up at Saraspur for Rs 15 lakh. The current production capacity is 2,000 pads per day. Interestingly, these pads will be made from waste which is generated from the organization's textile and garment manufacturing unit.Non-woven fabric bought from the market will also be used. These will be priced at an economical 80 paise to Re 1 per pad. In the market, a range of sanitary pads available cost anywhere between Rs 3 and Rs 5 per pad.\"Price of pads has been kept very low as it is critical to affordability and usage for poor girls and women. Surveys revealed that price of Re 1 and below will be affordable,\" said Reema Nanavati, director of rural and economic development at Sewa.Nanavati said the pads will be first sold through the Sewa network, which consists of 10 million members.Coordinator of rural development Veena Sharma said a nine-district survey carried out in Gujarat had revealed that 90% women and girls use cloth during periods due to unaffordable sanitary pads.About 56% girls miss school during their menstrual cycle because they use cloth and fear messing up.Also 88% women miss work due to lack of proper hygiene facilities at work place. Women workers, especially those working in vegetable and flower farms, are also paid only 50% wages when they are having their periods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227597", "title": "Bengal govt plans balloon rides at Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: Do you still miss the toy train ride at Rabindra Sarovar? You might soon get a chance to relive those fun-filled moments and even enjoy a hot-air balloon ride at the lake if the government's plans work out. With the Centre approving Rs 85 crore under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the plans also include a spruced up auditorium and a state-of-the-art stadium for the lake.The first task at hand will be the renovation of the 500-seater auditorium at Rabindra Sarovar Stadium. The stadium will be upgraded to take it on a par with the Salt Lake stadium or Eden Gardens so that even international sporting events can be held there. The Nazrul Manch, which is now open-air, will be turned into an air-conditioned facility. An intensive plantation programme will be undertaken, the railings will be given a facelift and the island will be refurbished.But the most interesting thing to be introduced will be hot-air ballooning. \"The city's first regular hot-air-balloon ride will be operated from 7 am to 7 pm. One can catch a bird's eye view of the city from a height of 400 feet,\" said an excited urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim, who has been closely monitoring the project. The state government is trying to make the hot-air balloon ride as affordable as Rs 100.There will be scientific lighting in and around the lake so that birds don't get disturbed due to the illumination. A sizeable force of security personnel will be employed so that the park can be visited by citizens even after dark. A lot of parks in Europe are accessible 24x7.Rabindra Sarovar, which can be called both the heart and lungs of south Kolkata, had lost a lot of its former glory with the passage of time. Its water was polluted, its compound encroached upon and the area would become a haven for criminals after dark. The toy train, which was introduced in 1985 and became its biggest draw, was stopped in 1989. The rusty and worn-out rails still remind Kolkatans of the ride.A lot changed, however, five years ago, when the lake and its surrounding compound spread across 192 acres was brought under the National Lake Conservation Project (NLCP). Even the squatters settled along the boundary of the lake and the railway tracks were evicted.Today, the lake is again the morning walkers' paradise and its surrounding areas are the most popular recreational areas in Kolkata. Some of the trees on the compound are more than 100 years old. In winter, one can spot migratory birds around the lake, though the numbers are dwindling because of the rise in pollution. The lake itself is home to many varieties of fish though fishing is strictly prohibited, said environmentalist Sudipta Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16229011", "title": "Device to rescue, paralyzed people can walk again", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed an electronic implant that can help paralyzed people walk again. A British surgical team carried out the treatment on four patients, allowing them to walk once more, the Daily Express reported . The device, made by a German firm is designed for victims of stroke or brain damage whose nervous systems have been impaired.A patient fitted with the device in July had recovered sufficiently to take part in the Torch relay through London earlier this week.The woman, in her 20s, had suffered a brain injury in a road accident and could not walk. \"It is amazing to see patients who had a useless withered limb walking again almost normally,\" Orthopaedic consultant Dr Michael Jauch, leading the programme , said. 'ActiGait' is only available privately at one clinic at present but the hope is that it will eventually become accessible to National Health Service patients.Stroke patients and other brain damage victims are often unable to walk because nerve signals no longer reach their legs. By implanting an electronic stimulator into the upper thigh, signals are sent by a buried wire to muscles in the calf and foot.A tiny computer on the waist sends radio signals via an external antenna to the stimulator. It then fires an electrical current to the calf muscles where an electrode is fitted. The circuit is completed by a small switch worn in the user's shoe, which makes sure the foot does not hit the ground too hard. It also lets the stimulator know when to deliver another shock to the calf muscles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16229557", "title": "'Current education system needs a transformation'", "text": "Teacher's Day is an ideal occasion to explore how our educators can be equipped so that they in turn can equip India's young population, writes Ranbir Singh , director, Public Sector, Microsoft India.There was a time when a notebook and pencil were sufficient tools for study in a classroom. In today's world, students need much more to prepare themselves for the job market. The thing that has not changed is the impact a teacher can have on the life and learning of a student.Teacher's Day is an ideal occasion to examine how our educators can be equipped so that they in turn can arm India's young population. The 2011 report of the Planning Commission shows that India's literacy rate has jumped from 65.38% to 74.04% in a decade. ICT literacy levels, however, have not kept pace, and this is a gap that needs to be addressed.In order to do that, the 11th Five-Year Plan (2007 to 2012) allocates Rs 5,000 crore for providing ICT infrastructure in schools. Under this programme, each school will be provided with ICT infrastructure as well as dedicated programmes for ICT content creation and teacher-training on the computers.This is a fairly mammoth task and one that cannot be accomplished by any one entity alone. A Public Private Partnership (PPP) model is one viable means of improving ICT literacy, especially for the rural sector. Himanshu Shekhar, a teacher in the Government Senior Secondary High School, Plurwari Sarif, in Patna , is a case in point. He says, \"To make learning interesting, I use flash animations and PowerPoint presentations.\"In his endeavour to make learning interesting, Himanshu incorporated the concepts of 'work' and 'energy' within the children's life experiences through technology-enabled learning methods.The most remarkable part of the story is that Himanshu wasn't always adept at using technology in his classroom. In 2010, a training programme called Partners in Learning run by Microsoft in collaboration with the Bihar Human Resources Department helped him overcome his fear of using computers and soon he was creating his lesson plans using ICT. In five years, the programme has trained over 708,000 teachers and through them, impacted 35 million students. Himanshu is now a state resource person for guidance and counselling in the capacity building programme run by the State Council of Educational Research &amp; Training ( SCERT) in Patna. This is just an example of what teachers can do, and how technology can help.While such attempts are important, according to the 12th Five-Year Plan, faculty shortage needs to be tackled through innovative ways such as technology-enabled learning, and collaborative ICT.Technology can help the education system in scaling up via elearning hubs that can create a pool of learning and sharing knowledge across boundaries. It can also help to improve access to education for differently-abled children, a priority for the government under the 12th Five-Year Plan.The current system of education requires a transformation if we have to help our children to stay ahead in the years to come. This is especially important for children with limited access to education, both in rural and urban India. We owe them the best quality ICT education, the best insurance a child can have against poverty and lack of upward movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233050", "title": "A new era of Bhojpuri film industry with 'Dekh Ke'", "text": "Today everyone is willing to be the 'Krishna' of Mahabharat days but no one is willing to be the 'Arjun'. The same is true in relation to Bhojpuri cinema industry. But TV stars Srivardhan Trivedi and Nikhil Raj have dared to start a new beginning in Bhojpuri cinema with their film 'Dekh Ke' produced under the banner of Philharmonic Entetainment.'Dekh Ke' will be a landmark film in its presentation and canvas. This is an attempt to relate with the society at large and taking Bhojpuri industry out of tag of 'Khatia patia and Lanhanga Chunri'.A new experiment has been done in its music too where the classical and folklore Bhojpuri music is mixed with the modern music by Bonny Chakravarty and Paul Jacob. The singers are Kailash Kher , Saiyo Bamba Kamara of South Africa , Yogeshwaran Mannikannam and South Indian singer Bombay Jaishree.The stars in the film are Srivardhan Trivedi, Nikhil Raj, Zakir Hussain , Vandana Vasistha, Jeetu Shastri, Nishashree, Mahendra Mevati, Awadhesh Mishra, Srikanakani and Prakash Jais.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "strap", "code": "16228646", "title": "Starving python gulps 15kg dog, rescued", "text": "STRAP: The reptile which had strayed out of the Kurudimalai forest in search of food was found lying in a sugarcane field unable to moveCoimbatore: Residents of Perianaickenpalayam on the outskirts of Coimbatore were in for a surprise on Sunday when a 10-feet-long python, found lying inside a sugarcane field at Nehru Nagar with a bloated stomach, thanks to a 15-kg country dog which it swallowed, was recued by forest officials with the help of a professional snake-catcher. The python, which had come from the neighbouring Kurudimalai forests, was lying still for almost 72 hours, unable to digest its huge catch.K Ratheesh, a snake-catcher belonging to city-based 'Save Our Snakes Association', led the rescue operations that lasted for more than three hours. The python vomited the undigested dog halfway through the rescue operations, easing the rescue efforts. A tired looking python, which sustained severe injuries as it tried to catch its prey, was taken to the local forest office in Periyanacikenplayam in the evening. Veterinarians have been summoned to provide treatment for the rescued reptile.According to forest officials, the dog belonged to security guards of the sugarcane field, owned by farmer Chinna Kittu Samy Gounder. As the dog had been missing for the last three days, farm workers began a search for it, when they came upon the python.According to Periyanaickenpalayam range officer M Nazeer, the python had strayed out of the Kurudimadai forest in search of food on Friday. \"The python swallowed the dog unaware that it would not be able to digest it. It is not uncommon for huge reptiles to swallow such prey. Dogs and goats are their main targets,\" said Nazeer.Ratheesh said that the rescue operations were made easier when the python vomited and the dog was released from its stomach. \"The prey was too big making it difficult for the python to move. Recently, a python which swallowed a goat in Vellur died of indigestion. Fortunately, we were able to rescue the python this time around,\" he added.Ratheesh also rescued a three-year-old peacock found injured 2km away from Nehru Nagar on Sunday. The public can contact Ratheesh at 9787332814 for the rescue of snakes and other reptiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228814", "title": "State government flooded withrequest for police gunners", "text": "LUCKNOW: With barely six months in power, the Samajwadi Party (SP) government has already received over 25,000 applications for armed police gunners. But having drawn a lot of flak for using police gunners as largesse in its previous regime, the Akhilesh Yadav government now appears cautious.Not surprisingly, the count of persons with police escorts this time continues to hover around 1,600 -- much lower than the corresponding figures in the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime which stood at 2,207. However, there is a lurking fear that the count may shoot up once the SP appoints 250-odd chairmen and presidents of various boards and corporations in the state.\"The police gunners this time will be awarded to those who need it genuinely and apply through the prescribed channel,\" said additional director general (ADG), crime, Jagmohan Yadav. A senior officer in the state home department said: \"There is no scope for using them as status symbol as it happened during the previous regime.\"When the SP came to power in 2003, 2,690 persons had police gunners. By the time the government was voted out in 2007, the figures stood at 6,000-plus, all at the tax payers' expense. As per the police statistics in 2006, at least 296 persons were allotted with police gunners in the state capital. These included 68 individuals with criminal past. In Allahabad, a total of 154 persons had police gunner of which 97 were allotted by the state government and 57 by the Allahabad district police. In Kanpur, 192 persons were provided with free armed police escort including 11 politicians and 31 industrialists.The list of individuals under police protection then included Bal Kumar, brother of the infamous dacoit Dadua. The result of police gunners being allotted to persons of criminal past started proving detrimental for the men in uniform when the khaki-clad started falling prey to gang wars between the persons they were protecting and their rival gangs. While the police gunners of criminal-turned-politician and then sitting BSP MLA Raju Pal was critically wounded in a shoot out in Chauphataka and, the police escort of then Varanasi mayor Anil Singh in 2003 - 2004 was also shot. Two police gunners were also killed in a gang war between the then BJP MLA Krishna Nand Rai and then SP MLA Mukhtar Ansari.Taking a serious note of the manner in which the police escorts were reduced to a mere status symbol and awarded to notorious individuals who were anyone or someone in SP, the Allahabad High Court directed the state government to review the allotment of gunners. The then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav filed a special leave petition (SLP) against the court orders before the Supreme Court but in vain.Subsequently, as per the HC directives, the state government constituted a security panel comprising principal secretary, home, director general of police (DGP) and DG, security, who were authorized to allot gunners on need basis to the applicants. The security panel was required to seek a report from the local intelligence unit (LIU) of the region where the applicant resides. The officials were also required to review the security needs of the individual on six-monthly or early basis. The court also directed the government to charge for the security cover from those who can afford it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232511", "title": "Woman police officer relieved of gold chain", "text": "BHOPAL: A gang of thieves that moves in auto-rickshaw and targets woman passengers tricked an assistant sub inspector (ASI) and relieved her of gold chain.The incident took place near Bairagarh when Jyoti Soni, ASI, posted in the SP office was heading for her office when an auto-rickshaw stopped near her. The auto-rickshaw already had two women passengers sitting inside when Jyoti joined them, the police said.After the auto-rickshaw raced towards the SP office, one of the co-passengers sitting inside acted as if she was unwell. As unidentified woman pretended to puke, the auto-rickshaw driver told Jyoti to get down so that he can take the ailing woman to hospital.Unable to smell something fishy, the woman ASI got down and began looking for another conveyance when she realised that her gold chain was missing . Subsequently, she approached the police and registered a case in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16227753", "title": "Unmukt got away but would a non-cricketer have been as lucky?", "text": "Sports has been anathema for poor, middle-class and semi-affluent parents who would rather have their children do well in academics, get a job and settle down in life.The adage 'you will rule if you study well; and ruin awaits if you waste time in playing' - born out of centuries of aversion to rearing athletes and sportspersons -- has not helped in creating a conducive environment for youngsters to take to sports as a career.To overcome this, one needs a high degree of understanding from parents to support a talented child doing well in a particular sport. But encouragement from parents may not be sufficient to nurture the child as a world class player. It would require support from the school or college where she/he is studying, which not only had to provide the talented youngster with adequate infrastructure including coaching but also be lenient on the attendance front.If she/he has to be regular in school like those who want to do well in academics, the child cannot concentrate on sports, which require as much practice as one needs to put into mathematics and other subjects.India's Under-19 cricket captain Unmukt Chand just realized that spending hours every day at the nets to hone his game, which the cricket world sat up and acknowledged during the Under-19 World Cup, was not enough to get him an admission ticket to the college examinations. By bringing up his adequate attendance, the college administration and the university appear to have rudely asked him to set his priorities right.Unmukt got away with his \"low attendance\" primarily because cricket is hugely popular and his stellar batting performance was instrumental in winning the U-19 World Cup for India. It is hard to say whether one of his unsung team members would have been as lucky in a similar situation.Would there have been such an uproar had one of the shooters or a hockey player at the Olympics, who did not win a medal, been denied permission to sit for examination on the ground of low attendance? Many would have justified the college authority's decision saying he better be regular in studies as he is not doing so well in the games.Little wonder that a country of 1.2 billion expects its sportspersons, who are starved of encouragement and infrastructural support at every level, to either win medals to rake in goodies or nothing at all.Nothing succeeds like success is truer in India than anywhere else in the world because hero worship is ingrained in our culture. Few understand and fewer appreciate the value of effort if it does not translate into a medal. We as a nation are either hysterical over success or brutal in criticism of failure. But we do forget quickly and so do the officials about providing infrastructure and coaches to hone the skills of talented youngsters if it were to translate into medals in international events.The official apathy to those who missed the mark narrowly - either at the international or national level - is palpable. There is a sports quota in employment but it is seldom filled.If a person manages to land a job through sports quota, the superiors expect him to be at the office desk like other employees. If the sportsman continues with his practice and coaching, which is bound to cut his office time, the seniors become vindictive. In 2009, it needed the Supreme Court's intervention to save the job of a sportsperson who was first transferred and later sacked for devoting time to sports.In Board of Trustees of Port of Calcutta case [2008 (15) Scale 950], the court noticed that only six persons under sports quota were recruited among the 1,105 trained apprentices appointed during 1979-2000. In January 2010, the court in Jitendra Kumar Singh case ordered the UP government to recruit sub-inspectors under the 2% sports quota, which had been lying vacant for years.Will such a scenario, where the system obliges sportsmen rather than owing an obligation to them, be conducive for parents to encourage their wards to take up sports?Instead of being critical about the performance of our sportsmen after conclusion of a major international event, let the authorities and educational institutions create an atmosphere where youngsters can dream of being appreciated for seriously pursuing a career in sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228297", "title": "Plans afoot for the differently abled", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an attempt to include the differently abled into the mainstream society, the Vikasam project, under the purview of the Urban Community Development (UCD) wing of GHMC, is all set to implement a series of programmes in the Old City for those with special needs.Among the initiatives is a Braille centre near Nalgonda crossroads in Malakpet that would be set up at an estimated cost of Rs 10 lakh. Information on various schemes of the government for the disabled and how they can be availed will be disseminated at the centre.The project plan also includes vocational training for the orthopaedically challenged and hearing impaired for increasing their employability. Sessions on communication skills will also be conducted for participants, officials said. Apart from the resource centre, a library and a computer centre will also be set up. A music room for the visually challenged has already been constructed.A park exclusively spread over one-and-a-half acres for the physically challenged will also come up at Nalgonda crossroads. \"This park will be the first of its kind and will have a barrier-free environment with ramps and an amphitheatre where the differently abled will have chances of moving freely. We will be giving vocational training in programmes such as mobile phone repairing to participants. The Vikasam wing has received around Rs 9.5 crore for 2012-13 and we are hopeful to finish all projects on time,\" said GHMC co-option member and participant of Vikasam project Ayesha Rubina.However, activists fear that the plans, though well-intentioned, may not really take off or may be poorly executed. \"While it's a good thing that the government is coming up with facilities for the differently abled people but it remains to be seen if they are able to implement them,\" said an activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16228926", "title": "Moms sourcing breast milk on social media", "text": "MELBOURNE: Mothers unable to breastfeed their babies are bypassing registered milk banks in Australia and reaching out to strangers on social media for donations of human milk. One such network called 'Human Milk 4 Human Babies' connects parents in need of breast milk with those willing to provide it free of charge.Users in Australia have responded to requests for milk donations for babies as young as three weeks.In one case, users also donated to a man with cancer, whose wife appealed for human milk after their doctor recommended it to boost his immune system.Experts, however, warn of the risks involved in sharing milk, which has the potential to be a carrier for bacteria and viruses, including HIV. Director of Mothers' Milk Bank, Marea Ryan, said peer-to-peer milk-sharing was potentially dangerous, and urged mothers to use screened and registered milk bank services.\"The risks are of those viruses passing through to the baby (and) if they haven't had good hygiene at the point of collecting the milk there's potential there for bacteria in the milk,\" Ryan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228855", "title": "No move to remove encroachment on London Street", "text": "NAGPUR: Laxmi Nagar zone officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are protecting two influential contractors and delaying action against them for encroaching on the proposed London Street land despite strict directives given 20 days ago. Even the estate department officials do not seem to be interested in razing the encroachments.The two big contractors, RM Goplani and Dilip Rathi, have encroached on long stretches of land on proposed London Street project worth around Rs 700 crore. The contractors have got rent-free use of the land for the last four years. Officials from Laxmi Nagar Zone and estate department were aware of the encroachments but failed to take any action against the contractors.The officials didn't even report the encroachment to NMC head office. The estate department had rejected an application by Rathi to utilize the land, a couple of years ago. However, the contractors have been utilizing the land for various works with the nexus of NMC officials.Taking cognisance of TOI reports on encroachments by the two contractors near Indraprastha Nagar between Lokseva Nagar and Khamla, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare had directed officials to raze the encroachments and recover penalty.However, junior engineer from Laxmi Nagar Zone Vivek Telrandhe only inspected the encroachments and sent a report to the estate department. Slamming the delay, Kumbhare signed the note and directed immediate action. However, the contractors continue to occupy the land. Goplani has even increased the materials, including sand and metal, lying on the land.Estate officer DD Jambhulkar said officials of Laxmi Nagar zone have been directed to raze the encroachments. \"I will issue reminders to the officials,\" he said. Sources told TOI officials of estate department, which has jurisdiction over London Street land, have not even visited the site yet.Telrandhe said the directives reached his office a couple of days ago, adding, \"We will raze the encroachment in few days.\" Telrandhe was mum when asked about delay in initiating action.Deputy engineer from Laxmi Nagar Zone VV Kahalkar was not available for comments despite repeated attempts.Besides the encroachments by contractors on the London Street, shanties too are cropping up on the land. Scrap dealers too have started to use the land in a few stretches. The weekly vegetable markets too are increasing on the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226705", "title": "Mumbai man wins Rs 7L payout for not getting flat possession", "text": "MUMBAI: Failing to give possession of a flat and creating third party interest by selling it to another buyer has cost a builder Rs 6.80 lakh. Alongwith the Rs 9.22 lakh paid as advance and registration charges for the flat, Rishabh Enterprises will have to pay Rs 6.80 lakh compensation to a Goregaon man who had purchased flat in the former's project but not received possession.Darshan Thakkar had booked the 1BHK flat worth Rs 19 lakh and the agreement was signed on April 30, 2008. Thakkar also paid a total of Rs 9.22 lakh to the builder. But the flat was never handed over to him. After repeated requests, the builder gave a cheque to Thakkar, which bounced. The builder then gave Thakkar three cheques amounting to Rs 3 lakh each. They also bounced due to insufficient funds. Thakkar alleged that the builder had sold the flat to another person. Alleging deficiency and unfair trade practice Thakkar filed a complaint in the Mumbai Suburban District consumer Disputes Redressal forum on May 6, 2011.The forum sent a notice to the builder, but he refused it. An order was passed ex-parte. The forum said the builder had accepted that Thakkar had paid a part of the flat amount. This was evident from the fact that the builder made attempts to return the money to Thakkar. The forum took into consideration documents submitted by Thakkar, including a copy of the cheque and letter sent by the bank after it bounced. The forum held the builder guilty of deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228234", "title": "Celeb singers to revive magic of fading folk music", "text": "BANGALORE: Very few know about Koniga Hanumantha, who died a few months ago in Kolar district. If not for the efforts of some individuals, his exclusive treasure of folk songs, too, would have ended with him. It's not just Hanumantha, there are hundreds of folk singers like him in Kolar, the tri-lingual district (most people there know Telugu, Kannada and Tamil), which is a mine of folk traditions. Telugu folklore is an orphan in the district because the state government never attached importance to folklore in Telugu, while the Andhra Pradesh government is not bothered because the region is in Karnataka. Thanks to the efforts of a group of individuals led by engineer Rajkumar and playwright and poet KY Narayanaswamy, the songs of Hanumantha and his ilk have come out in the voice of celebrity national singers. Six years ago, Rajkumar and team began the daunting task of reviving and promoting folklore by branding them. They identified and mobilized over 100 folk singers, organized camps and collected(recorded for over 300 hours) more than 500 folk songs of Telugu, which were on the verge of extinction. Of these, they chose 12 songs and also translated them into Kannada. They decided to bring out a CD/cassette, both in Kannada and Telugu. Impressed with the effort, music director Hamsalekha offered to compose music. As many as 13 singers \u2014 Shankar Mahadevan, SP Balasubramanyam, Kunal Ganjawala , Hariharan, Kavitha Krishnamurthy, Malgudi Shubha,Manu,Vijay Jesudas, Chitra, Hemanth, Sangeetha Katti, Nanditha, Latha Hamsalekha \u2014 have sang in both languages for the 12 songs. Rajkumar, who has financed the project, said they decided on the celebrity singers to sensitize and reach the people of both Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. ''Folklore is a mine of wealth. It is neglected. It requires proper branding and good marketing,'' said Rajkumar,who has decided to release the CD and cassette on September 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228350", "title": "eSeva centres fail to draw passport applicants", "text": "HYDERABAD: The move to facilitate filing of passport applications online at eSeva centers has evoked poor response as only a hundred applications were filed from across the state.With internet kiosks blocking online slots and selling them for Rs 500, citizens were finding it difficult to book a slot. In order to overcome this problem, the Regional Passport Office (RPO), Hyderabad had tied-up with Electronically Deliverable Services (eSeva) to accept eight categories of applications - senior citizens, physically-challenged persons, minors below 15 years whose parents hold valid passports and applicants for Tatkal services (fresh/re-issue), issue of police clearance certificates (PCC), deletion of 'emigration check required' (ECR) status in passports without any change of personal particulars, seeking new booklets and central/state government servants, their spouses and dependent minor children who have no objection certificate/identity certificate- from August 1 at 263 eSeva centers statewide.The eSeva staff, who collect Rs 50 for PCC application form and Rs 100 for remaining seven categories, fill passport applications online and forward them to Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs). All the applicant has to do is carry a printout given by the eSeva staff and visit the PSK mentioned in the appointment form. The applicant has to show documents there to process the application.\"The service was launched at eSeva centres on August 1, but had to be halted for a while due to technical glitches. But we brought the issue to RPO's notice who promptly solved the problems. Yet people are not using this facility,\" a senior EDS (eSeva) official told TOI. \"Although the response is poor, we will not withdraw the services,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232530", "title": "Bhadbhada sluice gate opened again", "text": "BHOPAL: The sluice gate of Bhadbhada dam at the tail end of Upper Lake, the lifeline of Bhopal , was opened once again on Sunday morning following rains in the catchment area on Saturday.The heavy rainfall in Sehore district led to a rise in water level beyond the full tank level of 1666.80 feet and the authorities opened gate number 9 to discharge surplus water.\"The sluice gate was later closed at about 6 pm. Around 3 million cubic meters (mcm) of water was released into the Kaliasot river from the Upper Lake,\" Udit Garg, in charge, upper lake conservation, BMC, said.A large number of people reached the dam site to witness the site of water gushing out from the sluice gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228670", "title": "Governor to meet state VCs today", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government is taking steps to ensure that tribal students do not lag behind while appearing for competitive exams. On Monday, Governor K Sankaranarayanan has convened an important meeting of all vice-chancellors of the state. The meeting, to be held at Raj Bhavan, Mumbai, will discuss the issue of starting training centre for tribal students where they can prepare for various competitive exams.The focus is clearly on the services exam such as UPSC, MPSC, but the government does not want to leave out any other exam from its purview. That the government will follow through on the plan is ascertained from the fact that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be present in the meeting along with minister for tribal development Babanrao Pachpute, and minister of state Rajendra Gavit.The state government has been taking initiatives to raise the education standards and opportunities for tribal students so that they can compete on level playground. TOI had reported earlier about the state's project to put tribal students in city schools (English medium) for their overall personality development. St Ursula Girls High School is one such institute where tribal girls from the Madia community had enrolled. The girls who joined at the beginning of middle school are now appearing for their SSC exam this academic year.The success at the schools was so well appreciated that Pachpute himself visited the school last month to hand over awards to tribal students.With work being done quite successfully at the school level, the government now wants to ensure students who have completed their graduation do not lose out during competitive exams. The government will soon release more details on the training centres for tribal students and is expected to introduce some evaluation process so that success can be judged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228621", "title": "Panchvati police nabs gang of 10", "text": "NASHIK: The Pachavati police nabbed a gang of 10 dacoits , including a woman, from MERI Road where they were allegedly waiting to strike at some place in the Panchavati area on Sunday morning. The dacoits were produced before a local court which remanded them in six-day police custody.The police said they received information that the gang was hiding behind a canal on MERI Road where they were finally nabbed. A team of police personnel rushed to the said spot and nabbed the dacoitsat 9.45 am.Cops also seized a pistol, five live cartridges a sharp weapon, chilly powder and a rope. The dacoits have been identified as Vijay Govande, Vikram Chavan, Pandit Wankhade, Sadansingh Chavan, Vilas Bhosale, Sanjay Bhosale, Sevad Jano Chavan, BalwanChavan, Ajay Bhosale and woman - Atima Chavan. Thearrested accused are all residents of Khamgaon in Buldhana district. In the past too, the city police have arrested dacoits.On August 18, a gang of seven dacoits was arrested by the Deolali Camp police. The accused were residents of Shivada in Sinnar tehsil had identified their target and were on their way to give effect to it, when the Deolali Camp police arrested them.Meanwhile, gangs of dacoits have also been arrested in the recent past by the Panchavati and Satpur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228864", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to lease out defunct conservancy lanes", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to lease out the remaining conservancy lanes in city, with total estimated area of at 20.76 hectares, to owners of adjacent plots. The plot owners will get possession of conservancy lanes and also FSI. The NMC will get some revenue and will ensure lanes are not used for nefarious activities.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare has implemented the system for the lease holders of NMC in four layouts Dharampeth, Congress Nagar, Barse Nagar and Chimabaipeth where the state government had already given sanction. Kumbhare had prepared the proposal to cover the entire city's conservancy lanes estimated at 20.76 hectares under the system and sent for the state government's consent. Conservancy lanes in other areas like Dhantoli had been absorbed into respective plots many years ago.Giving details, estate officer DD Jambhulkar told TOI that the citizens would benefit to a great extent. \"There was no underground sewage system in city till 1955. Conservancy lanes were left at the rear side of houses to clean the sweeper service toilets in a layout. The lanes became defunct with introduction of underground sewage system after 1955. The lanes about 8 to 16 ft in width between two residential lanes were either defunct or encroached upon. Any construction in the lanes is unauthorized and liable to be demolished. Therefore, NMC decided to give the lanes on lease to the plot owners who will also get FSI according to the area of lane, he said.Jambhulkar further said property holders will have to pay premium to NMC according to the ready-reckoner rates. \"Lease will be given for 30 years. The NMC will charge ground rent from the lease holders,\" he said. He said that there were 3,728 lease holders of NMC in 20 layouts. \"Government had approved leasing out in four layouts. NMC had started the process in these layouts. The remaining layouts will be carried once government approval comes,\" he said.NMC started zone-wise camps to renew the lease of 3,728 plots. Jambhulkar said the camps were conducted in Dharampeth and Nehru Nagar zones. \"Remaining zones will be covered in coming days. The lease of conservancy lanes will be issued along with renewal of lease plots,\" he said. Actually, the Government approved the system of leasing out conservancy lanes in four layouts in 2008. But the NMC officials were sitting on the system. Kumbhare came to know of the approval and implemented the system now.Similarly, the NMC has not renewed the lease of the plots for many years. The leasing out of plots started from Barsenagar Chimabaipeth in 1907. NMC failed to renew the lease after completion of lease period. Besides, many lease holders either sold the plots to others without taking NMC consent or began using them for commercial purpose. Kumbhare started the process to check and renew the leases in the last few months. The NMC is expected to get huge revenue from the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227752", "title": "Second Metro station at Nehru Place soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Getting to Nehru Place is set to get easier with Delhi Metro planning to build a station on Outer Ring Road. Located opposite to Paras Cinema, the underground station will connect surrounding areas like Nehru Enclave, Kalkaji and Chittaranjan Park to Noida and the domestic terminal of the IGI airport.Nehru Place already has a Metro station located next to International Trade Tower. The second station will be part of the Janakpuri (west)-Botanical Garden corridor. \"As per the detailed project report (DPR), 19,546 people are expected to use the underground station in 2016,\" said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) official. The location of the station \u2014 near the intersection next to Paras cinema \u2014 will make its construction quite challenging as it is one of the busiest crossings in the city. DMRC officials said that no traffic plans have been finalized till now, as the contractor for the tender is yet to be decided. \"The traffic plan will be drawn up after consultations with the police. But it'll only happen once the contract is awarded,\" added the official.There will be five entry and exit points to the station. \"While one entry point will be near Paras Cinema, the other will come up on the road leading to Lady Shri Ram College. Three other entry points will be built near Nehru Enclave and Veer Savarkar School near Nehru Place,\" said the DMRC spokesperson. There will not be though, any direct connectivity with the existing Nehru Place metro station. For easier connectivity, Delhi Metro is also planning to construct a subway across the busy Outer Ring Road. \"Nehru Place is a busy area since it's the city's information technology hub. The station will tremendously cut down travel time for commuters travelling from here to NCR areas,\" said an official. The existing station is part of the Central Secretariat-Badarpur corridor.\"By 2031, more than 30,000 commuters are expected to be benefitted by this service. Apart from the Nehru Place market, many nearby residential areas such as Nehru Enclave, Kalkaji and Chittaranjan Park will also be connected,\" said the spokesperson. DMRC says the tender has already been floated and the contract is expected to be awarded by next month. Construction work is slated to begin by the year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227361", "title": "22 towns on govt map for infra boost", "text": "NEW DELHI: To prevent small towns from getting flooded in case of heavy rains, the Centre wants them to come up with development plans. The central government plans to undertake utility mapping of at least 22 such towns identified by state governments where population growth has been more than average in recent years.Sources in the urban development ministry said once such towns get their development plans or master plans, the boundary of these settlements would be fixed. \"With this, green belts, markets, industrial and commercial areas are declared. Moreover, you have all other elements such as natural water courses and drains spelt out in the plan. There will be statutory notification and that would put an end to blame game by different agencies, which we usually see in big cities,\" an official said.The Centre has already launched a massive programme to prepare detailed maps of 152 towns such as Dharamsala in Himachal Pradesh, Giridih in Jharkhand, Kollam in Kerala, Medinipur in Bengal, Muzaffarpur in Bihar, Rourkela in Odisha, Satna in Madhya Pradesh and Silchar in Assam. \"These maps will help the states prepare their master plans for regulated development. Unfortunately, only 24% of towns in the country have such plans,\" UD secretary Sudhir Krishna said.He added that the maps are prepared after verifying the ground reality of the satellite imageries. Krishna said while preparation of a master plan costs little - between Rs 25 lakh to a few crores - the authorities can recover more than the investment by levying development charge. In recent years, Haryana has taken the lead in notifying master plans of smaller towns like Sohna and Pataudi in the National Capital Region (NCR).Krishna also said they were advising states to come out with regional development plans rather than preparing isolated frameworks for one town. \"We have suggested the Chhattisgarh government to prepare a comprehensive development plan of Raipur and New Raipur. Water, transport and housing needs have impact on a region than only one town,\" the secretary said.Former chief town planner H R Suri said comprehensive regional planning is all the more essential since the focus of development has been only on mega cities. \"Small cities are in bad shape. Growth is happening there by encroaching agriculture land and forests, which we must stop. Many of these small towns need smart and affordable Metro system. Plans once prepared have to be strictly implemented,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16235107", "title": "Khatu Shyam Ji Mahotsava celebrated", "text": "KANPUR: The Phoolbagh ground was filled with hymns in various languages and melodious voices on Sunday during the celebrations of Khatu Shyam Ji Mahotsava. The perfect voices of artists from Bekaneir and Kolkata heard by hundreds of locals made the evening a memorable one.Thousands of devotees were seen sitting all around in the Pandal. Men, women and kids dressed up in colorful attires were witnessed dancing on the tunes of Bhajans.The deity, Khatu Shyam Ji was beautifully decorated with colourful clothes and different lights and flowers.The task of Shyam Ji Nadal, a Marwari association of the city was truly praiseworthy and adorable for making the evening successful. \"This night is never meant to be forgotten for the people. Thousands of people with faith in their hearts and hope in their eyes worshipped lord 'Khatu Shyam Ji',\" said Kanika Agarwal, a devotee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231792", "title": "MoneySpinners to collaborate with Mika", "text": "MoneySpinner are proud to present their collaboration with the Baadshah of Bollywood Mika Singh, rest assured going to be a tantalising combination of Bollywood and UK Bhangra for music lovers in the world over!His catchy Bollywood numbers such as 'Mauja Mauja', 'Ganpat', 'Singh Is King', 'Desi Beat' and most recently 'Pyar ki Pungi' from Agent Vinod . All of Mika's numbers have been loved and enjoyed in every corner of the world.The collaboration of Mika Singh and MoneySpinner is rest assured going to be a tantalising combination of Bollywood and UK Bhangra for music lovers in the world over. The news of this collaboration was first broken on Dipps Bhamra's BBC Breakdown show last week and MoneySpinner and Mika Singh have both confirmed this.Mika Singh (younger brother of Daler Mehndi ) will be for the first time working with UK music producers. \"I'm very happy to announce that I'm working on new track with UK producers MoneySpinner. This is first time I am working with music directors in UK. I am glad to work alongside my brothers MoneySpinner . This track is for my fans worldwide. Love you all. Mika Singh\"MoneySpinner are equally excited to release another big collaboration, \"We are delighted to be working with Mika Paaji, a chance to work with an artist of his calibre and status does not come along very often. We are very excited with this new project and feel that working with such an acclaimed singer will only take us to the next level in our music journey\"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228899", "title": "45 trees gone in half an hour of squall", "text": "NAGPUR: Strong winds, along with heavy rains and thunder, threw life out of gear on Sunday. Over 45 big trees were uprooted across the city. Some damaged vehicles but luckily no one was hurt. Many areas witnessed water-logging and power went off in many others. It was easily the most destructive spell of rain this season.The squall commenced around 4.30 pm and continued in full fury for over half an hour. Heavy rains continued for some more time before moderating. Trees came down on busy roads mostly in west and south-west Nagpur. Power supply was interrupted in many parts of the city as trees or their branches fell on transmission lines. Movement of plane also disrupted for sometime.The NMC's fire and emergency control room received calls from 18 places fallen trees blocking the roads. The control room staffer told TOI that fire-tenders from Narendra Nagar, Civil Lines, Cotton Market, Ganjipeth and Kalamna fire stations were pressed into service. \"Fire staffers removed some 45 trees. They were on the job late into the night. Some 4-5 cars were damaged as trees fell on them. Calls related to water-logging were also reported from a couple of places. No incident of damage to other property was reported,\" he said.MSEDCL said that power supply went off in many areas of Congress Nagar division at around 5.30 pm but supply was restored in most areas within half an hour. However, some areas including Shankar Nagar, Abhyankar Nagar, Gayatri Nagar, etc had major problems as tree branches had damaged the supply lines. It took three to four hours to restore supply here.Even though many areas under Spanco also went without power, its spokesperson Satish Chulpar claimed that barring Jaripatka, Nari and Kalamna there was no disruption in supply. He, however, said that the company had received individual complaints.The NMC officials including assistant commissioners and deputy engineers in a few zones rushed to the spots. Some corporators too joined them. Chairman of Laxmi Nagar Zone Gopal Bohare told TOI that incidents of trees and branches on roads and power network were reported from around 80 places. Senior corporator Prakash Gajbhiye said areas like Khadan, Sudam Nagri and Verma layout were affected by water-logging.Traffic was affected with big trees uprooted at VIP road, Deekshabhoomi, Atre Layout, Laxmi Nagar, Tatya Tope Nagar, Surendra Nagar, Venkatesh Nagar, Pioneer Society, VRC square, Walmiki Nagar, MHADA Samruddhi Sankul, Daga layout, Children Traffic park and Vaishno Devi square etc. Traffic at railway-under-bridges at Narendra Nagar and Sitabuldi was affected by water-logging.Indigo's Mumbai-Nagpur-Kolkata flight was delayed by over three hours due to rainfall. When the flight reached Nagpur at about 4.30 pm it was raining heavily. The visibility at the runway was 300 metres against a minimum requirement of 800 metres. The pilot decided to fly back to Mumbai after hovering over the city for 15 minutes. The flight came back from Mumbai at 7.45 pm and departed for Kolkata at 8.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228606", "title": "Eight-day old infant dumped at railway station", "text": "NASHIK: An eight-day old baby girl was found dumped in garbage near Manmad railway station on Sunday. Since the infant was in good health, it was handed over to Adharashram in Nashik the sources from the rural police department said.A youth, Kishor Salve, who was returning home from work in the afternoon, heard the baby wailing and tried to trace the cry.Salve discovered the infant wrapped and was attracted to the cry of a baby, near Toofan Chowk, Manmad. Tracing the cry, Kishor notice the female-child wrapped up anddumped inside a garbage bin. The youth informed the police before taking the child home where he cleaned her. He then took her to the sub-district hospital for a check up. The baby determined to be healthy, weighing 2.5kg. Police have registered the case under section 317 of the Indian Penal Code.It may be recalled that on August 15, another female infant, reportedly delivered three hours earlier, was found abandoned at 2.45 pm in Yeola. The police are trying to trace the parents of the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16229026", "title": "Forget gym, \u2018hulk\u2019 protein can help muscles grow", "text": "MELBOURNE: If you hate the idea of hitting the gym, a new 'hulk' protein can help you achieve a toned and muscular look, scientists claim. Scientists in Australia say they have discovered one of the molecular keys to a protein that promotes weight and muscle mass gain, without any exercise involved . Researchers found that by blocking the function of Grb10, nicknamed the 'Hulk' protein , while mice were in the womb, they were considerably stronger and more muscular at birth than normal mice.The study, published in the journal 'FASEB' , has important implications for a wide range of conditions such as muscular dystrophy , Type 2 diabetes, and problems produced by muscle inflammation . Grb10 seems to have a significant role in promoting muscle growth without any change in activity, diet, or adverse health effects , the researchers said. \"By identifying a novel mechanism regulating muscle development, our work has revealed potential new strategies to increase muscle mass,\" said Lowenna J Holt from the diabetes and obesity research programme at the Garvan Institute of Medical Research in Sydney.Holt and her colleagues compared two groups of mice, one with the Grb10 gene and the other where it was blocked.Researchers examined the properties of the muscles in both adult and newborn mice and discovered that the increase caused by the loss of Grb10 had mainly occurred during prenatal development . These results suggested that it may in future be possible to alter muscle growth and help faster healing, as the processes involved in muscle regeneration and repair are similar to those for the initial formation of muscle.\"Don't turn in your gym membership just yet,\" said Dr Gerald Weissmann, editor-in-chief of the 'FASEB' Journal. \"If you want big muscles, the classic prescription still applies: lift heavy things, eat and sleep right, and have your hormones checked,\" said Weissmann.\"But this study shows that when we understand the basic science of how muscle fibres grow and multiply, we will be able to lift the burden \u2014 literally \u2014 of muscle disease for many of our patients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228790", "title": "Transporter duped of Rs 10 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Three fraudsters, posing as bank loan agents, duped a Hingna Road-based transporter by promising him finance for his business. Vinodchandra Mishra was duped to the tune of Rs10 lakh.Police said Mishra was approached by accused Rupesh Bhoyar in July. Bhoyar lured Mishra by offering him an opportunity to avail Rs20 lakh loan for his business from Gokulpeth-based Union Bank of India . In order to win his confidence, Bhoyar sought Mishra's documents and other details of the business along with his photographs, posing as if he was completing the loan formalities. Bhoyar also got the loan forms signed by Mishra.Later, Bhoyar introduced two accomplices to Mishra, and said they were loan officials from the bank. The two unidentified crooks surveyed Mishra's business to 'verify his credit worthiness'.Subsequently, Bhoyar convinced Mishra that his loan would be sanctioned soon, but he needed to open a current account where a security deposit of Rs10 lakh would be required. Bhoyar ensured that the account was opened and Mishra deposited the sum.Later, Bhoyar opened accounts in his name and transferred Mishra's deposit into his. He then withdrew the amount with ATM cards. Mishra then realized the fraud and approached MIDC police station, where an offence was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228370", "title": "Cops rescue trapped driver after lorry turns turtle", "text": "CHENNAI: A driver trapped inside his lorry was rescued after a two-hour struggle by traffic police officers and firemen on Sunday. The man was trapped inside the lorry when it rammed a stationary truck and turned turtle on Chennai Bypass Road.Police said Govindarajan, 45, driver of a container lorry (TN-31, F-3337) was driving towards Puducherry with a consignment of aerated drinks from a factory in Nemam village. Around 5am, he rammed into a container truck (TN-28, AM 3208), which was parked on the roadside due to a puncture. The container lorry was carrying a load of rolled steel sheets.The driver of the container lorry had parked the vehicle close to the median and left to find help. When Govindarajan's lorry hit the parked truck, the huge consignment of aerated bottles fell on the road.A few passers-by informed the control fire and rescue services personnel. Meanwhile, a traffic police patrol vehicle reached the spot and checked to see if someone was caught inside the vehicle.\"Initially we could not spot anybody, but we heard sounds from a man inside the lorry. Finally our team located Govindarajan. He was trying to pull his leg out which was stuck beneath the steering wheel,\" said V Kannan assistant commissioner (traffic) St Thomas Mount.\"After more than two hours, our team managed to rescue the driver,\" said inspector Venkatesan.Govindarajan, who had a deep injury on his leg, was taken to a private hospital where his condition is said to be stable. Traffic on Chennai Bypass Road was affected for more than an hour due to the accident. However, police later brought the traffic under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16230222", "title": "Visiting minister from China to skip Amar Jawan Jyoti", "text": "NEW DELHI: OIndia n a five , Chinese -day trip to defence minister Gen Liang Guanglie will skip a visit to the war memorial Amar Jawan Jyoti \u2014 from where usually the foreign defence ministers begin their official engagements.Gen Liang, whose bilateral meetings with the defence minister will begin on Tuesday, will not be paying homage at the war memorial for the unknown Indian soldiers who lost their lives in the wars fought by the country including the 1962 Sino-Indian conflict, sources said. The Chinese side apparently did not want this visit to the memorial to be included in Gen Liang's itinerary and the Indian side also did not press for it, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16227232", "title": "Jayalalithaa suspends official for Sri Lanka soccer match", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when chief minister J Jayalalithaa is leading a political chorus in Tamil Nadu against India giving military training to Sri Lankan officers, a football team from the island nation played a match in a state government facility, resulting in the suspension of an officer who permitted the event.In a press statement on Sunday, Jaya said she had directed the chief secretary to place the stadium officer of the Tamil Nadu government-owned Nehru Indoor Stadium under suspension, and initiate departmental proceedings against him for having \"disgraced\" the feelings of Tamils.She said the stadium officer had given oral permission to a football team from Royal College of Colombo to play a match against Customs at the stadium on August 31. The team had arrived here on August 30. Arrangements for the friendly match were made by a Chennai-based Reserve Bank of India officer who had contacted the stadium officer. Though the stadium officer is not the competent person to permit games at the stadium, he gave oral permission, she said, adding that she had ordered that the Lankan football team should not be allowed to play in TN, and that it be sent back immediately.Similarly, the CM had ordered the return of a nine-member football team from a school in Rathinapura in Sri Lanka , which is in the city to play the Velammal Higher Secondary School here. The team comprised eight players and a coach, she said.In the statement, Jayalalithaa flayed the Centre for having permitted the football team to visit TN in order to sharpen their football skills, and added that it amounted to humiliating the people of the state. Condemning the permission, she said the Tamil Nadu assembly had adopted a resolution demanding imposition of economic sanctions against Sri Lanka. While not acting upon the assembly resolution, the Centre had been permitting technical training to Sri Lankan military personnel in India, hurting the sentiments of Tamils, she said.Referring to the ongoing controversy and demonstrations against imparting military training to two Sri Lankan army officers at the Wellington Military Training College in The Nilgiris, Jaya said despite her call that the officers be sent back immediately, the Centre had not acceded to the demand. Under these circumstances, the Centre has again permitted the football team to visit Tamil Nadu and play matches here, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227268", "title": "Tackling dengue: Mosquito nets in Kolkata hospitals to check cross infection", "text": "KOLKATA: The health department has decided to promote the use of mosquito nets for dengue patients at hospitals to prevent cross infection. Use of advanced Dengue non-specific (NS) Elisa kits for faster detection of the infection will also be encouraged.\"We want all hospitals to start using mosquito nets for dengue positive patients to prevent chances of cross infection to other immuno-compromise patients admitted to the same wards, since presence of vector carrying Aedes Aegypti mosquitoes cannot be ruled out,\" said a senior health department official.\"We are not sending out an order in this respect, rather we are suggesting that every hospital should start using mosquito nets with a rise in number of dengue cases. The hospital authorities should be extra careful as September is supposed to be the peak season for dengue,\" added a senior health department official.Senior virologists have also appreciated the step and pointed out that keeping the dengue patients inside mosquito nets for the first four days is a proper preventive step.\"We have informed nursing staffers to give mosquito nets to patients who are dengue positive suspects and admitted to the hospital with other patients, who are immunologically weak,\" said Partha Pratim Pradhan , medical superintendent-cum-vice principal of Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital (CNMC&H;).CNMC&H; authorities have decided to have two specific wards with 10 male patients and 11 female patients. All the patients admitted will be asked to use mosquito nets round the clock and authorities hope that it will help check the infection. Similarly, SSKM Hospital authorities have informed that they are planning to distribute mosquito nets to the patients soon. \"We are planning to distribute mosquito nets shortly,\" said Tamal Ghosh, medical superintendent-cum-vice principal of SSKM Hospital. Some medical college authorities said that the idea is not practical, as in most cases the patients are admitted after five days when a person becomes non-infectious to a mosquito bite.Meanwhile, health department has finally decided to use advanced non specific (NS)-1 Elisa Antigen kit for faster detection of dengue virus as it won't depend on the Mac Elisa test anymore.\"We generally use NS-1 rapid tests to primarily isolate probable positive cases from normal viral fever. The new NS-1 Elisa test is 90% specific and sensitive within first two days of the fever,\" said a senior official of Calcutta School of Tropical Medicine (CSTM).\"Centre has cleared the use of NS-1 Elisa kits and now the government has decided to purchase such kits as fast as possible. The kits, which will be available at state-run testing laboratories, will help detect dengue cases fast,\" said Asit Biswas, spokesperson for state health department. National Institute of Cholera and Enteric Diseases authorities have been assigned to standardize and test the kits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16226928", "title": "Peacocks in NCR face Ranikhet virus threat", "text": "NOIDA: The survival of peacocks in Delhi-NCR is becoming grimmer by the day. There have been at least 60 peacock deaths reported in the last three months, with 20 birds found dead near Gurgaon and another 40 in Noida. All the deaths have been attributed to the Newcastle Disease, an acute rapid-spreading respiratory disease caused by a virus for which there is no cure.At least 40 peacocks died in August in Greater Noida. The Noida forest department confirmed that the deaths were caused by Newcastle Disease or Ranikhet disease after the blood samples returned from a lab in Bareilly. A similar string of deaths were seen in and around Gurgaon when in Hasanpur village 11 peacocks were found dead. Ten peacocks were found dead in Kasan village adjoining the Industrial Model Township (IMT) in Manesar. Doctors at the Lala Lajpat Rai University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Hisar, have confirmed that the birds in the area died due to Newcastle Disease.Officials of the forest department said that while the strength of the virus can change, the disease itself is very serious. \"Newcastle Disease is very contagious and can spread rapidly through contact between birds and through the bodily discharge of infected ones. It can prove fatal and mortality depends on the virulence of the virus. There is no effective medication against it, so it must be contained,\" said an official.Currently, the forest department officials are planning to contain the virus threatening to wipe out entire pockets of peacock population. \"We are planning to mix the vaccine for the disease in water bowls for the birds in pockets where their population is dense,\" said the official.However, wildlife experts and environmentalists argued that a more long term plan to deal with the problems faced by the peacock population in NCR. \"Peacocks are very adaptable and well-suited to living alongside humans, as a result dip in their population isn't easily noticed,\" said VK Ashraf, the chief operating officer and chief veterinarian of the Wildlife Trust of India.According to a survey conducted by WWF in 1991, India was left with only 50% of the peacock population that they had in 1947.However there is no clear information about the status of the peacock population in India. As per the findings of the District Wildlife Department, Gurgaon, while the peacock population is declining in Faridabad, Sonepat, and Sohna, it is near extinction in districts like Gurgaon and Narnual.The Forest Department in Noida have a similar story to tell with the peacock population in Patwadi and Bisrakh villages, a part of Noida Extension, and the nearby villages of Haibatpur, Milak, Roja Jalalpur, Khairpur, Vaidpura and Sadullapur. \"Loss of habitat, use of pesticides by farmers that peacocks ingest is all adding to the woes of population of the birds in the NCR,\" added Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228831", "title": "Chandigarh Metro: Info, safety system on track", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Metro Rail system will have state-of-the-art information and telecommunication system for the benefit of commuters at the stations and inside the trains. A total of 30 stations will be built in the first phase of the project. Here are the key features of the system:Passenger announcement system The system will be used for transmitting messages from the operational control center and the local stations. Announcements from stations will override those from the control center in case of an emergency.Train destination indicator system LED/LCD based boards with adequate visibility at convenient locations in all stations to provide bilingual visual indication of status of running trains.Centralised control system It will provide accurate time through a synchronization system of clocks driven from a master clock fed from a global positioning system placed at the operation control room. The system will ensure identical display of time at all locations.Passenger information display system The displays will be located at convenient locations at all the stations to provide bilingual visual indications of the status of the running trains and will typically indicate information such as destination, arrival/departure time and also special messages in emergencies. The boards will be provided at all platforms and concourse of all stations. The system will be integrated with passenger announcement system.CCTV system It will provide video surveillance and recording for each system. The system will have a mix of fixed cameras and pan/tilt/zoom (PTZ) cameras. These will be located at areas where monitoring for security, safety and crowd control is necessary.Transmission media Optical fibre system as the main source of telecommunication system.Train radio system Digital train radio (TETRA) communication between motorman of moving cars, stations, maintenance personnel and central control.Train protection system Using, automatic train protection system, movement of all trains to be logged on to central computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16227918", "title": "Refused money, man throws acid on parents", "text": "SIRSA: An elderly couple was hospitalized following an acid attack by their alcoholic son after they refused to give him money, at their residence in Hari Nagar here on Sunday evening.According to police, Happy Singh, the errant son, had approached his parents Gursharan Singh and Gurdev Kaur, seeking Rs 5,000 for personal use. The three had an altercation, following which Happy threw acid on the aged parents, they said.Soon after the incident, the couple ran to the police station from where they were taken to civil hospital for treatment. Hospital sources said the condition of the two was stable.\"We have started investigations. Happy Singh has gone into hiding. Police parties have been sent to search his possible hideouts. We are awaiting the medico legal reports (MLRs) from the hospital,\" said sub-inspector Dalbir Singh, the investigation officer from city police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16227737", "title": "ANF men exchange fire with Naxals", "text": "MANGALORE: There was a brief gunfight between the Anti-Naxal Force and Naxals at Subrahmanya on Sunday after Naxals opened fire at the personnel.While none of the Anti Naxal Force (ANF) men was hurt in the gunfight, casualties on the other side are not known yet.The ANF team had been camping in the area after receiving confirmed reports that there was naxal movement in Subrahmanya. They had even visited a house in the area a few days ago. ANF IGP Alok Kumar said the naxals, about three to four in number, sensed trouble when they were about 30-40 metres away from the ambush point and opened fire at the force. The ANF team returned fire and lobbed grenades. But the naxals escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227627", "title": "Forget land grab, Maidan Garhi landlord grabs sky", "text": "NEW DELHI: That people carry out illegal construction in the capital is no secret, but SP Singh has gone a step further, baffling not only neighbours but also engineers and local authorities. The 50-year-old from Maidan Garhi, near Chhatarpur, has merged two extended balconies to build a room mid-air.Maidan Garhi, categorized as an urbanized village, greets you with rampant construction and building material spread over its narrow alleys.TOI found Singh's hanging room in Adhikari Mohalla rented out. \"I bought the house on the other side of the lane, too. Since both houses belong to us and neighbours do not have any problem, it is optimum utilization of space,\" said Singh. Asked if he knew the construction was illegal, he grinned and said, \"This is Delhi\".However, this 'bridge' room not only violates rules but also poses a grave danger to its occupants, a family of three. \"With no support from beneath, the room is no doubt different, but till now we haven't had any safety concerns,\" said A Yadav, the tenant. The room also has a balcony \u2014 hanging, of course. But the owner says it is structurally sound as it has support from both sides and girders in the room's base impart strength.For Singh's family, the room is a convenient bridge between their two houses. It was built seven years ago after a family friend's suggestion, says Singh's wife Sarita.\"Going from one house to the other seemed a hassle. Had we constructed the room on the ground floor, passage in the public lane would have been blocked.\"South Delhi Municipal Corporation officials seemed clueless about such a construction.\"If there is such a case, we will take action immediately. However, after the regularization of unauthorized colonies, the corporation is not taking action against structures constructed before 2007. But even if such a structure is a decade old, it will face demolition,\" said a South Delhi corporation official.The corporation has carried out several demolition drives in areas like Paryavaran Complex and Freedom Fighter Colony\u2014 metres away from Adhikari Mohalla. Perhaps, the residents of this Mohalla are entitled to special adhikars (rights).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16233945", "title": "City bus service logs onto social networking", "text": "LUDHIANA: If you have any suggestions for Ludhiana City Bus Service Ltd (LCBSL) or seek information, you need not visit the municipal corporation office.In an initiative to connect with city residents and get first-hand feedback , the LCBSL has created a profile on social networking website Facebook and will update it regularly. MC commissioner R K Verma said the page has been created to know the needs and requirements of residents. ''The Facebook page created on August 22 has gathered 43 likes and 50 comments so far. We will interact with the residents answering their queries on the page, as it would help us understand their expectations and problems,'' said Verma, adding, ''The page will act as a forum for residents to address their problems. I would monitor the page personally.''Besides providing an interactive platform, the Facebook page has detailed schedule of city buses, phone numbers and information about routes. The move of the civic body is being appreciated by the reisdents.The residents are elated as the civic authorities are getting in tune with the changing times. ''With all young and old going hi-tech now-a-days, we are glad that the authorities too are embracing the change. But merely creating a Facebook page does not complete their job '' the authorities will also need to maintain, update, respond to queries and take necessary action on complaints posted on the wall,'' said Sachin Kapoor, am industrialist and resident of Civil Lines.''This is a positive step and will also go a long way in encouraging the youths to take public transport. Moreover, now with a convenient suggestion-complaint channel, city residents will be able to inform the authorities about rash drivers and help avert possible tragedies,'' said Tapin Malhotra, a businessman and resident of Model Town. Nishchay Sachdeva, a resident of Civil Lines, said, ''I hope this initiative helps make the working of MC more transparent.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16234555", "title": "CBI seeks more time from CVC to submit report on coal issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has sought more time from Central Vigilance Commission to submit its status report on its probe into alleged irregularities in coal blocks allocation and utilization.CBI, which has registered a preliminary enquiry after receiving a reference from CVC, could not finalise its report in three months time frame because of \"complex nature\" of the case, agency sources said.They said a three-month time limit, which expired on August 31, is a flexible one and they can seek more time from the anti-corruption watchdog.In its request seeking more time, the agency is understood to have intimated CVC about the alleged prima-facie irregularities it has found about the beneficiary companies.Meanwhile, CBI teams are camping in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand and examining officials concerned of the companies under the scanner of the agency.A CBI spokesperson had clarified that no raids were taking place and the teams were there as part of the agency's ongoing PE into the alleged coal scam.At least 10 companies, which benefited from the coal block allocation, are under CBI scanner for alleged violation of norms, they said.The sources said that the agency is likely to register cases in different batches and nearly eight companies could be booked in the first set.They said CBI has already questioned senior bureaucrats who were overseeing allocation of coal blocks during 2006-09.Meanwhile, the agency is also taking into cognisance the Comptroller and Auditor General report on alleged coal blocks issue which was tabled in Parliament recently.The sources, however, made it clear that CBI would not be going into policy issues but will limit its role to aspects where criminality could be established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16226281", "title": "Now, widows, divorcees can also become nuns", "text": "KOCHI: The Jacobite Syrian Church, which traces its origins to Saint Peter, is ordaining widows and divorcees as nuns. Conventionally, across various church denominations, only unmarried women are admitted to the fold as nuns. Around 250 nuns are part of the church, which follows Orthodox traditions, and the outreach may increase that number.The church runs 10 convents in Kerala and with plans to set up a string of hospitals and educational institutions, authorities feel it could do with more hands. \"Widows, divorcees and the disabled can get trained and become nuns,\" says Father Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Church. If the women have children, they would be admitted to children's homes run by the church, said Fr Kallappara.Women in their 30s and 40s who remain unmarried due to financial constraints, too, are welcome to take up the vocation, he said.The Syro-Malabar church, one of the Catholic churches in Kerala, has been admitting widows to its convents, citing that marriage is a holy life, and that there should not be an either-or choice for women. \"Divorced women, however, would need special permission from the church to enter the service. We give priority to commitment and virtue,\" said Fr Paul Thelakat, spokesperson of the Syro-Malabar Church, which has more than 30,000 nuns in its fold.The Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, however, does not plan to change the rules. \"This is a vocation, and it has its own rules. We have only a few nuns who joined the service after marriage, and they are housed in our ashram in Coimbatore,\" says Fr Johns Abraham Konat, priest trustee of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16228352", "title": "Land paucity impedes road corridor project in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to ease traffic congestion in the city, traffic management experts have proposed a plan to develop 16 road corridors in Kochi. The plan is to improve the quality of 65km of road at an estimated cost of Rs 225 crore.But authorities say the implementation of the project wouldn't be an easy process as the estimate excludes expenses involved in land acquisition and shifting of utilities. The availability of land too is an impediment.According to N S Srinivasan, an expert on traffic and transportation, about 80% of roads in Kochi do not have the width to accommodate two-lane traffic. Out of the total road network of 1,665km in the city, major roads account for 499km.\"As vehicle congestion increases on these narrow roads during peak hours, the speed of vehicles is between 16kmph and 23 kmph,\" he said. It is under these circumstances that civic bodies like Greater Cochin Development Authority have come forward with plans to improve city roads.The proposal envisages strengthened road surface, construction of rail overbridges, replacement of culverts and improvement of about 100 road intersections to ensure smooth flow of traffic.The plan includes provision for continuous footpaths, zebra crossings and other facilities for smooth movement of pedestrians. The project emphasizes on the need to install signs, markings, signals and destination boards for proper regulation and control of traffic flow.Srinivasan said the project would take into account the need to have stormwater drains, construction of transverse ducts and reorganization of existing utilities to avoid digging of roads in future.Speaking on road development projects, PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju said the major hindrance in executing such projects was non-availability of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16231800", "title": "Reel villain injured during film shoot", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Reel fight turned real for popular cine actor Samaresh when he was seriously injured during shooting of a movie at Naraj near Cuttack on Saturday.Film industry sources said actor Babushan accidentally landed a punch on the face of Samaresh during shooting of a fight scene for Odia film \"Love Master\". Babushan rushed a profusely bleeding Samaresh to a private hospital in Cuttack in his vehicle. Subsequently, the injured was shifted to a hospital in Bhubaneswar and he underwent a surgery on Sunday.\"It was an accident. Babushan inadvertently hit Samaresh,\" said the film's director Chandi Parija. Though the incident was considered a mishap, it brought back memories of Bahushan getting injured about two years back on the sets of the flick \"Prema Adhei Akshara\" after being accidentally hit by Samaresh.Sources said the accident took place when the final shot was been enacted. \"Both the actors were doing the scene after the director explained the whole scene to them,\" an eyewitness said. Babushan gave a punch with his right hand when he was supposed to use his left hand. Samaresh was hit on the nose.Soon after Parija shouted \"action\" and the cameras started rolling, Samaresh fell down on the ground holding his nose and bleeding profusely. \"The nose bone of Samaresh got fractured and a minor surgery was done. At present, he is unable to breathe through his nose,\" said Srinibas Routray, Samaresh's elder brother. \"Doctors have said Samaresh's nose will not be disfigured. He has been advised two weeks' bed rest,\" Srinivas added.Babushan was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228780", "title": "Police bust gambling den", "text": "NAGPUR: A hotel manager was booked along with 13 others for gambling after crime branch sleuths busted a den in a late night raid on Saturday. Anil Raut, alias Annaji, brother-in-law of a NCP woman corporator, was nabbed during the raid. It was the second time in the last fortnight that Raut has been nabbed by crime branch team for gambling.The crime branch team under senior PI Madhao Giri stormed the second floor of a sophisticated hotel on Wardha Road after getting a tip-off regarding the gambling racket. The so-called gamblers were nabbed red-handed in the raid at the hotel.Police also seized cash 3.42 lakh from the place apart from other material. The accused were brought to Sonegaon police station where an offence was registered against them. Raut, known as a gambling kingpin, had also been earlier nabbed from a five-star hotel at Sadar by PI Giri's team around a year ago. It is learnt that Raut's younger brother Sunil, who too has held positions in NCP, has a criminal past with some cases still pending against him. He had caused a controversy when he shared the dais with state home minister RR Patil. Sunil is learnt to be close to a senior NCP leader in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16227523", "title": "Once again, strays maul deer to death", "text": "MYSORE: Two days after a stag was mauled to death by a pack of stray dogs, a deer was attacked and killed in a similar manner at the foothills of Chamundi on Sunday. The second incident occurred in the same area inside a high-end resort where a stag was killed on Friday. The backto- back deaths of the spotted, long-legged animal have become worrisome for animal lovers who are demanding a probe into the incident. Forest officials are unable to trace where the animal could have strayed from. DCF B S Gaonkar said he has asked his staff to search the area and look for the animal's faecal matter to trace their location. The deer, aged around 6, was found mauled by the strays, who usually feed on garbage in the vicinity. Forest personnel suspect the same pack of dogs might have killed the stag too. Assistant conservator of forests Durgegowda said the carcass was found inside a bush alongside the resort pathway. Some two dozen forest personnel were on the job to track the animal's path, but in vain, the ACF said. All they could find were the footprints of dogs, deer and boars. Meanwhile, a flower vendor told the forest officials that he had sighted a herd of five deer, including an antler, in the area a few days ago. \"If he is right, three other deer could be in trouble.We will intensify our search to track them and shift them to a safe place\", Durgegowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16228697", "title": "Woman throws baby girl into well, held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 29-year-old woman was arrested on Sunday for throwing her two-year-old baby girl into a well in Annur, on the outskirts of the city, on Saturday night. The baby was found dead later. Police said the mother had planned to marry again and felt the child would be a hindrance to her plans.The accused was identified as K Narayani alias Nithya of Kandaramanickam village, Sivaganga district. Narayani was married to Karuppasamy three years ago and had a baby girl, Jothi, with him. She had separated from her husband a year ago after a squabble.According to police, Ramasamy (44) of Kandaramanickam village in Sivaganga district separated from his wife recently and moved to Coimbatore. He was working in a bakery at Annur. Since both Nithya and Ramasamy hail from the same village, its residents approached them to get married and their wedding was fixed on September 11 at Annur.According to police, at 7.30pm on Saturday, Narayani threw the baby into a 70-ft deep well in her neighbourhood. When her relative Kamalaveni asked after the child, she dodged the question. When Kamalaveni eventually became aware of what had happened, she went to the well and found the dead child. She informed Annur police on Saturday night. Police said Nithya often told Kamalaveni that she disliked the baby girl and wanted to leave her.Police said, Nithya often told Kamalaveni that she disliked the girl baby and wanted to leave somewhere. Then Kamalaveni advised her that she can leave the baby with her mother's house in Sivaganga district. But the mother brutally killed her baby.Fire and rescue personnel retrieved the body at midnight. Meanwhile, Narayani had gone missing after killing her baby. Annur police arrested her on Sunday and she has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227396", "title": "Land-buy rules may ease soon", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP government is preparing the ground to bring in appropriate amendments to section 107 of the Karnataka Land Reforms Act, 1961, primarily to facilitate investors to purchase agricultural land directly. Faced with criticism from all quarters against acquisition of farmers' land, the government had dropped the idea earlier and withdrawn the Bill that it had proposed to introduce in the monsoon session. But now deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa said the government is planning to reintroduce the Bill in the winter session, to be held in Belgaum, with certain modifications in the draft''. He said the Act will be amended to suit to the present situation keeping farmers' interests in mind. Justifying the need for such an amendment, he said: \"Availability of government land is gradually diminishing, especially in areas where investors usually want to set up projects. Therefore, it is getting difficult for the government to provide land for various projects which are important for economic development or for providing social infrastructure. Through the amendment, official sources said, the government wanted to allow investors to directly negotiate the price with farmers by making a provision in the Karnataka Land Revenue Act. Besides, the deputy commissioner concerned will be empowered to purchase land from farmers if they voluntarily offer to sell it. For this, the government will fix land prices in all districts. At present, the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board is the only authorized agency for acquiring farmers' land on behalf of investors. The modified legislation will help not only industrial projects, but also other investment options like townships, housing projects, infrastructure schemes, power plants and hotels and resorts. This apart, the state has proposed to amend Section 79-A of the Karnataka Land Reforms Act, 1961, to let non-agriculturalists with income up to Rs 6 lakh to purchase agricultural land. Section 17 of the 1973 Act prohibited acquiring agricultural land beyond ceilings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16227467", "title": "Old Noida Extension buyers to stall sale of new units", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida Extension have threatened that they will not allow those developers to book new housing units who have been randomly cancelling bookings of old buyers and demanding hiked rates from them.Buyers alleged that some developers have been illegally sending cancellation letters, particularly after the clearance of the Greater Noida Master Plan 2012 by the NCR Planning Board.For the first time after the plan was cleared, hundreds of homebuyers attended a general body meeting organized by Noida Extension Flat Owners Welfare Association (NEFOWA) at the roundabout in Noida Extension on Sunday. Buyers visited offices of several developers to inform them of intensified protests ahead if unethical demands made on old investors were not withdrawn.The buyers said they are miffed over the fact that few developers have resorted to hiking rates for existing buyers once the master plan was cleared. \"Under no circumstances will we be able to pay hiked rates since we have already exhausted our savings. We will oppose hikes vehemently and ensure that developers who had promised no hikes for existing buyers abide by their words,\" said president of NEFOWA, Abhisek Kumar.\"We will discourage new buyers from investing in projects of developers who are making unethical demands. We have apprised developers that we will intensify our protests if such demands are not withdrawn,\" added Kumar.Soon after the master plan was cleared, Greater Noida Authority, which has promised a 'zero-interest period' on developers for the time that construction was in limbo in Noida Extension, had requested developers not to burden existing buyers with hiked rates. \"Despite this, some developers have decided to hike rates. Bookings continue to be cancelled by many developers on flimsy pretexts,\" said Chetan Tyagi, a homebuyer.The old investors said they would meet top officials of CREDAI as well as with the CEO of Greater Noida Authority next week to ask for their intervention in resolving these contentious issues with developers. Developers have, meanwhile, said that no cancellation of bookings would be done of those homebuyers who have abided by the terms and conditions of their agreements with their respective builders.\"Both buyers and developers would have to abide by the conditions laid down in the builder-buyer agreements. There would be no cancellation if homebuyers have adhered to the terms contained within these agreements,\" said RK Arora, vice president of CREDAI (western UP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16229425", "title": "Editor of Pakistani English newspaper beaten up for watching TV", "text": "ISLAMABAD: An editor of one of Pakistan's leading English dailies was beaten up by four men outside his home in the port city of Karachi for watching TV and listening to music.Though the incident occurred on August 27 and Zainul Abedin, op-ed editor of The News daily, reported the matter to police, no action has been taken by authorities so far, journalists in Karachi said. The men who attacked the journalist are members of a proselytising group.According to Abedin, four men kicked open the gate of his house in the in Gulshan-e-Iqbal area at 11 pm on August 27 and began to abuse him.When Abedin went to the gate to talk to the men, he was surrounded and grabbed.One of the men objected to Abedin watching TV and listening to qawwalis.When he asked them who they were and why objected to whatever a person did in the privacy of his home, one of the men reportedly said: \"We do have a problem with these things but we will solve your problem today.\" The men beat Abedin and one of them punched him on the face and broke his glasses.As they kicked and slapped Abedin, the men warned they would not let him go unless he repented and said he would not watch TV or listen to music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228277", "title": "Slum-dwellers face tough times after being relocated", "text": "CHENNAI: For Santhanari and her family of six, relocation from a slum in Ambattur in 2008 was a nightmare. After living in a slum for 20 years, she was evicted and resettled in a barren field in Morai, 20 km from Chennai. Four years later, the area still has no road, water, sanitation, electricity, healthcare or means of employment.People in the city's slums, who constitute roughly 1.1 % of the city's population, are increasingly being relocated in concrete ghettos on the fringes of the city, disconnecting them from their social circles, sources of livelihood and education, say activists. For instance, with projects in Kannagi Nagar and Semmencheri, relocation has raised concerns about employment options, law and order problems, child labour, and social unrest, they said. Reasons for relocation include displacement due to land acquisition for public projects as well as disasters or accidents such as the tsunami or a slum fire. Last month the houses of 600 families were gutted in a fire at Ambedkar Nagar and on Sunday a blaze broke out at Srinivasapuram, the second in three days.A slum cluster housing 450 families in the old Zoo Maidan area near Moore Market was gutted in 2011, leaving all the families homeless. Kumar, an auto driver who lives in the area, sleeps in his vehicle as he has no house. Stella, a maid, cooks food for her family of four on the pavement. Sumati , a construction worker, says she could not salvage even a shred of clothing from her house. The relocation process often drags on for years, leaving them in makeshift tenements or on the pavements.\"Government promised a lot of things but we still sleep on pavements,\" she said. \"There is no drinking water and we are exposed to the elements. Some people living on pavements have been bitten by snakes.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16232209", "title": "Govt's reply to nursery teachers' plea for salary hike sought", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) has sought the response of the Centre on a plea by 41 nursery teachers engaged on contractual basis for 'early child education centres' being run as part of the Human Resources Development (HRD) ministry's 'Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.'The CAT bench of its members Dharam Paul Sharma and Veena Chhotray issued notices to the State Project Director of Universal Elementary Education (UEE) Mission, which runs the education centres and comes under the HRD ministry, and the director of education, Delhi seeking their replies by September 5.The order of the bench came on the plea by 41 nursery teachers seeking hike in their current salary of Rs 5,000 per month on the ground their pay has not been revised since 2008 whereas their contracts have been renewed periodically.The bench also directed the respondents not to pass any adverse orders against these 41 teachers.\"Issue notice to the respondents (State Project Director, UEE Mission and Director of Education). Let the matter be listed for our consideration on September 5, 2012.\"In the meanwhile, no order adverse to the applicants (teachers) will be passed by the respondents,\" the CAT said.The applicants have alleged other employees engaged on contractual basis under the same project in different categories like assistant teachers, are receiving higher remuneration as well as a hike in their pay periodically.They also contended in their plea that as per the HRD ministry's policy of 'equal pay for equal work', they are entitled to higher remuneration and periodical hike in their wages. They said their monthly remuneration of Rs 5,000 is below the minimum prescribed wages.The teachers, in their plea moved through advocate Ashok Aggarwal, feared their contracts would not be renewed by the authorities as they have agitated on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16235478", "title": "A filmi do", "text": "The success meet of OK OK was held in Hyderabad. Hero Udhayanidhi Stalin, Nageshwara Reddy, Sagar, B Jaya, Chinni Krishna, Vasu, Prasanna Kumar, Nandini Reddy and others attended the event.Producer Bellamkonda Suresh, who released the movie in Telugu, thanked actor Sunil for dubbing for 18 days and putting life into Santhanam's character.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226673", "title": "Youth nabbed for killing paramour", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old youth has been arrested by the Kashimira police for killing a married woman from Rajasthan with whom he had eloped in July. The couple presented themselves as husband and wife at a mall where they were working.On August 10, Kavita Jal (22) was found dead in her Geeta Niwas apartment at Miragaon, Kashimira. The post-mortem revealed death due to strangulation. Her 'husband' Bhupendra (20) was absconding. Investigation revealed that the couple had rented the apartment a week before the murder and were working at the Thakur Mall in Dahisar check naka.A police team went to Baroli village in Rajasthan to nab Kavita's husband, who was the prime suspect in the murder. There, the police learnt that Kavita, who got married six months ago, had eloped with Bhupendra, a resident of her husband's village. Ever since Kavita's in-laws and villagers learnt about the two eloping, there was unrest among the families.Bhupendra, who was hiding in the village, confessed to killing Kavita. He told the police that he had fallen in love with Kavita soon after she came to stay in their village after her marriage. They decided to elope and landed in Kashimira.While Bhupendra got a salesman's job at a monthly salary of Rs 5,000, Kavita got Rs 6,000 for a similar job. When the couple got their first salary in August, Kavita insisted on saving her money and using Bhupendra's salary to run the household. This irked Bhupendra who felt he had made a mistake by eloping with Kavita. On August 10, when Kavita was fast asleep, he strangled her with her dupatta and fled to his village, where he pleaded ignorance about Kavita. Bhupendra has been remanded in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16218048", "title": "Beerack Obama: White House reveals US President is ale and hearty", "text": "WASHINGTON: \"Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy,\" America's founding father Benjamin Franklin is apocryphally quoted as saying. And so in the spirit of things, the Obama White House released over the weekend recipe for a Presidential potion that is evidently keeping the US chief executive ale, hearty, and in tune with the drinking classes, and perhaps the voting masses.The surprising and frothy White House disclosure came over Labor Day weekend (which in the US is the first Monday in September) in the midst of an election campaign where Obama is already seen to have an edge in connecting with the Average Joe six-pack. His opponent Mitt Romney does not drink alcohol because of his Mormon faith, but the White House was all too ready throw light on President \"Beer-ack\" Obama's lager-than- life image as a regular guy who loves an occasional drink.Under the declamatory headline \"Ale to the Chief: White House Beer Recipe,\" the Presidential blog on Saturday related the story of Obama's beer push, explaining that \"With public excitement about White House beer fermenting such a buzz, we decided we better hop right to it.\"Apparently, inspired by the growing trend across the country of cranking out micro-brews at home, President Obama last year bought a home brewing kit for the White House kitchen. After the first few drafts, the President and his kitchen cabinet landed some great recipes that came from a local brew shop. They also received some tips from a couple of home brewers who work in the White House who helped them \"amend it and make it our own.\"\"To be honest, we were surprised that the beer turned out so well since none of us had brewed beer before,\" the blog revealed. Word that the Obama White House was brewing its own hooch leaked out when the President handed out a bottle with the White House label to a beer-swilling supporter during a road tour in Iowa.By then, it was already known that Obama is something of a beer-head, bar none. He had even held a \"beer summit\" at the White House early in his term to defuse a racial spat between a cop and a university professor. He also had a beer bet with British Prime Minister David Cameron last year over a US-England soccer game (the match was a 1-1 tie and so they swapped American and British beers).Soon, there was a clamor for more -- both the White House beer and the recipes -- from the beeristas. On Labor Day weekend, the secret spilled out of 1600, Pennsylvania Avenue.According to the White House, the Presidential Honey Brown Ale is the first alcohol brewed or distilled on the White House grounds. George Washington brewed beer and distilled whiskey at Mount Vernon and Thomas Jefferson made wine at Monticello but there's no evidence that any beer has been brewed in the White House, according the Presidential blog. There was also the issue of prohibition (between 1920 and 1933) and puritanism (intermittently), although the Obama White House stiffly maintained that \"we do know there was some drinking during prohibition.\"White House chef Sam Kass said since the first batch of White House Honey Brown Ale, a Honey Porter and a Honey Blonde has been added to the collection this past summer.So what's the buzz behind the White House brew? That's a no-brainer. \"Like many home brewers who add secret ingredients to make their beer unique, all of our brews have honey that we tapped from the first ever bee-hive on the South Lawn. The honey gives the beer a rich aroma and a nice finish but it doesn't sweeten it,\" Kass revealed.The White House bee-hive, which also created a buzz when it was first hosted on the South lawn, is mounted on a tall stool to prevent Bo, the First Dog, from sniffing at it. Evidently, it now provides a high to others in the White House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16232351", "title": "Mobile IMEI number tampering: 6 arrested", "text": "PATNA: Patna police arrested six persons on the charge of changing the international mobile equipment identity (IMEI) number of cellphones and sim cards without permission of their owners and using them in stolen cellphones for committing crimes.Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj said a special police team, led by city SP Jayant Kant, carried out raids at two public booths owned by Pankaj Kumar and Gopal Mehta at Dargah Road under Sultanganj police station and seized four illegal walkie-talkie sets from there and arrested both the booth owners.The SSP said the police team also carried out raid at Google Communication, a cellphone repair shop, at Bakerganaj under Pirbahore police station and found IMEI being changed. He said the shop-owner and three of his employees were arrested with the equipment.The arrested persons have been identified as Pankaj Kumar, Gopal Mehta, Ajit Kumar alias Rahul, Firdaus Akhtar alias Tammana, Pankaj Kumar and Jainandan Kumar. He said the police team seized four CPUs, four monitors, one laptop, three keyboards, one net gear, one data cable, six walkie-talkie sets and 125 cellphones of different companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16229774", "title": "\u2018Bandi river has become a reservoir of polluted water\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Yet another river is dying, this time in the environment minister's constituency. Not long ago, river Bandi in Pali district was a seasonal river. In absolute disregard to environment , three out of the four common effluent treatment plants (CETPs) don't have consent to operate since March 2011, he said. \"Textile dyes are toxic, highly stable and do not degrade easily and are not removed by conventional wastewater treatment methods. Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) staff took samples of water from several points, ranging from CETPs, drains from industries , wells and hand pumps in villages downstream. These samples were tested for heavy metals in the CSE pollution monitoring laboratory,\" said Mahaveer. The CETPs are managed and maintained by the Pali Water Pollution Control Research Foundation (PWPCRF) Trust, which is one of the very first co-operative pollution control measures in the country, and was initiated by the industry itself. \"The trust has given an affidavit to run the CEPTs within the permissible standards and capacity. They have been prosecuted once in the past and if they don't meet the standards, we would take required action,\" said D N Pandey, member secretary, Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board. Besides, the Nehada dam that was built for storing monsoon runoff to enhance irrigation of that area is today the death-knell for agriculture . \"Because of accumulation of industrial effluents at the dam, it has become a reservoir of polluted water ,\" said Mahaveer. Our repeated pleas to the industry to recycle their polluted water and follow the HC directions to make the industry zerodischarge have fallen on deaf ears. Despite spending Rs 15 crore on cleaning water at the CEPT run by the industry, the water is being released in to the river without treatment ,\" he said. District collector Neeraj Pawan said, \"We are trying our best to mitigate river pollution. We have taken many measures and in the last six months and dismantled industry expansion that was illegal after 2007. But we still have a long way to go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16229114", "title": "Making funds accessible", "text": "Last month saw the first steps being taken to revive the mutual fund industry . Among others, specific incentives have been provided to take mutual funds to locations beyond the top 15 cities. Despite their obvious merits\u2014setting aside the question of distribution for a while\u2014one wonders why investors do not choose mutual funds. There are too many products, too many variants within a product, and there is an overload of information thanks to exemplary disclosure practices. This results in inaction even for the most informed investors in top cities, not just the uninitiated in the hinterland. The work of leading psychologists and behavioural economists, who have examined how people make choices, can be extended to mutual funds to understand why people don't opt for them.Barry Schwartz , in his book The Paradox of Choice, argues that too much choice might lead to a decision paralysis . Users face the cognitive problem of dealing with loads of information and making product comparisons. When they do choose, they worry about what they may have missed. Worse, they blame themselves for buying a wrong product, since the market place provided them with choices. The end result is that people end up making no choices. Similarly, Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein, in their book, Nudge, recommend that including a default option that is easier to apply, even if the user does not make a conscious choice, works well. When new joinees to a retirement program were asked to 'opt in' , 20% did so in the first three months, and 65% in the next 36 months. Instead, if they were asked to 'opt out' , meaning they were part of the plan by default and had to make a choice only if they were to opt out, 90% joined in the first three months, moving up to 98% in the first 36 months. The users failed to make a choice in both cases , but in the latter case, it worked to their benefit. Let us consider banking products as a simple parallel to highlight the things mutual funds can do to make it easier for them to be chosen by investors.First, enable easy comparison by categorising products. If investors know that they have to make a choice between comparable options, the information that they have to deal with is reduced. Every single bank offers credit cards and term deposits. Investors understand the generic category and their decision to choose between banks offering similar products is simpler. Mutual funds, on the other hand, have turned product creation into a fine art. Ironically, the categories offered to informed institutional investors are generic across funds, such as liquid and gilt funds, but the ones offered to the retail market, except for the ubiquitous FMP, come in a range of confounding names, features, styles and strategies. It is important to enable a simple comparison by retail investors with no facility for research.Second, promote product options that fit into a generic, but dominant need, before bringing in variants. Every bank has plain vanilla savings and current accounts , which cater to the generic and dominant need to maintain transactional balances for payment needs. The dominant need translates into a default choice, which leads to the beginning of a relationship with the bank. Subsequent product choices build on a basic, wellunderstood premise. It is tough to identify a generic and dominant product that every mutual fund investor would be happy to hold. It could have been the liquid fund, which ensures efficient utilisation of idle balances, or the equity index fund, which ensures simple exposure to equity as an asset class at a low cost. A default choice in these could have enhanced participation and offered immense benefits for both investors and funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226642", "title": "Stop TRP game, Raj Thackeray warns Hindi news channels", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Sunday warned Hindi news channels to stop stoking the Bihari-versus-Marathi fire with their irresponsible reporting or face consequences. \"The Hindi channels should stop distorting my statements on the Bihari issue. They should report objectively. Stop the TRP game or else the MNS will begin its game,'' he said. The MNS chief was addressing a party conclave at a Bandra auditorium.\"The Bihar government can't issue a threat to the Mumbai police and warn them not to enter Bihar to arrest a criminal. What I said at my last meeting was that if the Bihar government doesn't stop creating hurdles in tracking down criminals who are wanted in Maharashtra then I will throw every Bihari who lives in Mumbai out of the city. The Hindi news channels have been twisting my statement out of context to increase their viewership,'' Thackeray explained. \"The English news channels don't belong to this country. They are lost in their own world. They are on another planet,'' he remarked.Thackeray said the rulers of Bihar should realize that criminals from Mumbai are either from Bihar or they take refuge in Bihar, and from there, they sneak into Nepal and Bangladesh. \"Nitish Kumar and other Bihari politicians should address the issue. Why are criminals using Bihar as a short-cut to Bangladesh and why is the Bihar government doing nothing to check this? It is pointless to rile me. First understand the problem and then react,'' he said.Thackeray reiterated his opposition to Asha Bhosale's participation in 'Sur-Kshetra', a music reality show which will go on air on September 8. \"Ashatai says she is into music and as such, she doesn't understand the nuances of politics. However, as a responsible citizen, she should understand the magnitude of cross-border terrorism which is tearing India apart. There is no need for an artiste of the calibre and status of Ashatai to collaborate with Pakistani vocalists,'' he added.Thackeray urged the Pakistani artistes who are slated to participate in the Colors show to publicly condemn the Pak-sponsored violence in India and Mumbai. \"Don't come here only to make money. The Pakistani singers should come out in the open anddenounce Pakistan for its role in perpetrating violence on India,'' he stated.Thackeray slammed Congress leader Digvijay Singh for his statement that the Thackerays have their roots in Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. \"Digvijay Singh is Congress Party's punching bag. He takes blows and abuses from everyone and yet he continues to put his foot in the mouth. He is a scarecrow,'' the MNS chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231696", "title": "State library: A boon to students preparing for competitive exams", "text": "RANCHI: The state library has proved to be a boon to students who are preparing for competitive examinations.More than 500 such students can be seen in the library anytime of the day. The library has had many students clearing various competitive examinations without tuition and good reading materials needed for these examinations.Kailash Kumar, a student, said, \"My brother used to come to this library regularly and study. Currently, he holds a good post in a bank. Now I have started coming here to study as I am also preparing for competitive examinations.\" Kailash said the advantage of studying in the library is that his friends, who also visit the library, help him clear any doubts that he may have and vice-versa. \"There is absolutely no need for extra tuition,\" he said.The main reason behind students going to the library to study is the peaceful and study-friendly environment it offers. \"When I see people around me studying it motivates me. I have even formed my own study group. We discuss whatever problem we may have in studies,\" said Mohit who is preparing for the UPSC civil services examinations.Students also prefer the state library as it is cheaper than any other library in the city. Manoj, who a member of the library, said, \"I have to pay only Rs 25 annually and Rs 50 as security money in return for good environment where I can study for hours together without being disturbed. It is affordable for people like me who are not financially strong.\"Although the library offers a good environment, the lack of updated and properly maintained books is a problem. \"Many times I can't find the book I need as there is no catalogue available in the library. Another problem which we face here is that the library do not have new books.\"Amarnath Jha, the librarian in-charge, said: \"The lack of adequate number of staff is the biggest problem in arranging the books. Moreover, as there is no catalogue available in the library, managing the books has become difficult.\"As many books are unavailable in the library, many students usually bring their own reading materials. As for keeping themselves updated with current affairs they get the daily newspapers and monthly magazines in the library itself.Sanjeev Kumar, a member, said, \"We get almost a dozen newspapers and almost three dozen latest magazines to prepare for the examination. Many people I know have cleared several competitive examinations by studying the materials available here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16226989", "title": "Drunk driving on a decline", "text": "GURGAON: The city has seen considerable decline in the number of drunken driving cases this year, mainly because of strict policing and awareness drives. Drunken driving cases have fallen by about a quarter compared with last year. Gurgaon traffic police have launched various awareness campaigns to sensitize the locals. This was done while police issued challans to 7,992 drunk drivers till August 2011. As a result, this year, only 5,799 drunk drivers were caught in the same period.Since early this year, 10 teams comprising eight traffic policemen each, had been deployed at 10 different accident-prone points to nab drunk drivers.Residents are happy with the ongoing police initiative. \"While coming back from a movie, I was stopped by a cop at IFFCO Chowk at 11:30 pm. I pulled over and was delighted when the cop politely asked me to step out of the car for the breathalyzer test. As the result was negative, he parted with me courteously,\" said Lakshay Kamboj, a student of Delhi University.On weekends, traffic police are particularly careful with DCP Bharti Arora participating in the campaign. There are police teams near city pubs to keep an eye on violators. Arora said the drive has made positive impact.A road safety officer (RSO) who participates in weekend drives said that now drunk people are choosing to hire cab to go back home, or they are driven home by sober friends or relatives. Apart from all the important crossroads, traffic police keep a watch on some specific points like Kherki Dhaula toll plaza, MG Road, Galleria Market, Sector 56 Chowk, Gurgaon-Faridabad road, Sector 4/5 chowk, Cyber Park etc. However, due to perennial congestion problem on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza, police avoid putting check post there, informed an RSO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16229127", "title": "Lounge bar owned by ATS cop raided, 300 held", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police raided a lounge bar at Wagholi in the early hours of Sunday and arrested as many as 303 customers, 114 of them women , on charges of not having liquor permits and misbehaviour in a public place. The customers, who were subsequently released on personal bonds, included IT professionals, businessmen , students and a few foreigners .Interestingly, Maya lounge bar is jointly owned by Rajnish Nirmal, an inspector with the state antiterrorism squad, and his wife Anjali. The police have booked Anjali under certain sections of the Bombay Prohibition Act. The two partners and two managers running the place were also arrested.Two additional superintendents of police, three deputy superintendents, five inspectors and around 100 policemen participated in the raid. The police summoned a team of doctors from the government-run Sassoon hospital around 4 am to take the blood samples of all present. Due to the high number of customers, blood samples were being taken till late in the afternoon . Each customer was allowed to go only after his/ her blood sample was taken.A female IT professional, whose blood sample was taken around noon, complained bitterly about the police action . \"We are not at fault. We only came here to celebrate with friends. If the police have a problem, they should take action against the organizers . Why are we being held responsible?\" she said.The police registered two separate cases \u2014 one against the organizers and the other against the customers. They slapped charges under section 85 of the Bombay Prohibition Act and sections 110, 112 and 117 of the Bombay Police Act against the customers. The two partners running the lounge, Harmeet Sahani and Abdul Zaheer Abbas Jaleel, and the two managers, Saud Anwari and Shreyas Tanna, were charged under sections 65, 81 and 83 of the Bombay Prohibition Act and sections 33/ 131 of the Bombay Police Act. The four men will be produced in court on Monday .Speaking to TOI, Nirmal said, \"We have given out the place on a five-year lease. We had asked the partners running the place to follow all rules and regulations.\"The lounge is located at Sai Satyam Park in Wagholi, around 20 km from Pune. The 8,000 sq.m. plot houses a garden restaurant and a single-storied structure, which has a dance floor.Additional superintendent of police (Baramati division) Ravindrasingh Pardeshi said the lounge was raided around 1 am. However , several customers spoken to said the police entered the place around 12.15 am while the lawyer for the management, Rahul Dindokar , claimed that the raid began as early as 11.45 pm. \"The lounge was shut exactly at 11 pm. No customer was allowed in after that,\" he said.\"We are verifying the documents of the place,\" Pardeshi said. \"If needed, we will take action against the owner. The rural police has been getting numerous complaints from nearby residents about youngsters gathering at the lounge every Saturday night. They used to dance to loud music. Taking serious note of these complaints, we raided the lounge.\" Pardeshi said, \"When we entered the lounge, we found youngsters in the 20-30 age group dancing to loud music. Most of them were under the influence of alcohol and did not even understand that we were conducting a raid. We took their blood samples at the lounge itself as it was practically impossible to take all of them to hospital.\"The police said the lounge management had obtained a permit to serve liquor only between 7 pm and 11 pm on Saturday. \"But liquor was still being served when we raided the place,\" said sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) of the Haveli division M P Karade.However, Dindokar contested this, saying the organizers had obtained a one-day permit from the police. \"We also have a transport permit for the liquor. We have an account of every bottle of the liquor in the lounge,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231732", "title": "Governor stresses on new eco-friendly tech", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed on Sunday expressed hope that experts would be able to develop technology that would end the dependence of farmers on chemical fertilizers.The governor was addressing experts who were here to take part in the zonal seminar on nanotechnology organized by local chapter of Institution of Electronic and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE).\"I am confident that experts will develop a technology that will be environment-friendly and in times to come reduce dependence on chemical fertilizer that is hazardous to health,\" the governor said. Chief general manager of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited D K Sinha and professor of Indian Institute of Technology (Kharagpur) T K Bhattacharya were present on the occasion.The governor also stressed on the need of development of high performance products both for industrial and agricultural youths. \"I wish that very soon there will a technology in place that will also transform medical world by providing cheap and best cure for every disease,\" he added.Experts present on the occasion said with every passing day they were using nanotechnology that would offer better built, long lasting, cleaner, safer, and smarter products for home, communications, medicine, transportation, agriculture, and industry sectors in general.\"Nanotechnology offers not just better products, but a vastly improved manufacturing process. A computer can make copies of data files, essentially as many copies as you want at little or no cost. It may be only a matter of time until the building of products becomes as cheap as the copying of files. That's the real meaning of nanotechnology and why it is seen as the next industrial revolution,\" said an expert.The technology will allow making many high-quality products at very low cost and also allow making new nano factories at the same low cost and at the same rapid speed as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16228068", "title": "One killed in stampede", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: An elderly person died outside Brahmkund, Rajgir, while waiting for his turn to enter the kund for a holy dip on Sunday morning.The deceased, identified as Rudra Narayan Sah, 75, a resident of Supaul district, could not withstand the pressure from devotees behind him and fell on the ground. He was immediately taken to hospital where he died, said Rajgir SDPO Mukul Ranjan.He said the cause of death might have been cardiac arrest.He also said on Sundays the turnout of pilgrims who take the holy dip in the Brahmkund to get rid of their sins during Malmas, increases manifold and, he being fragile and weak, fell on the ground due to commotion outside.The SDPO added that the postmortem report could not ascertain the exact cause of his death.The police officer said over three lakh pilgrims had already taken holy bath in the Brahmkund during the first half of the month long Malmas which occurs once every three years.Two arrested: The police arrested two of the three accused in a case of attempt to murder of a youth late Saturday evening in the Sohsarai locality under the same PS.The two accused were arrested within three hours of the incident while search for the third accused is on, said Sadar SDPO Shams Afroz on Sunday.Asif, a resident of Sohsarai locality running a coaching institute, had an argument with Balwant, Randhir and Ram Dhir Mistry, all residents of the same locality.The youths got so infuriated that they hit Asif's head with an iron rod and left him bleeding and unconscious.On regaining consciousness two hours after the incident, he informed his parents who admitted him to the district hospital where he was given several stitches on his head.He is said to be out of danger. The arrested youths were remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228187", "title": "Four of family die in Sangam", "text": "BANGALORE: Four persons from a family in Yeshwantpur drowned at Cauvery Sangam, Mekedaatu, on Sunday afternoon while they were swimming at the river confluence.The victims are Balaji Singh, 52, Raghu Singh, 24, Sandip Singh, 29, and Raj Singh, 35. Police said one of them started drowning while others tried to pull him out of the swirling waters. The river was in spate due to increase in water inflow. They said all the four were dragged into the river and drowned.''They had gone for a picnic. The bodies were recovered late in the evening,'' a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16228521", "title": "Niravu shows the way in power conservation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After attaining self-sufficiency in food by initiating organic farming and ensuring zero waste generation in its limit, Niravu Vengeri, a collective of 101 households here has set its eyes on energy conservation with the launch of a project named Urjashree.The project aims at conserving energy through minimum usage thus bringing down the electricity bill of the consumers.Launched the project at the Nethaji community hall here on Sunday, electricity minister Aryadan Muhammed said that the KSEB will distribute 505 CFL lamps to the 101 households.Through the distribution of CFL lamps, each household would be able to save up to Rs 1,495 in electricity charges every year.The residents will be able to save 250 watts electricity per day as a CFL light need only 50% of the energy when compared to conventional bulbs.The association will also provide energy-saving tips for people to ensure that they use only minimum electricity during the peak hours between 6pm and 10 pm. The residents will also be trained to read the electricity meters installed in their households.As part of the project, the association will distribute LED lights to households to further reduce electricity consumption.Nirvau has already constituted a team of 12-members comprising electronics technicians to manufacture LED bulbs of zero-, one- and three-watt capacity.These bulbs will be distributed to the households at a subsidized price. A committee constituted to monitor the project will document the electricity bills of each consumer for a period of one year.The households that consume the lowest quantity of electricity will be awarded with the Urjashree award and a cash prize after a year. Babu Parambath, project co-ordinator of the Urjashree project said that the government is providing Rs 3 as subsidy on each unit to the consumer.\"If each household saves one unit of electricity per day then the government would be able to save around Rs 1,48,000 on subsidies per year that it provides to the consumers. In the long run, we are planning to manufacture the LED lights on large scale,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231390", "title": "Rasshee releases \r Tere Nal Nachna", "text": "Rasshee Rraga is taking no time off after her recent nomination for Brit Asia Award for 'The Best Female Singer' and releases her latest song 'Tere Nal Nachna' Bhangra track that is sure to make you move!The song is released online to thank all those who supported her and voted for her. While working on major projects, Rasshee took time out to give back to those who gave her so much love. Biggest award for her is the reaction she gets from her loyal fans, which she says are like her family.ISR, Executive producer with chart toppers to his credit says, \"Rasshee is the new era in music. She has it all from the looks, voice, background, brains to a clean heart.\"I do not want to compare her to anyone not out of respect to others, but out of respect to her. She is not 1 in a million or billion, but 1 of a kind\". There is not much to do, but to sit back and enjoy this journey Rasshee is about to take all of us on!\"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16227991", "title": "Two-day meet held to promote sway of science", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A two-day meet of the science club coordinators from five states of India concluded on Sunday at Gandhinagar. The brainstorming session was organized by Vigyan Prasar and the Gujarat Council on Science &amp; Technology (GUJCOST) at Institute of Seismological Research (ISR) campus where representatives from Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, Manipur and Tamil Nadu participated.About 30 experts and resource persons across the country working in different disciplines attended the event and had an in-depth discussion for the science club activities. \"Issues such as functions of science club, making science clubs nuclei of change and hubs of information, financial aspect of the operation, accountability of club activities and new initiatives for the clubs were discussed,\" said a GUJCOST official.The advisors who spoke during the sessions include Rajendra Singh, a Magsaysay awardee and Saroj Ghose, a Padma Bhushan recipient for science popularization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16231180", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal, activists to protest outside Parliament police station in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alleging harassment of volunteers of India Against Corruption , Arvind Kejriwal and others will today stage a protest outside Parliament Street police station here and offer arrest.Kejriwal and other leaders of the IAC will arrive at the police station this morning and demand that the volunteers detained during the August 26 protest should not be harassed in the name of collecting evidence.Five cases of rioting have been registered against Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan, Manish Sisodia, Kumar Vishas, Gopal Rai and several unknown people for their protest against the coal block allocation.Bibhav Kumar, an IAC member, said \"they will not take bail but will go to jail\".He alleged that police, who were summoning the volunteers on the pretext of collecting evidence in the cases, were harassing them.\"Kejriwal and other leaders will tell police that they can arrest them but not harass people,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16227050", "title": "Central nod for 9 textile parks in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The Centre has approved Rs 1,500 crore for setting up nine textile parks in Rajasthan, besides an additional grant of Rs 400 crore to promote the sector in the state.While the state already had sanction for five parks, four more were approved recently as part of establishing 21 such centres in the country. The move is expected to create jobs for 4 lakh people.Union textiles secretary Kiran Dhingra, who held a high level meeting with chief secretary C K Mathew in the city on Sunday, said: \"Rajasthan has huge potential for textile industry. The Central government has approved nine textile parks and sanctioned Rs 1,500 crore for this. A grant of Rs 400 crore has also been approved under the Scheme for Integrated Textile Parks.\"Dhingra promised all cooperation for the international textile fair, Vastra 2012, to be held here from November 22 to 25.Mathew said Rajasthan is the third largest state in the textile sector and the government will take more measures steps to help the industry.Under the Technology Upgradation Funds Scheme, projects worth Rs 27,240 crore had so far been approved in the state, he said. This accounts for almost 14% of the total investment in this sector in the country and efforts will continue to further expand textile sector in the state, said Mathew.The meeting was also attended by joint secretary, textiles, Sunaina Tomar and principal secretary, industries, Sunil Arora, who also chairs the Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation. Others participated in the meeting included principal secretary, revenue, Malvika Panwar, bureau of investment promotion commissioner Purushottam Agarwal, principal secretary, finance , Govind Sharma, energy secretary Nareshpal Gangwar and RIICO managing director Rajendra Bhanawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228309", "title": "Hyderabad historian chronicles Bahmanis, Baridis rule", "text": "HYDERABAD: After having successfully documented the life and times of the Qutub Shahis and the Nizams of Hyderabad, the latest on the Bahmanis and the Baridis brings to culmination a two decade long endeavour of city-based historian M A Nayeem.Titled \"The Heritage of Bahmanis and the Baridis of Deccan,\" the book was released in the city on Sunday. Dwelling extensively on the Bahmani sultanate, the book speaks about its rise and disintegration into what came to be later known as the Deccan sultanates. This is followed by work on Baridi shahis, the ministers of Bahmanis, who ruled as the sultanate disintegrated.The book is said to be the last in the series of Nayeem's works.His earlier works were based on Qutub Shahis of Golconda, the Adil Shahis of Bijapur, the splendour of Hyderabad and the royal palaces of the Nizams, succinctly documenting the history of the Deccan. tnn\"The material is compiled from varies sources including the state archives. I have also conducted field visits to many of the monuments belonging to the Bahamani era. Though the Bahamani and the Baridis ruled during the same period, there is a distinction in their architecture,\" said Nayeem.With hundreds of photographs, maps and illustrations describing details of the lifestyle, culture and even technology prevalent between 1347 and 1619, the book promises to be a rigorous yet a lucid read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16228623", "title": "Karnataka man held for cheating", "text": "BICHOLIM: A 58-year-old man who had borrowed gold ornaments worth 1.20 lakh from his landlord for his personal use and did not return them even after two years, has been finally arrested.The police registered an offence against one Abdul Rehman Bari from Udupi, Karnataka for cheating the house owner, who had rented a room to him in Sanquelim.But though the owner lent the ornaments on good will, he did not return them for a long time. Finally, the house owner lodged a complainant against him on August 11, 2012. A police team then went to Udupi and after a search nabbed him on Saturday under section 406 of IPC. He has been remanded to 3 days of police custody. ASI R G Kalangutkar is further investigating the case under the guidance of PI Ninad Deu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16229128", "title": "35 traffic cops control 4 lakh vehicles in Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: With most traffic police personnel deputed for controlling the movements of VVIP and VIPs in Mohali, the district reportedly has only 35 traffic cops to control more than 4 lakh vehicles.According to the records available with the district traffic police department, in the absence of adequate manpower most of the busy traffic diversions and points remain unattended. Meanwhile, shortage of manpower in the traffic wing is also causing lawlessness in the view of traffic rules violations in the urban area of district. Sources in traffic wing said no challan drive was held in the district in the last fortnight, while other drives were initiated only with the assistance of officials of district transport office.SP (traffic) Swarandeep Singh said, \"Repeated requests have been made to state traffic police officials to increase manpower in the traffic wing of the district. We are yet to receive more manpower. The traffic wing is also short of manpower to tackle traffic in rural areas, including Derabassi and Zirakpur highway.\"The 35 traffic policemen, include two inspectors, one DSP, head constables and constables. Though assistance of home guard volunteers is also being taken for regulating the traffic in district, it is not enough in the view of total vehicle population of the district, especially in urban area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228284", "title": "Airlines want more space for counters at new international terminal", "text": "CHENNAI: The new international terminal at Chennai airport doesn't appear to get over its labour pains. Even as uncertainty prevails over its opening date, airlines have a load of complaints over its design and space allocation.Citing deficiencies, airlines have been opposing the Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) plan to slap user fee on passengers and hike airport charges for airlines. If implemented, the proposal will push up the cost of international airlines.Airlines say the new international terminal would not add anything in terms of improving operation of flights even though crores of rupees have been spent to build the steel and glass structure. The structure has come up elegantly, but bureaucratic reasons are delaying installation of crucial facilities. Against this background, airline representatives are irked that AERA wants a 118% increase in landing fee and an 83% hike in parking and housing charges. Airlines will also be paying the money before using the new terminal.\"The terminal does not have enough space to accommodate more counters. We can add only six additional counters to the ones at the existing terminal,\" said an airline official. He says passengers will suffer if in-line baggage scanning is not ready at the new terminal at the time of its opening. Personnel trained in baggage scanning are in short supply. It takes 13 days to train an employee to detect suspicious-looking materials. The terminal will not have space to accommodate passengers who will have to queue up before baggage scanning machines before check-in because the terminal is not designed for such an eventuality.AAI has not notified airlines when the terminal will be opened. \"This uncertainty is putting a lot of pressure on us. We need time to shift operations, to hire and train people to handle passengers, check-in and baggage scanning. Recruitment can begin only after we know when it will be opened,\" an airline official said. A recent trial conducted by AAI confirmed the worries. \"We have found several design anomalies. AAI did not take feedback from airlines when the terminal blueprint was prepared,\" he said.AAI however is taking up works in phases. A senior AAI official said they were planning to renovate the existing international terminal and merge it with the new terminal. \"This will add more space ,\" he said.AAI executive director, construction, S Bhaduri said: \"Drawbacks found during trial have been set right. We hope that in-line baggage will come by the time the terminal opens. It is waiting for clearance from Bureau of Civil Aviation Security. There was a space constraint in the area earmarked for people to queue up for immigration in arrivals. AAI moved the counters to ensure that a few more people can be accommodated.Drawbacks found during trial have been set right. We hope that in line baggage will come by the time the terminal opens. It is waiting for clearance from Bureau of Civil Aviation Security. For time being, we are planning to use stand alone baggage scanning", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232508", "title": "CMAT online registration date extended", "text": "BHOPAL: All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has extended the last date of online registration for the Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) from September 2 to September 7.Sources in the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) said, the decision to extend the date of online registration was taken after the DTE scrapped the state-level management entrance test (MET) from the next academic session (2013-14).Prior to common admission test (CMAT), the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board (MPPEB) was organising MET, which was a state-level entrance test for the admission in management\"By the time the decision to scrap the MET was announced by the DTE, the last date of online registration had already approached. It would have been injustice to the large number of students who wanted to appear in the test. It is this reason the last date of registration was extended,\" sources said.Students intending to take admission in the management courses will now have to appear in the CMAT.The AICTE launched national-level CMAT exam last year to select suitable students for admission in all management programmes approved by it. The facility will help the B-schools to better talent pool of students.The test will be conducted twice a year. The best scores from both tests will be calculated for admission in B-schools.Graduates in any discipline or final year students of graduate courses can apply for online CMAT. The online test will be organised from September 27 to October 1. The results will be declared on October 17.Students can opt for three cities of their choices for appearing in the test. The AICTE has provided a list of cities where test will be organized. In Madhya Pradesh, CMAT centres will be in Bhopal , Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231541", "title": "Private school vehicles come under cops lens", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a tough stand against errant school vehicle drivers, who pay less attention to the safety of school children, traffic cops in Allahabad have challaned (fined) 41 errant drivers in the past 24 hours by the traffic cops since the district police chief, Mohit Agrawal has cracked a whip against erring vehicles and its drivers ferrying school children.With more than 600 tempos, cabs, vans, buses and autos ferrying thousands of school children, traffic cops are entrusted to check the physical status of all vehicles and driver's experience. Traffic cops are also checking whether the driver is capable to drive the vehicle safely or not.The development comes after parents approached the policemen and complained about the over-crowded and also questioned the driving acumen of the drivers.Senior superintendent of Police, Mohit Agrawal said, \"A guideline has been issued for drivers asking them to follow certain directives to ensure the safety of the school children. Cops have been instructed to take corrective measures in the same regard.\" He added that a driver must have five years experience of driving and name and phone number of school should be written on the both sides of vehicles.\"Traffic inspector, IP Singh told TOI that traffic cops are acting tough with errant drivers and revealed that most of them were not following the norms. He added that 28 errant drivers have been challaned within 24 hours. \"Cops are also checking valid licences of motor cabs and tempo drivers ferrying children,\" said the TI adding, \"For vehicle owners to be authorised to carry schoolchildren, they have to first get commercial licenses and then permits.\"Few days back, divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi too asked to check the plying of school cab, whish run on LPG cylinders. In the same regard, checking has been done and action would be taken against the cabs. \"If a vehicle is equipped with authorised LPG kit, there is no problem, but cabs running on illegal LPG kits would be dealt strictly,\" said the traffic inspector.Though the RTO and Traffic police department has laid down stringent guidelines pertaining to school vehicles, they are rarely follow them on the ground. Most school vans are crammed with students and driven by people who don't have valid licences. Auto experts feel that these vehicles pose a grave threat of toppling over when overcrowded and driven rashly.As per the law, unauthorised cabs can be booked under overloading (Rs 2,000 fine), permit or registration violations (Rs 2,000 fine) and dangerous driving (Rs 1,000 fine). A school cab must have a speed governor, fire extinguisher, space designed inside the vehicle to place school bags and a first-aid kit. But ironically, the cab drivers are not aware about the fact and they don't have even first-aid box with them.Secondly, though it has been made clear by the police authorities that a school cab cannot have more than eight children including the driver, most of these cabs are overloaded with 14 to 16 children.Parents, however, claim that there should be regular checking of vehicles and action must be taken against errant ones. Ajay Tripathi, whose son is studying in class III at a-city based school says, \"Parents generally have no idea about guidelines and they too do not have enough time to drop and pick up their children from school and solely rely on tempo or cab drivers.\" Vanshika, mother of Atul says, \"There should not be over-crowding of children either in tempo or cab and if it happens, it will surely invite mishaps.\" Other parents were of the opinion that safety of school children is must and there should be physical verification of vehicles ferrying children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234720", "title": "Laawaris", "text": "CreditsFilm : LaawarisDirector : Dev PandeyProducer : Ajay Sinha - Nasir JamaalCast : Pawan Singh, Anjana Singh, Gajendra Chauhan, Ravi Ujjain, Satyendra Singh, Urvashi Chaudhary , Rani Chaturvedi, Sambhavna Seth etc.Synopsis : Pawan Singh will be seen with Anjana Singh in 'Lawaris'. The movie is basically a love story where Anjana falls in love with Pawan Singh.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16226598", "title": "Register complaints, bus commuters urged", "text": "PUNE: Bus commuters' group PMP Pravasi Sangh has urged the citizens to attend the Pravasi Din programme on Monday and register their complaints and suggestions for improving PMPML services.The programme will be held at the 10 PMPML depots between 10am and noon.The Pravasi Din has been initiated by the PMPML to improve the services and will be held on the first Monday of every month. The concept is on the lines of the Lokshahi Din organized by various government departments for hearing citizens' complaints.Officials will respond to citizens' complaints within a month of registering them, said PMPML officials.Convenors of the PMP Pravasi Sangh Jugal Rathi and Vivek Velankar said bus commuters face severe hardships everyday. Their complaints need to be communicated to the PMPML officials. There are no bus shelters at many bus stops and commuters have to brave the heat and the rains while waiting for buses. The seats, windows and other passenger facilities in buses are in bad condition. Many buses do not have proper destination boards. The existing buses are over-crowded as their frequency is very low. Many buses do not stop at the bus stops, Rathi said.The Sangh has welcomed the decision of the PMPML administration to start the Pravasi Din.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231405", "title": "Employees State Insurance Corporation ran sans audiometry machine for four years", "text": "INDORE: This technician's job can make anyone feel jealous. He has been receiving his salary for the last four years, and without doing any job. But he is not the one to blame for the situation. Thanks to the negligent attitude of superintendent, Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) hospital has been running sans audiometry machine for the past four years. And the technician, who was appointed by ESIC as an audiologist to treat patients with ear defects, has been receiving his salary of Rs 20,000 per month without fail. This fact was exposed after much brouhaha, the department recently procured the machine. Interestingly, the machine costs only Rs 1 lakh which equals the technicians' five month's salary.Earlier, the technician himself wrote to hospital authority several times in this regard but to no avail, said sources, familiar with the development. Hospital could have easily bought the machine long back but due to the apathetic attitude of the officials concerned, the department remained a mere white elephant for four long years.And the recent development has raised eye-brows over the large sum of money wasted on referring the patients or showing them doors. \"Who will be answerable for the loss to the corporation and patients? Recovery orders should be given to the hospital authority for such negligence,\" said a source.Audiometry machine is used for detecting various ear-related problems. The basic purpose of the machine is to quantitatively access the hearing status of the affected. Even minor problems in the internal ear and external ear can easily be traced through this machine.Strikingly, the hospital had appointed audiologist in the year 2008 but the machine to treat patients was not given to him. According to sources, the OPD of the hospital sees 25 patients daily on an average who come here with ear-related complications. The hospital has been referring these patients to the private hospitals or tie-up hospitals which charge ESIC Rs 50 to 60 per referral patient. On the other hand, the audiometry test costs Rs 150 if done in private centres.When asked about the delay in installing the machine in the hospital and the continuous loss to the corporation and patients, Dr KC Vishwas, superintendent, ESIC hospital said, \"I cannot comment on the delay. We have installed the machine now and prepared a sound-proof room costing Rs 1.5 lakh.\"It is to be noted that ESIC is a central government body that provides health insurance to its employees having income below Rs 15,000 per month. A yearly premium in between Rs 900 and Rs 25,00 is being deducted from the salary of the employees to get treatment for their health problems at free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226879", "title": "Pilots' union general secretary quits as Air India woes mount", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after Air India (international) pilots' stir got over, there's trouble brewing in AI (domestic). The general secretary of Indian Commercial Pilots' Association (ICPA), Captain Rohan Saharan, has quit from the pilots' union and the Delhi chapter of ICPA has been dissolved over issues like flight duty time limitation (FDTL).While Saharan could not be reached for comment, ICPA sources say discontent is mounting in the airline. Erstwhile Indian Airlines' pilots have not been able to fly for the DGCA-approved cap of 30 hours a week; 120 hours a month and 1,000 hours annually due to the airline's own rules. The airline's Airbus A-320 flight schedule is not being kept due to pilot shortage caused by no hiring for years and this impacted the Boeing 787 Dreamliner training for ICPA members.On top of that, the mounting salary dues and the recent aviation ministry-imposed ban on pilots to travel as additional crew members (ACM) has added fuel to fire. \"Employees' morale is at an all time low. The government is not responsive to our woes and in a situation like this there's very little that a union can do. The fate of AI pilots' union and its members is known to all when they went on strike some months back,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227731", "title": "Metro phase III: Ride on faster, driverless trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: Getting stuck in Delhi Metro trains will be a thing of the past in Phase III. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is betting on its new trains to offer a smooth ride on lines 7 and 8 \u2014 Mukundpur to Shiv Vihar and Janakpuri (west) to Botanical Garden.\"There will be no room for error in the new trains, which will be faster and driverless, using the latest technology in unattended train operations (UTO),\" said H S Anand, director (rolling stock), Delhi Metro. DMRC has already started the process of acquiring the trains.According to Anand, these trains will have sensors to detect movement around the doors, enabling them to leave the station only once the door is closed. \"It would require that the system be more robust. We are, therefore, also planning to have screen doors at all the platforms of the Phase III lines.\"The technology, Anand added, has already been tested in other Metro systems like Singapore, Hong Kong and Taiwan. \"There are grades of automation \u2014 GoA 1, 2, 3 and 4. Till now, we have been using GoA 2, where a driver closes the doors and starts the train. These new trains are GoA 4, where there is no human intervention. So the train system will have to factor in all redundancies for smooth operations.\" Initially set to function as GoA 2 trains, they will run as fully automated trains within a year, he added.That's not all. These trains will also be 10% faster than the existing ones. At present, the average speed of the Delhi Metro network is around 31-32kmph, the new trains will take it to 35-36kkmph, shaving off between 15-20 minutes in each round trip. The trains are designed to accommodate more passengers as they are as wide as broad gauge trains (lines 7 and 8 are standard gauge corridors), and the driver's cabin will also make way for more commuters. Colourful, fibre-reinforced plastic seats instead of the steel ones, LED/LCD displays and a wide windscreen instead of the driver's cabin are other features.Although these trains are more expensive than the current ones, ordering a huge stock for the new phase will even out the costs. Delhi Metro is planning to acquire 486 cars for Phase III, which will add up to 81 trains of six cars each.\"The average price as noted from various contracts across the world for the existing types of cars varies from around 1.1 million euro and above and depends upon many factors. We are confident we shall be able to procure the rolling stock for Phase III within the estimated cost,\" said Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231849", "title": "Biz body calls Ranchi bandh today over trader's murder", "text": "RANCHI: The murder of a businessman, who had asked for security cover after he received threats, has sent shock waves among the traders' body which called Ranchi bandh on Monday.Sushil Kejriwal, owner of a plastic factory in Tatisilvai, was shot dead by unidentified gunmen late on Saturday evening. He had succumbed to injuries on way to hospital. The businessman was getting extortion calls for the past few months and wrote to the director general of police about it following which four policemen were deployed at his factory.The Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industry (FJhas called a daylong bandh on Monday to protest against the incident and immediate arrest of the criminals. Kejriwal was an active member of the traders' body.Jharkhand assembly speaker C P Singh has raised questions on the efficiency of the district police. \"Had the police acted effectively to catch the extortionists, this incident would not have happened,\" said Singh.An employee of Kejriwal's company Deepak Khanna, who was also injured in the incident, is recuperating at Apollo Hospital. Kejriwal was shot at when he was coming home from his factory in his car. The incident occurred at Mankidheepa locality under Tatisilvai police station. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.\"Three persons, standing on the roadside, asked Kejriwal to stop as he reached Mankidheepa railway crossing on his way home. As he stopped two men came closer and one of them fired two bullets. The bullets hit Kejriwal's chest. One of the bullets hit Khanna after passing from Kejriwal's body. Khanna, however, is out of danger,\" police said.Kejriwal lived at Shivpuri in Ratu. The car was being driven by Kejriwal himself. After the incident, Khanna informed police deployed at the plastic factory. Though the policemen chased the criminals, they escaped.The businessman used to receive extortion calls. His family member said they had informed police about the threat perception and demanded security. \"But no police security was provided to Kejriwal. Neither did police take the threat calls seriously,\" said a family member. The businessman was cremated on Sunday.Rural SP A V Minz said police got important clues in the incident. \"We are investigating the matter from all lines.\" He, however, said, \"Guards were provided to Kejriwal after he had received threat calls. The guards are stationed at his factory.\"Police have recorded the statements of Khanna and others. \"Khanna is a witness of the incident,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16227135", "title": "2 fresh cases take H1N1 tally to 318 in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The count of H1N1 positive cases in the city climbed to 318 after two more people tested positive on Sunday. Around 103 people tested positive for the viral infection last month as opposed to 151 cases that were reported in the month of July.On Sunday, a 35-year-old woman from Goregaon tested positive for the virus and was treated on an OPD basis. Another person to test positive was a 55-year-old man from Antop Hill, who had to be admitted to a private hospital. BMC's chief of epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare said that his condition was stable.The virus has been showing sings of relenting in the city but the count of positive cases is still going up in other parts of the state.So far, 746 people across the state have tested positive for the virus since April. H1N1 has also claimed 42 lives in the last five months, including two in the city.\"The fresh showers may mean a slight spurt in cases as monsoon provides a conducive atmosphere for the virus to thrive. People with underlying ailments need to be watchful. This weather is conducive for the virus to grow,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232478", "title": "Saathe Saptak movie launched", "text": "Artage Music launched their first ever album with the launch of Saptak Bhattacharya's 'Saathe Saptak' which was launched at ILSS on Friday. Arup Biswas, Minister for Youth Services, Parliamentary Affairs and Housing was the chief guest while composer and percussionist Bikram Ghosh, sarod maestro Tejendra Narayan Majumdar were special invitees. Actress Manali Dey, who is Saptak's fiance and shot to fame with 'Bou Katha Kao' was also present at the occasion.The album has 7 songs like 'Aaj Pore Gecho Mone', 'Din Jai Raat Jai', 'Chokh Bandho Khela', 'Na Bola Jato Katha' and others which have been composed by Joy Sarkar, Rathijeet Bhattacharya and Som Chakrabarty. Saptak has already sung for many Bengali films. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228359", "title": "Kiran Kumar baiters, backers in Delhi dash", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite Congress president Sonia Gandhi being out of the country, state Congress leaders, among them several ministers, who are making a beeline for New Delhi have heightened the speculation over a power struggle in the ruling party in Andhra Pradesh.Botsa Satyanarayana, the PCC president, left for the national capital in the evening on Sunday and is slated to meet a few central party leaders on Monday. Former state Congress presidents K Keshava Rao and D Srinivas are already camping in Delhi. On September 5, labour minister Danam Nagender is scheduled to lead a delegation to Delhi. \"Clearly, the pro and anti-Kiran Kumar camps have stepped up their campaigns,\" said Congress sources.While the purpose behind Botsa's Delhi visit is being projected as an exercise to revamp the party organisation in the state through appointment of district party presidents, party sources said that the PCC chief would also discuss state affairs.Botsa is scheduled to meet Sonia's political secretary Ahmed Patel and the AICC general secretary in-charge of AP, Ghulam Nabi Azad along with Vayalar Ravi , the AP Congress point-man. The visit comes amid intense speculation that his as well as Kiran Kumar's position was shaky.\"Botsa himself is going around saying there might be a possibility of the state Congress getting a new president, adding that he could become deputy chief minister; and there is a big list of contenders for the CM's chair,\" said a senior Congress leader.In the meantime, Danam has said that he was taking the delegation of AP ministers to Delhi to impress upon the Congress high command the need to check the destabilisation by effecting a change of leadership in the state. Confirming his Delhi itinerary to TOI on Sunday, Danam did say that a couple of ministers would be accompanying him but name neither.\"We know some elements in the party have launched a disinformation campaign against the CM. To counter that, we want to bring the good work done by Kiran Kumar to the high command's notice. By showing how his social schemes were doing very well in the state, we want to convince senior Congress leaders that it would be political suicide to change the CM at a time when the elections are just eighteen months away,\" Danam said.Kiran Kumar's tenure can be said to be remarkable for his and other ministers' and Congress leaders' countless visits to New Delhi. In fact, as one Congress leader notes, the CM has made more visits to the national capital than he has held cabinet meetings.\"During YS Rajasekhara Reddy's time, no minister used to visit Delhi except on official purpose pertaining to his department. The frequency of Delhi visits increased slightly under K Rosaiah and, now, it has become the order of the day,\" observed a leader.Indeed, over the coming few days, some more ministers are planning to visit Delhi to present their point of view as to the functioning of the state government and the coordination or the lack thereof between Kiran Kumar and Botsa.\"The political instability that set in with the death of YSR, in September 2009, is only intensifying by the day,\" commented one leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16227925", "title": "'Powerless' villagers block highway, torch roadways bus in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: Public wrath against unending power cuts spilled onto the roads and turned violent after residents of Ismalia village in the district torched a Haryana roadways bus, besides damaging a police gypsy and private vehicles while blocking the New Delhi-Rohtak national highway on Saturday night. The residents went berserk after they were deprived of power supply for over 10 hours. They lifted the blockade on Sunday morning following assurances from Rohtak SDM Jagdish Sharma. However, the highway was blocked again on Sunday night as power continued to elude the villagers.The commuters remained stuck in the jam for around nine hours till 6am on Sunday. They had to bear the brunt on Sunday night too.On Saturday night, the protest turned violent when villagers set afire a Haryana roadways bus and vandalized a vehicle. When the Sampla police rushed to the spot, the angry villagers assaulted them and damaged their gypsy and smashed the window panes of other vehicles.On Sunday morning, SDM reached the spot and persuaded the villagers to lift the blockade. The protesters removed the blockade on the assurance that power supply would be restored soon. But it was reimposed on Sunday night after the promises turned hollow.Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma said the police have registered a case of arson, rioting and assault on government servants against the rampaging mob.\"The case has been registered against a mob of 150 villagers, of which 15 have been identified who indulged in violence. The police have started investigation and efforts are being made to nab the accused. Vehicular traffic on the highway has been restored,\" he said.In a similar incident, protesting against power cuts, the residents of Kultana village also blocked Sampla-Beri road on Saturday. The blockade was lifted only on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226743", "title": "Nearly 2L pregnant women use free 108 ambulance service under JSSY", "text": "JAIPUR: The 108 ambulance service has been instrumental in Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna's (JSSY) success in the state as pregnant women and infants used the free service for transportation to hospitals for institutional deliveries and treatment.This year, from January to July 2012, ambulances provided transportation facility to 3.27 lakh patients in emergency situation. Out of the 3.27 lakh cases, 1.64 lakh cases were related to pregnant women transportation. Around 9,800 cases were related to abdominal pain and 51,470 were accident cases. Around 1 lakh cases were related to chest pain, heart attack and other ailments.The medical health and family welfare department claimed that the JSSY has been successful in attracting women to hospital for institutional deliveries by providing free transportation to them. Recently, UNICEF and the Indian Institute of Health Management and Research (IIHMR) had conducted a study and found that institutional deliveries have increased to 81.1% after the launch of JSSY. Earlier, the institutional deliveries were close to 70% in the state, a state government official said.According to the data of the 108 ambulance service operator Ziqitza Health Care Limited, the services were being used mostly for transportation of pregnant women especially in the rural areas.The company's senior manager (marketing) Rishi Sharma said, \"The patients made use of ambulances service for emergency services like heart attacks , road accidents, abdominal ailments, drowning and other ailments, but the ambulances were used most for transportation of pregnant women. Many women also gave birth to babies safely on the way to hospital inside ambulances as the attendants failed to call the ambulance on time.\"He said before the launch of the JSSY, the number of pregnant women transportation through 108 ambulance service was not as high as now. The women are using the service for institutional deliveries as they are getting other facilities along with transportation to the hospital free of cost.The JSSK was introduced by the state government in September to encourage institutional deliveries with an aim to reduce maternal mortality ratio and infant mortality rate. The 108 ambulances were also used for the transportation of ailing neo-natal infants. Over, 4,000 neo-natal infants had so far used free transportation of the 108 ambulance service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232834", "title": "Episodics make a comeback on TV", "text": "Two decades ago, when never-ending soap sagas didn't dictate TRPs, episodics were the flavour. Ek Kahani, Katha Sagar, Vikram Aur Betaa, Mano Ya Na Mano, Aahat et al, had fresh storylines week after week and appealed to a large chunk of the audience.The tele-viewing cycle seems to have repeated itself, as once again episodics are the flavour on prime time slots. Ever since CID and Crime Patrol started giving the required TRPs and found themselves in the top slot of the viewership charts, it was increasingly evident that the audience wanted something different from the never-ending melodrama and predictable storylines that daily soaps offered them evening, night and late night.Sony's Adalaat , which turned a year old recently, primarily meant as a weekend show and an experiment for the channel, surprised everyone by notching decent TRPs riding on the star power of Ronit Roy who single-handedly has given the show a place of its own in the top 20 shows on general entertainment channels (GECs) for the last few weeks.Star Plus' ambitious project, the episodic, Teri Meri Love Stories , an hour and half long telefilm (aired every Saturday-Sunday at 9 pm in a bid to redefine weekend viewership patterns) with a heavy duty star cast, comprising the likes of Arjun Bijlani, Karan Singh Grover, Iqbal Khan, Karan Kundra, Shilpa Anand, Mahi Vij, Avinash Sachdev, Karan Wahi, shot in picturesque locales, with the rains in the background (the only common factor in all the stories), a lilting new title track for each film, might not have started off on a great TRP high (the TRP hovers between 0.7-1.7), but crisper editing, more compact storyline (less air time, which means the audiences' interest doesn't waver) might do the trick and get more eyeballs.Lakhon Mein Ek , airing on Star Plus, Sundays, 11 am, is once again based on real life stories about people who've made a difference to lives of others and are heroes/heroines in reality too. While the TRPs aren't exactly stuff the channel would get excited about, but it's a show with a lot of heart and one that's taken on the mighty epic Ramayan being telecast at the same time on another channel!Arjun , another weekend offering (Saturday-Sunday, 8 pm) from Star Plus and 4Lions Films is a taut crime thriller with reality TV star Shaleen Malhotra as the unsmiling, toughie cop and his bunch of bumbling yet energetic sleuths, that's giving the channel reason to smile on weekends with TRPs of around 1.7.Life Ok also has its share of episodics in Savdhan India every night at 11, a series of crime stories based on real police files, with the crime thriller Hum Ne Li Shapath , a bi-weekly series which now has roped in Milind Gunaji in a stellar role.Zee TV's Fear Files, a weekend horror episodic might have begun on shaky grounds and not so impressive TRPs but, has since managed to find its numbers and is among the top 20 shows on general entertainment channels(GEC).Channel V's youth crime show, Gumraah -End of Innocence , anchored by Karan Kundra at his cryptic best is already in its second season with a grittier set of stories.While the episodic shows are yet to create a TRP frenzy, they are in their own way making channels/production houses take a closer and a serious look at programming on weekends. And who knows with time, episodics might even find favour on prime time bands during week nights and redefine viewership patterns in the long run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16231771", "title": "Panchayat leaders lament lack of power, autonomy", "text": "DHANBAD: The elected representatives of the panchayati raj institutions in Jharkhand are still without functional autonomy and power. The zilla parishad chairmen in the state are titular heads of the three tier panchayati raj system and only preside over the rural board meetings. Next meeting of the Dhanbad Zilla Parishad is scheduled on September 3.Dhanbad Zilla Parishad chairperson Maya Devi, who was sworn in on February 26, 2011 said she was yet to get powers under the Act. The executive powers are still with the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA). Deputy development commissioner of the district is managing director or chief executive officer of the DRDA and all developmental activities are executed by DRDA.Maya Devi said, \"The DDCs take all decisions of executive nature as head of the DRDA and the ZPs become irrelevant. The district planning boards headed by the guardian ministers take decisions on developmental items.\"Dhanbad Zilla Parishad vice-chairman Santosh Mahto said although the Act provided for merger of DRDA into the ZP, the provisions of the Act were not enforced. He regretted in absence of executive powers, ZPs become irrelevant. The proposals to start the works under MGNRGEA come from the villages and they can start only with the approval of the DDCs.According to the Jharkhand Panchayati Raj Act enforced through a gazette notification on May 10, 2001, the DRDA is deemed to have merged with the zilla parishad with the enforcement of section 77(B-1) of the Act. All powers, liabilities and assets, including employees and officers are automatically transferred to the ZP,the notification said.The Union rural development ministry on October 18, 2011 and November 14, 2011 told the state that several elected panchayati raj officials have complained of lack of power. The Union ministry asked the state to get the powers of the DRDA transferred to ZPs on priority basis with immediate effect. Ganesh Prasad, the director of panchayati raj of the state government, told TOI that the government had decided to keep the DRDAs alive as institutions registered under the Societies Registration Act.Last month, the elected panchayati raj representatives had held rallies at district headquarters seeking powers and authority. They have demanded implementation of the provisions under Section 77(B) in lettter and spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226501", "title": "IRDA overrules insurers' nominee for council chief", "text": "MUMBAI: Insurers have been trying to position the Life Insurance Council as an association headed by a professional secretary general. However, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) has been keen on having the body as merely a forum for the industry under the aegis of the regulator. This intent of the regulator has become apparent in the appointment of a successor to S B Mathur, who demitted office as secretary general last week. A committee comprising CEOs of insurance companies had shortlisted Ashok Shah, a former executive director of LIC, for the position. However, this was not accepted by IRDA chairman J Harinarayan, who is now skeptical about every move by the industry, and instead appointed V Manickam, former CEO of LIC Pension Fund, to the council's top post.Divestment ministry officials to get ETF primer from BSEThe government's insistence on going ahead with its divestment agenda despite unfavourable market conditions is pushing the finance ministry to opt for the exchange-traded fund (ETF) route. Under this option, a fund would be created to hold part of the government's stakes in a large number of PSUs and units would be sold to investors. The ETF route was successfully adopted by Hong Kong for the first time in 1999, after the South Asian crisis. To give top officials from the divestment ministry a better idea of the ETF route for stake sales, BSE is holding a workshop for them early next week in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227703", "title": "Generic drugs in West Bengal by Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: Generic drugs are finally set to be introduced in the state this October. These would initially be available at drug stores in government hospitals. Later, private health facilities and medicine shops will also sell them alongside branded drugs.Aimed at reducing medicine prices, the move is also expected to prevent promotion of branded drugs and break the doctor-pharmaceutical company nexus that has often been held responsible for exploiting patients. The health department will soon start preparing a list of these generic drugs.\"To begin with, generic drugs will be sold at fair price medicine shops that will come up inside government hospitals. Later, they will be available at all drug stores and private hospitals. They will be 25% to 30% cheaper than branded medicines and help ensure that drugs are not unduly promoted. This rule is followed all over the world. In fact, Rajasthan has successfully implemented a switchover to generic drugs and we will follow it,\" said Tridib Banerjee, president of the West Bengal Medical Council.The decision to prescribe and sell drugs under their generic names was taken in early 2011. It has already been sanctioned by the state medical council and the decision was supposed to be implemented last February. But it was put on hold.Prescribing generic drugs will also ensure that doctors prescribe medicines that are available at the hospital stores, Banerjee said. \"There is a tendency to prescribe drugs which have to be purchased from the market. But doctors should actually prescribe medicines which are available at the store, to the extent possible,\" said Banerjee. He added that the list of generic drugs will include all groups of medicines that are generally recommended for a wide range of medical conditions.But health officials added that it might take time to get the system moving effectively. \"We shall start with government hospitals and doctors. They will be barred from mentioning brand names unless it is deemed necessary for any particular reason. The prescription will have to mention the reason. Gradually, all doctors will come under the rule. But we have not yet set a time frame for that. Generic drugs, however, should make their way into government hospitals by this Puja,\" said Asit Biswas, director of health services.Patients will benefit once generic drugs are available, health officials believe. Apart from being cheaper than their branded counterparts, the practice of prescribing such medicines will also help to prevent over-medication, they said.But a section of doctors was skeptical about the switchover, which, they believe, must be preceded by a comprehensive plan. \"Just one drug store at government hospitals won't be able to cater to even half the patients. And outdoor patients who might prefer to buy the medicines outside the hospital won't get them if they are prescribed under generic names,\" pointed out Rezaeul Karim of the Sagar Datta Medical College Hospital.He added that spurious stuff could be pushed into the market under generic names. \"So there should be effective quality control,\" he argued. Subir Ganguly, oncologist at NRS Medical College Hospital, voiced the same concern. \"It should be ensured that doctors are not held responsible if patients get spurious drugs and treatment fails,\" said Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226519", "title": "Don\u2019t levy tax on damages payout: Panel", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has held that damages awarded in a case cannot be equated with income and are thus, not liable to attract tax deducted at source. The NCDRC passed the order while directing the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to refund the TDS it had subtracted from the compensation of Rs 2.5 lakh it paid to a couple for the death of their daughter.The NCDRC had on August 5, 2004 directed AAI to pay Dubai-based complainants Geeta and Parmanand Jethani damages of Rs 2.5 lakh after their daughter Jyotsana died while getting off an escalator maintained by the airport authority. The AAI paid the compensation but only after deducting tax and contended that since the TDS had already been deducted, the Jethanis should seek its refund from the income tax authorities.The commission said that AAI should not have deducted the TDS in the first place. \"The AAI should have merely passed on the information to the I-T department. The damages paid for the death of a person cannot be equated with income as such,\" the bench president Justice J M Malik said.The bench referred to a similar order passed in 2002 wherein it held a consumer not liable to pay TDS on the interest on the amount refunded by the Ghaziabad Development Authority. It held that the interest was paid because of deficiency of services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "korba", "code": "16227370", "title": "India's largest open cast mine in land row", "text": "KORBA: While parliament remains stalled over the CAG report on coal block allocations, a land acquisition row threatens to disrupt production at India's largest open cast coal mine. In fact, it exposes a deeper malaise that afflicts India's coal sector, where private companies, according to CAG, were given coal blocks for a pittance even as government coal companies sit on massive coal deposits.Spread over nearly 20 sq km, the Gevra mines in Chhattisgarh's Korba district are the single largest source of power grade coal in India containing more than 10,000 million tonnes of reserves that alone can meet the country's coal needs more than a decade. Since production began in Gevra in 1981, more than 400 million tonnes of coal have been shoveled out of a gigantic pit, larger than any other open cast coal mine in Asia.But reserves in Gevra's existing mining area are low and fresh land needs to be acquired urgently for expansion. In an environment assessment report, South Eastern Coalfields Limited (SECL), the government company that runs the mines, estimated an additional 1,400 acres or six sq km of farmland would be required to expand capacity to 35 million tonnes per annum.A notification for land acquisition was issued early in 2001 but over the next decade, compensation rates were not finalised, until the last shovels of coal began to be scrapped from the existing mine area, and the company rushed to announce compensation rates in accordance with Chhattisgarh's rehabilitation policy, which range from Rs 6 lakh to Rs 10 lakh per acre, depending on land fertility. But a sticking point remained: the question of jobs.\"We want jobs for everyone who is losing land to the mines,\" says Mohar Singh, a farmer in Pondi village, where ground awash with green paddy drops precipitously into a desolate valley emptied of coal. He adds, \"When the company acquired part of the village in 1981, it gave jobs to every farmer who lost land, even if it was merely two decimals of land (100 decimals equal an acre).\"\"We want the same deal,\" says 22-year-old Ravi Rathod.While SECL did not respond to email queries, officials said farmers' demands cannot be met, not just because mechanisation has shrunk mining jobs but also because the number of land owners in seven villages has bloated to nearly 4,000.Drawn by SECL's company policy of one-job-per-displaced farmer in the mid-80s, villagers fragmented their land into tiny holdings, distributed within families, and sometimes sold to outsiders. For instance, in Pondi village, 360 acres are held by 1,400 people, reducing the average size of land holding to just a quarter of an acre.As part of parent company Coal India's latest policy, SECL said it can give one job per two acres, which means only 180 people in Pondi would be eligible for it. The rest would be given livelihood compensation of Rs 5 lakh per acre, which farmers dismiss as \"paltry\". The sarpanch of the village, Saraswati Kanwar, said around 50 people have accepted the compensation package but the majority are opposed to it.Striking a more conciliatory note, Sujaan Singh, a retired government employee, says, \"It's partly our fault. We fragmented the village land by selling it to outsiders who are now taking away our jobs.\"Sarpanch Saraswati Kanwar says villagers would agree on fewer jobs if original residents, and not outsiders, are preferred for the jobs. \"But for that, the company must be willing to include us in the discussions, which it hasn't,\" she says.Activist Laxmi Chouhan points out that lack of consultation itself is a violation of the law, since the predominantly tribal villages come under the Panchayat Extension to Scheduled Areas Act, which makes it mandatory for gram sabhas to be consulted during land acquisition. Documents obtained by RTI show this was not done.The slow pace of expansion in government mines was the primary reason cited for giving coal blocks to the private sector. But, in Chhattisgarh , this has resulted in forest-rich areas being opened up for mining, even as existing areas like Gevra remain mired in conflicts. \"The truth is that the current model of coal mining is neither productive and efficient, nor socially and enviromentally responsible,\" says Chouhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232706", "title": "Shruthi joins Bachchan", "text": "Actress Shruthi has now joined the team of Uday Mehta produced 'Bachchan' starring Kiccha Sudeep in the title role.Shruthi will have an important role in the film and her shooting will commence from September 8. Shruthi had liked the role but insisted a bomb as the remuneration. The producers seems to have arrived at a price closer to her demanded remuneration.Incidentally the film's main actress Bhavana will also be joining the shooting of the film from that day. Shruthi has now joined the long list of artists who are in the film that includes well known Telugu Star Jagapathi Babu, Nasser, Ashish Vidyarthi, Ravishankar, Arun Sagar and others.This star cast is enough to make the film an attractive proposal for being dubbed into Telugu and Tamil languages for which already offers are pouring in.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16233862", "title": "Dugri roads paths of potholes", "text": "DUGRI: It's been less than a year since roads were extensively recarpeted in Dugri Phase I and II. But just one monsoon after that, the streets have developed huge potholes, making commuters' life hell.Businessman Baljeet Singh, who lives in Phase-I and has to cross many cratered road everyday to reach his office, says, ''Not just our area, even the roads in Phase-II have gone for a toss. Besides causing inconvenience and being a hazard to our spine, these potholes also leave the vehicles rattled.''He claims that residents have been calling up councillor Jaswinder Singh Bhola to share their problems with him, but allegedly he hasn't taken their calls. ''When people from the media talk to him, he claims that he will turn the area into Chandigarh. I want to tell him that he needs to provide at least quality roads in Dugri before looking towards City Beautiful for inspiration,''he adds.Baljeet also suspects that there is a nexus between the councilor and contractor. ''What else can be the reason that such poor raw material was used that it got washed away in a month, and yet nobody was taken to task,'' he asks.Another resident, Surinderpal Singh of Phase-II who drives a multi-premium vehicle, says, 'I have such a sturdy vehicle but even that doesn't help on such bad roads. During rains, the roads are hardly visible and we drive instinctively since we know the area. But what if somebody doesn't notice a huge pothole? Couldn't that lead to an accident?' Phase-I resident Gurwinder Kaur, who is a student, feels the roads are even worse than muddy paths for bullock carts in vllages. ''Within 15 days of the roads being carpeted, they were washed away due to the rains,'' she complains.Councillor Jaswinder Singh Bhola claims ''I am yet to take oath as the councillor. The roads were constructed in December and need repairs. This issue is on my priority list and once I am sworn in, I will get the repairs done''.He does not forget to add: \"Within less than a year, I will turn the area into Chandigarha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16228082", "title": "Ex-DGP of Gujarat blames cops for Naroda Patia carnage", "text": "THRISSUR: Former Gujarat police chief P G J Nampoothiri on Sunday said it would have been better if \"police action\" in the Naroda Patia massacre case of 2002 had also been investigated. Nampoothiri was speaking on the recent verdict of a special court in the matter.The special court on August 31 had convicted 32 persons in the case, including sitting BJP MLA and former minister in Narendra Modi's cabinet Maya Kodnani and former Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi. Kodnani was sentenced to 28 years' imprisonment for her role in the Naroda Patia massacre where 97 persons were killed \u2014 the bloodiest of the post-Godhra riots in 2002. Bajrangi will serve life sentence till his death. Seven among the other convicts got a jail term of 21 years.Nampoothiri was posted in Ahmedabad as the city police commissioner during 1997-98. After he retired as DGP, Nampoothiri was appointed as Special Rapporteur of the National Human Rights Commission in Gujarat. The retired IPS officer was in Gujarat as an NHRC member when the 2002 communal riots erupted.On Sunday, Nampoothiri said: \"Police had ample time to intervene in the brutal murder of 97 members of the minority community, especially women and children.\"\"Still police did nothing... if police had discharged their duties punctually, no untoward incident would have occurred in Naroda Patia,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231650", "title": "City hosps ready for flu challenge", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Alarmed over increasing cases of swine flu in the state capital, district health authorities on Sunday claimed to have equipped three government hospitals with kits to treat the patients of the said disease if any. Although, no case of swine flu has been reported from Sangam City till date, district health authorities have been cautioning the citizens to take the precautions regarding swine flu.Chief medical officer, Allahabad, Dr Padmakar Singh said, \"We have equipped our hospitals with swine flu kits to treat patients if any. Doctors have been maintaining a strict watch on development and confirmed that no such case was reported till date.\" Claiming that swine flu is an infection caused by Influenza A virus subtype H1N1 and spreads fast from infected persons through coughing and sneezing, citizens especially those travelling the affected areas have been advised to take precautions in all circumstances.Major symptoms are fever, acute cold, cough, headache, body pain and sore throat, the note added. The doctors have issued some precautionary measures including avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth, avoid close contact with people who are sick, stay inside home if you are sick, wash hands often, cover your mouth or nose with tissue/handkerchief while coughing or sneezing and stay away from large gatherings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16228687", "title": "Youth held for arranging getaway car for thieves", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 22-year-old youth who arranged a car for a five-member gang that robbed a jaggery merchant to the tune of Rs 9.25 lakh on May 30 was arrested on Sunday. The gang had sprinkled chilly powder on the merchant's face and attacked him with a sickle at Podanur railway station. The culprits then escaped to Kerala using the car arranged for them.The accused was identified as C Sunny, 22 of Azhapuzha in Kerala. Three months ago, Sunny had bought a new car and let it out on hire. His relatives Anish and Rajumon, both hailing from Azhapuzha approached Sunny and told him that they had planned to go to Coimbatore on a business trip and they wanted to hire his car in return for a payment of Rs 28,000. On 28 May, 2012, five persons visited Coimbatore in Sunny's car and five others traveled in another car to execute the robbery.On 30 May around 6.10 am, an express train which runs between Mangalore and Chennai had stopped at Podanur railway station. A 46-year-old jaggery merchant A Zaheer Hussain of Neikkaranpatti near Palani had got down from the train and was walking towards the exit. He was carrying a suitcase containing Rs 9.25 lakh, money that was collected at Thalassery, Kannur.A five member gang entered the railway station and brandishing sickles before the passengers and seized the merchant's suitcase. They threw red chilly powder on his face and attacked him with a sickle. The incident occurred at the ticket counter in full public view. The gang fled from the scene in a car.Podanur railway police had registered a case and formed two special teams led by inspectors M Lawrence and Saraswathy. The teams failed to get vital clues. Meanwhile, Calicut police recently arrested four persons Rajumon, Subash, MD Anish and Ramesh in connection with a robbery case. The latter three had also been involved in the robbery case at Podanur railway station and they confessed during the inquiry in Calicut. Two days ago, Podanur railway police was alerted by Kerala police who rushed to Calicut and conducted an inquiry with the trio.Based on the interrogation, police nabbed Sunny from Azhapuzha on Saturday night. He has been sent to judicial custody on Sunday. Police said that after the robbery, Sunny had received Rs 25,000 as fare and dropped off five of the culprits at Attapadi in Kerala. \"He helped the robbers to escape from Podanur railway station. He was arrested and his car was seized,\" said inspector M Lawrence, Coimbatore railway police station.According to police sources, the gang had followed Zaheer Hussain without his knowledge and executed the crime. Five robbers Ranjan, Shankar, Anish, Arish and Mohammed Khan are absconding. Ranjan is the master mind of the robbery. A special team has gone to Kerala to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234498", "title": "Daggubati Rana dubs for KVJ", "text": "Daggubati Rana has started dubbing for his upcoming bilingual film Krishnm Vande Jagadgurum. The actor, who shall wrap up dubbing for the first half by this weekend, will be seen as B Tech Babu while Nayanathara is playing a documentary writer in this movie.Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum will be releasing in Tamil as Ongaram and Krish, who is (Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi) is directing this action entertainer, seems to be pretty upbeat about the film. He has already directed a Tamil film \"Vaanam\", starring Simbhu, Anushka and Bharath, and it was a remake of Telugu film \"Vedam\".Krishnm Vande Jagadgurum has wrapped up the shooting part and the post production works will begin shortly. Mani Sharma is composing the music for this film and V S Gnanasekhar is the cinematographer. Y Rajeev Reddy and Saibaba Jagarlamudi are jointly producing the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226992", "title": "'Put up warning signboards near water bodies'", "text": "JAIPUR: In the wake of increasing instances of drowning in rain-fed stepwells, the district administration has directed officials to put up warning signboards at baories (stepwells), ponds and other picnic spots.Such measures in the past, however, have not yielded much result. In 2011, 15 people drowned during the rainy season, an increase from the 13 who died due to drowning in 2010 in Jaipur at various picnic spots, said police sources.The signboards warn people against going near water bodies that swell after receiving heavy showers.District collector Navin Mahajan issued directions to the police to install warning boards at all picnic spots at or around water bodies. The collector urged parents to keep an eye on children and ensure they don't go near water-fed stepwells or small rivers.Police too has been directed to keep a vigil in such areas across the city.Some of the vulnerable areas in the city are Amber Kund, Brahmpuri baori, Hathiyon ka Kund near Nahargarh, Jal Mahal and Talkatora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228491", "title": "Horticulture train fate to be decided this week", "text": "NASHIK: After having grounded the specially constructed rakes and containers of horticulture transport just after their inaugural runs, the National Horticulture Board (NHB) and Container Corporation Limited (Concor) have decided to take the project further, for which a meeting has been scheduled in the first week of September.\"Taking note of the grounded specially designed horticulture rake, the efforts to construct special containers facilitating movement of agriculture produce with minimal losses, the union ministry of agriculture along with the NHB and Concor have decided to meet on September 6, to give a better picture of the project,\" an official from NHB informed.The sources from Concor (Container Corporation India Ltd) have also confirmed that the meeting on September 6 will consider identifying pickup points for the produce and their destinations as well as the tariff structure, because at times, the rakes may run empty.The horticulture train that carried banana from Jalgaon (Bhusawal district) to New Delhi and onion from Kherwadi (Nashik) to Kolkata during its inaugural run did not receive any consignment on its return journey. The farmers and traders found the system cost-effective but the next train journey was never scheduled.Concor officials had informed that the rake was grounded. The meeting is likely to decide the fate of the train that had 90 ventilated containers, each carrying about 16 tonnes of produce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16231865", "title": "Odisha government set to log in to online files", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If things go according to plan, the Odisha government has started work to lessen paper work by creating and processing intra-department files at the state secretariat online, official sources said on Sunday.\"We have set a target to rollout the Odisha Secretariat Workflow Automation System (Oswas) project in all administrative departments by November-end,\" secretary, information technology, Madhusudan Padhi, told TOI. \"In the initial phase, we intend to have all files that end within the department on Oswas,\" Padhi added.Official sources said Oswas was conceptualized a few years back, but work had not taken off till recently. Last week, chief secretary Bijay Patnaik held a meeting with senior officers of different departments and finalized the road map to implement the project at the earliest. The general administration department, sources added, would soon come out with a circular on Oswas.Padhi said each department would be allotted a four-and-a-half days slot for training its personnel including officers and clerks to launch the project. \"By September end we hope that seven-eight departments would be on Oswas. Departments like revenue, finance, housing and urban development and health and family welfare have already trained their manpower,\" he informed.Once the project is fully implemented all files would be created on Oswas. \"Hard copies of important files, especially those that are inter-departmental nature, will also be kept,\" a senior officer said, adding, \"While the aim is to reduce paper work and make e-governance more effective, we have to keep hard copies of key files so as to ensure storage of important data.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226506", "title": "Milan flyover to be ready by February at double the cost", "text": "MUMBAI: For over 40,000 motorists using the Milan subway in Santa Cruz to travel from SV Road to the Western Express Highway (WEH) every day, the wait for a seamless, time-saving ride just got longer.Thanks to the proposed Churchgate-Virar elevated railway corridor, the scope and design of the under-construction flyover above the Milan subway has changed again, doubling the cost of the flyover from Rs 42 crore to Rs 82 crore, MMRDA officials said. The flyover, work on which started in 2008, may be ready only by February 2013.The heavy water-logging that motorists face at this subway every monsoon prompted the MMRDA to take up the project in 2008. The flyover promises to help motorists save half-an-hour of travelling time during peak hours.Initially, the project deadline was hit due to delayed permission from the railways authorities, who asked for changes in the section of the bridge passing over railway tracks. This part was then converted into a steel structure. Then, Western Railway announced an elevated rail corridor between Churchgate and Virar and decided to build it between the flyover and the existing tracks above the subway. Again, WR asked for changes in the flyover design, especially in the length of the spans above the subway, so that it could accommodate more railway tracks in future. The height of the flyover could not be raised because it fell within the airport's landing and take-off paths.\"The earlier separated steel bridge will now have joined spans with no pillar between the tracks, thus changing the scope of work. Some work was retendered, which pushed up the cost from Rs 42 crore to Rs 82 crore,\" an MMRDA official said.\"The system to launch the spans is ready but WR wants a temporary pillar to be built for safety purposes. It also doesn't allow construction during the rainy season. At this pace, we can complete the work only by February 2013,\" the official added.According to railway officials, the initial designs of the bridge by the MMRDA were to be checked by IIT experts. They said the soil testing reports of MMRDA were not matching with their samples and hence it has been asked to build a temporary pillar for girder launching looking into possible risks in the construction work. \"We are waiting for the design of the temporary pillar. Once we get it, final approval will be given for launching the girders above the tracks. We hope to start launching once the monsoon gets over,\" said a railway official.Series of unfortunate delaysDeadlinesWork started -- December 2008Initial date for completion -- December 2010Rescheduled deadlines -, December 2011 and later March 2012Now the new deadline --- February 2013Main reasons for delay :Railway permission for design and construction; height permission from airport authorities and resettlement of marble sellers along the stretchNow the railways want a temporary pillar to be built while constructing the bridge over the western railway tracks on the subway portion and wants MMRDA to carry out work only after monsoon endsCost:Rs 42 crore was the earlier cost but new estimates suggest Rs 82 crore expenses due to changed scope of work and dealyMonsoon inconvenience:Expect flooding at certain locations; sometimes traffic crawls right up to the Khar subway and towards S V roadContractor - J Kumar constructions Pvt ltdInitial delay due to railway permission as railways asked changes in the design of the bridge spans over railway tracks above Milan subway.Spans changed from earlier one concrete to two steel structures --- 40 meters and 23 metersAfter western railways announced it's own elevated raid corridor between Churchgate and Virar, it also decided to build it between the upcoming flyover and the existing tracks on the subway and once again asked for changes in designsNow the separated steel bridge will have joined spans with no pillar between the railway tracks thus again changing the scope of workThe height of the flyover could not be raised because it fell within the airport funnel and hence railways decided toFollowing the change in scope of the work separate tendering was to be done thus changing the cost from earlier Rs 43 crore to now Rs 82 croreAs per railway instructions temporary pillar construction will have to be done for launching of the spanThe entire system for launching is ready but railways do not allow any construction during rainy seasons and hence waitingHopefully by February 2013 the work should be complete", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16230393", "title": "Cost of upgrading EVMs not a deterrence: EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission conducted field trials of prototype VVPAT at five locations\u2014 Delhi, Trivandrum, Jaisalmer, Leh and Cherapunjee \u2014 last year. It was found that several improvements were required in prototype VVPAT.These improvements were made and the improved prototypes have been tested again recently at the five places. The results are being analysed . These will be examined by the technical experts committee, which will then submit the recommendations to the EC. The commission has full confidence in the non-tamperability of EVMs. The prototype VVPAT is being developed only as a measure of additional voter confidence because some parties had requested at an all-party meet on October 4, 2010, that the commission should examine the possibility of VVPAT.The commission has 14.7 lakh EVMs. These EVMs have been made at different times and, therefore, have slightly different features. There are 5.38 lakh EVMs which are compatible with VVPAT. However, older EVMs which are not compatible with VVPAT are equally tamperproof. VVPAT is being considered as an extra step to improve voter confidence. While the EC is making efforts to develop VVPAT as early as possible, it will not implement any new system in haste. The EC is trying to make it less expensive and cost effective, but cost alone should not be the criterion where electoral democracy and voter confidence is concerned.\u2014KN Bhar, Secretary, Election Commission of India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233474", "title": "Deepika has not moved out of Prabhadevi", "text": "Rumour mongers had it that Deepika Padukone had got her plush Prabhadevi home converted to her office and had moved back to her Bandra's Pali Hill home.A source close to the actress however clarified that the rumours were exactly what they were -- mere rumours. \"Deepika is very upset with these fabricated stories doing the rounds. She has no intentions of moving out of her Prabhadevi home and is happy being there.\" The source said that Deepika has really done up her home with her heart and soul.\"Deepika feels that a home reflects your personality and she has given every corner of her house a personal touch and done it up tastefully. She has spent a lot of time and energy in making it a dream home.\" The source also clarified that the Pali hill apartment continues to be owned by her.\"Deepika has not sold it. In fact it is the Pali Hill home that has been converted it into her office. She gets attached to her homes and is very particular about her property investments. At the same time she is very guarded about the privacy of her place. When she is shooting in far flung suburbs, she uses her Bandra home as it saves her commuting time,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16228819", "title": "Rengapar rehab meeting takes dramatic turn", "text": "BHANDARA: Though the Rengapar rehabilitation issue was sorted out at a meeting held in Mantralaya, it will be remembered more for the verbal faux pas by the rehabilitation minister and alleged humiliation of Rengapar's MLA by the district guardian minister. The episode may result in demand for removing the guardian minister.The meeting held on August 28 was presided over by rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam and attended by district guardian minister Ranjit Kamble, Congress MLA Anil Bawankar, BJP MLA Nana Patole, collector Shachindra Pratap Singh, executive engineer Sripad Apate, representatives from Rengapar village and officials concerned. The minister gave directives to the collector to come up with a comprehensive rehabilitation plan. The decision was taken with consensus.However, the meeting witnessed some remarks by Patangrao Kadam that stunned everybody. Referring to BJP MLA Nana Patole, the rehabilitation minister said one day he will become chief minister of the state and that he will enjoy his support. Kadam is learnt to have said \"after all Patole is a responsible BJP leader and deputy leader of the party in the state assembly\". Even Patole was taken by surprise by this remark but chose to take it a lighter vein.Moreover, though the Bhandara collector was present at the meeting, Kadam kept addressing him as Wardha district collector. Not stopping at this, during the concluding phase of the meeting, Kadam told Congress MLA Anil Bawankar that there is only one MLA of their party in the district. Bawankar explained to Kadam that he is that MLA.Bawankar was annoyed that the meeting was convened at the behest of BJP MLA Nana Patole with concurrence of guardian minister Ranjit Kamble as they are believed to be good friends. Bawankar felt since Rengapar was his assembly constituency, he should have been consulted but was deliberately being sidetracked. While registering his protest with the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on the telephone, Bawankar told him that he will resign if the guardian minister, who is also a Congressman, continues this humiliating treatment.It is learnt that the CM rung up Kadam and told him to settle the matter between Kamble and Bawankar. However, instead of taking both of them to another chamber, Kadam raised this topic during the meeting itself. Bawankar, who felt further humiliated, decided to demand removal of the guardian minister. In the coming week, he and Congress workers will be approaching the party higher ups as well as the chief minister in this regard, said sources.Later, a meeting of the district planning committee was held on Saturday, which was presided over by guardian minister Ranjit Kamble. Throughout the meeting he was apparently trying to appease Bawankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228953", "title": "Man fills tank, attacks petrol pump staffer seeking bill", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After getting the fuel tank and two extra cans filled with diesel at a petrol station, a man who was driving a Tavera got so irked when a petrol pump employee asked him to pay the bill that he caught hold of the staffer and dragged him for 200 metres before pushing him out at a roundabout on Saturday night.The unidentified man who was driving the MUV dragged Sunil Kumar, 25, an employee of Amar Filling &amp; Service Station in Sector 39 till the sectors 39/40/55/56 roundabout, where he threw him out.The accused, a turbaned man, was apparently in his 30s. And when he drove into the petrol station he looked like any innocuous person driving in to get fuel, but then he suddenly behaved in a bizarre and brutal manner. The incident took place around 10.45pm when Sunil asked the man at the wheel of the MUV to pay Rs 5,310, the cost of the fuel, but he suddenly caught hold of his right hand and pressed the accelerator.Gaganjot Singh, the owner of the filling station said, \"The man held on to Sunil's hand for more than 200 meters, dragging him on the road till the roundabout of sectors 39 and 40, where he let go of him.\"Gaganjot was inside his cabin at the petrol pump and he chased the Tavera in his personal vehicle but the MUU driver managed to escape. The injured Sunil was rushed to Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMSH), Sector 16 by Gaganjot, who informed the police, making a call to the police control room. Sunil, who received bruises all over his body suffered internal injuries in his back. Police have registered an FIR against the unidentified occupant of the MUV at the Sector 39 police station.In his statement to the police, Sunil said, \"After I filled the fuel tank and two cans, I asked for Rs 5,310 from the man driving the MUV, but he caught hold of my hand and started driving. The former also abused and threatened him with dire consequences, while asking him how dare he demanded money from him.\" Sunil was discharged from GMSH in the wee hours of Sunday. A case has been registered at the Sector 39 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16232651", "title": "Indian-Americans open up wallets for Obama; little for Romney", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Indian-American community, having the highest per capita income among the ethnic communities in the US, appears to have opened up its wallet for the Obama Campaign, but its contribution is far less than that of 2008.The Mitt Romney campaign, which last week at Republican National Convention wooed the community by inviting a record number of Indian-Americans to address the event, does not appear to have been successful in getting a pie into the Indian-American money bag, the list of major Romney donors available from open source documents indicate.Florida-based Dr Akshay Desai appears to be the only Indian-American to have raised more than USD 1 million for the Romney campaign, which unlike the Obama Campaign, has remained very secretive in revealing the list of its major donors.Desai has been named as Romney's \"stars and stripes\" - the small group of top fund raiser for the campaign.He is also the only Indian-American serving on the Romney national finance team. In fact, he was also a Romney bundler (major fund raiser) in his previous presidential bid in 2008.\"Republican Party donor base at all levels is very motivated and energized. I am very confident that we will out raise President Obama in the month of August and every month leading up to November election. We will match and surpass president Obamas goal to have raised one billion dollars. We are confident that we will have resources to get our voice out to the public and win the election on strength of our ideas,\" Desai told PTI.If Desai is the only major Indian-American donor for the Romney campaign, the list of bundlers made public by the Obama campaign names nearly half a dozen who have raised between half a million to one million US dollars.Major Indian-American bundlers as released by the Obama Campaign are Rajiv Fernando (Chicago), Shefali Razdan Duggal (San Francisco), Reshma Saujani (New York), Raj Goyle (New York), Kamil Hasan (Saratoga in California) and Ajita Razi (California).Eminent Indian-American author and physician Dr Deepak Chopra has raised between USD 100,000 and USD 200,000 for the Obama campaign, so does Kavita Tankha (Los Altos Hills in California) and Girish Reddy (Jersey City in New Jersey).Among other major Indian-American donors are Maneesh Goyal (New York), Anu Duggal (New York), Didi Saluja (New York), Amy K Singh (Illinois) and Shelly Kapoor Collins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16228468", "title": "AH&VS; job losers to go on hunger strike from today", "text": "PONDA: Alleging that change in government has brought injustice to them, 140 job losers from the animal husbandry and veterinary services (AH&VS;) department have announced in Ponda that they will go on an indefinite hunger strike from Monday.The 140 people include about 70 job losers from Ponda and surrounding areas who met on Sunday and resolved to go on a hunger strike at Azad Maidan, Panaji , in which all the job losers would participate.Former Ponda MLA and then AH&VS; minister Ravi Naik has also extended his support to them. Ravi along with Congress' Ponda block president John Pereira, Curti-Khandepar panchayat member Narendra Parab, Mohandas Tari and Bhupesh Kamat alleged that the present government has denied them justice as they had joined duty before the general election was officially declared. They also alleged that they were not paid for the 17 days service they had rendered.Kamat revealed that the job losers include peons, labourers and bull attendants. They had joined duties on December 24 morning. (On the same day in the afternoon, elections were declared). All of them received letters from the department on January 9, 2012, informing them that their appointments were kept in abeyance since the assembly elections were declared. They were also told that they will be reinstated soon after the election.\"However, the new government that took over the reins of the state, declined to reinstate them. They are now 'jobless' for last six months and the strike will continue until our demand to reinstate us in service is met,\" Bhupesh Kamat told media persons in Ponda on Sunday.Former minister Naik criticized a remark by Wilfred Mesquita who allegedly said that the test papers regarding recruitment of such workers were leaked and thus they cannot be taken in service.\"All the jobs were of D class which need no written or oral test to recruit such workers. Thus Mesquita should refrain from misguiding people,\" Naik said. He said the jobs were approved by the then cabinet and also had financial approval and thus all of them were legally recruited to the jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228882", "title": "4 boys shortlisted for Manchester United camp", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It could be a dream for any young footballer to get trained under the guidance of expert coaches of Manchester United in Old Trafford , Greater Manchester, but it's not easy to reach there. The competition is extremely tough and the high cost of boarding, lodging and training is another deterrent.However, giving a chance to under-16 footballers from the region -- Chandigarh, Punjab, Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir -- trials were conducted to select four talented players. These players would compete with 48 other players, who are selected from 15 cities, to win a week-long training camp with Manchester United in October this year. Players from different backgrounds participated in the trials.This initiative to hunt for local talent is the endeavour of a telecom company, Airtel , in association with Manchester United, a football club in the UK.This talent hunt would cover 16 cities across India.\"The participating boys were put through various trial phases under the guidance of five coaches-cum-selectors, who had selected 119 boys out of around 1,300 boys, who gave trials on August 31 and September 1. These 119 boys again competed on Sunday and four best players (three footballers and one goal-keeper) were selected,\" said Shishir Kumar, CEO-upper north of the telecom company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226951", "title": "Auto driver held for sodomy bid", "text": "MUMBAI: Alert beat marshalls nabbed an auto driver while he was trying to sodomize a minor boy at Aarey Colony in Goregaon on Sunday.The accused, Rajkumar Singh, stays in the same neighbourhood as the victim. \"The boy resides with his mother and sister in Goregaon (E). His mother works in a private company and father is based in Delhi. On Sunday morning, Singh lured the boy with chocolates and money and took him to a desolate stretch in Aarey,\" a police official said.\"The boy started screaming for help when Singh began sodomizing him. Hearing the cries, two beat marshalls, who were patrolling at Aarey, rushed to spot. They saw that Singh was trying to flee. The cops chased and arrested him,\" the official added. Singh was then taken to the Vanrai police station. He has been booked under Section 377 of the IPC for unnatural sex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "strap ", "code": "16228668", "title": "Choked on the road", "text": "STRAP : Lack of maintenance, illegal encroachment and difficulty in collecting toll make the 3km stretch between Athupalam Toll Plaza and Ukkadam bus stand an ordeal to drive throughCoimbatore: The stretch between Athupalam Toll Plaza and Ukkadam Bus Stand has become a nightmare for motorists driving into the city from Pollachi and Palakkad, largely because of the incompetence of the private agency entrusted with the task of toll collection. Lack of regular maintenance works has rendered the 3km stretch an ordeal to drive through. Though the road is close to the bunds of Ukkadam Lake, illegal construction activities thrive on one side making further widening of the road virtually impossible. Promises to build a road over-bridge between Ukkadam and Athupalam to decongest traffic remain only on paper.According to motorists plying on this stretch, the toll plaza is virtually choking with traffic during peak hours. People are struck in traffic for hours together due to toll collection for vehicles coming in from other districts and public transport buses and trucks. Local vehicles no longer pay toll, to protest the failure of the private agency to conduct maintenance works. There are occasions when the staff deployed by the agency use abusive words against motorists who refuse to pay toll. Gridlocks during peak hours delay children from getting to school on time. The area is home to at least five schools.The approval to collect toll was given to the private agency after it constructed a bridge across a small stream passing through the stretch. As one side of the road from the plaza to Ukkadam hosts the famous Ukkadam Lake, widening is possible on this side. On the opposite side, there are severe restrictions on construction works as it is ecologically sensitive, forming a part of the Kurichi wetlands. However, several traders including a vehicle showroom have made permanent constructions violating all applicable laws. Soon after coming to power, the Jayalalithaa government had announced a bridge from Ukkadam to Athupalam, but it remains only on paper.Both the arterial roads to Pollachi and Palakkad form a junction near Athupalam and the plaza constitute the only entry point to the city for people from Palani, Udumalpet, Pollachi, Kuniamuthur, Ettimadai, Walayar and Palakkad. It is also the main gateway to people from Kerala entering Tamil Nadu.L&T;, which is in-charge of the plaza, maintains that it not wish to invest in upgrading the roads as it no longer collects toll from motorists with local number plates. Non-residents often complain of discrimination against them. \"Toll cannot be selectively collected,\" said A Manikandan, a driver from Kanjikode near Palakkad. \"Traffic is choked from morning till night. We are fed up,\" said J Hakeem, a resident of Kovaipudur.In 1998, L&T; and the highways department signed an MoU allowing the private operator to construct a road on a build-operate-transfer basis. The agreement to build a bridge in Athupalam and a bypass road will lapse in 2018. A 27-km bypass road was laid from Nelumbur junction to the Madukkarai-Palakkad Road junction. The road was completed in 2001 and toll has been collected since then from both the bypass road and Athupalam Bridge.The collection from the bypass road is meager when compared to the expenses incurred. That is why the company had undertaken the bridge works in Athupalam, where there are thousands of vehicles to collect toll. It is all part of the mindless privatization of roads and bridges happening across the country,'' says M Mohammed Abubacker of PUCL.Two different cases are pending before the Delhi high court against L&T; and its road privatization works in Coimbatore. Until, a verdict is reached, the toll gate in Athupalam is unlikely to be removed. One of the cases was filed by the Lorry Owners Association and the other by the union government.A Raja, assistant engineer, state highways department, said that the road cannot be taken over from L&T; until 2018 or a verdict is reached in the Delhi high court. Despite repeated efforts, L&T; officials in the city and their headquarters have refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228576", "title": "AAAG fires debate, attacks Parrikar on casinos", "text": "PANAJI: Aam admi aurat against gambling (AAAG), a NGO, alleged that all political parties oppose the casinos when they are in the opposition parties, but legislate in their favour when they are in power.AAAG has decided to oppose the amendment to the Goa Gambling Prevention Act, which legalizes illegal offshore casinos in Goa's inland rivers. It will discuss the future course of action at a meeting on Thursday, September 7, 2012, in the city.As opposition leader, Manohar Parrikar came out on the streets, opposing casinos but now as CM, he passed legislations in casino owners's favour without discussing the draft with the opposing stakeholders. Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, who is critical of casinos, also did not support the NGO's demand to repeal the Congress party government's amendments to the act to permit casinos, Sabina Martins of AAAG stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227426", "title": "Coalgate: Many private firms not capable of mining, says ex-coal secretary had told CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has defended the delay by some private companies in starting mining in blocks allotted to them by blaming lack of various statutory clearances. But this argument runs contrary to what the coal ministry had told the Comptroller and Auditor General during its exit interview on the coal reports when asked why these blocks, allotted in a rush to step up production, remained unmined.Then coal secretary Alok Perti, during the exit interview of the ministry with top CAG officials on February 9, 2012, had said the private companies lacked expertise to mine and their attempt to find a foreign partner failed as these firms wanted a stake in the coal produced which was not allowed by the ministry for lack of such provision under the captive consumption agreement.\"There was lack of expertise in the private sector for mining and foreign parties were reluctant to come unless they were provided a part of the coal production,\" Perti told CAG officials, giving reasons why many of the 57 private companies in question had failed to start operation. In fact, sharing of coal was not allowed under allotment of mines for captive consumption.This admission points to lack of due diligence on companies that were allocated vital national resources - many of them were not competent to be allocated mines since they had no expertise in mining and had not provided any assurance how they will achieve this task once mines were allocated to them.With the opposition demanding a response from the government on the due diligence adopted for applicants, it will be difficult for the coal ministry to explain how the allocations served the purpose of augmenting coal supplies for captive plants, the ground on which mines were allocated.Private companies were allocated coal blocks for captive use to facilitate capacity addition for power generation in the country. The allocations were done on the recommendation of the Energy Coordination Committee, under the Prime Minister's Office, which was of the view that capacity increase would help in enhancement of power generation. Thus, private companies were favoured with new blocks over public sector undertakings. In some cases, even blocks were de-allocated from PSUs and given to private companies.On another specific query during the exit interview whether there were issues relating to coordination with other ministries which affected augmentation of production of coal, the then coal secretary said better coordination with the power ministry was required. He also suggested online application for various statutory clearances like environmental and forest ones that would further cut down on delays and facilitate speedy approval.Under attack from the opposition, the government is in the process of reviewing mine allocations to companies that have defaulted on starting operation. De-allocations of these mines are not ruled out with the Inter-Ministerial Group on coal meeting on Monday to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16233920", "title": "Maharashtra ATS identifies 3 more suspects in 2006 arms haul case", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Police's anti-terrorism squad today told the special MCOCA court here that they have zeroed-in on three more suspects in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case and have to arrest them with the help of 26/11 key handler Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.One of the person identified is a tempo driver, the ATS told the court.When special judge S M Modak asked Jundal whether he has a defence counsel or he needs an advocate from legal aid panel, Jundal said he will have to talk to his parents in this regard.Further, the court directed that ATS officers will go to Jundal's parents and tell them that if they want to meet him, they can come to Mumbai at their own expense.However, the court told Jundal that he will not discuss anything about the Aurangabad arms haul case, the 26/11 case, in which he was arrested earlier, and interrogation, with his parents. If he discusses, he will not be permitted to talk to his parents at all, the judge said.\"You can meet your parents only for 10 minutes in the presence of ATS officers,\" judge Modak told Jundal.The court also remanded Abu Jundal to ATS custody till September 10.On May 8, 2006, a Maharashtra ATS team had chased a Tata Sumo and an Indica car on Chandwad-Manmad highway near Aurangabad and arrested three terror suspects and seized 30 kg RDX, 10 AK-47 assault rifles and 3,200 bullets.The Indica was allegedly driven by Jundal, who managed to give police the slip. Hailing from Beed district of Maharashtra, Jundal then allegedly drove to Malegaon and handed over the vehicle to an acquaintance.In May 2006 itself, Jundal escaped to Bangladesh from where he fled to Pakistan on a fake passport obtained with the help of LeT operatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233161", "title": "'I am fascinated with the Abhisarika'", "text": "... Says artist Parul Shah as she talks about her latest exhibition that is an emotional extravaganza of loveEthereal is one of the words that come to mind when we see Parul Shah's works. Her latest exhibition, titled Abhisarika, depicts women who go to meet their lovers secretly. These women have four features says the artist \u2014 Abhilasha: who constantly thinks about the time when she would meet her beloved; Swapna Darshan: Her dreams are only flooded with him. All she can see is him; Smruti: Her memories are incomplete without him. She keeps on remembering and cherishing all of them; Chintan: She is so deeply in love with her beloved that even in her unconscious mind she craves to meet him. Parul's paintings portray all these emotions of the women.For Parul, the Abhisarika is a woman who is mysterious and attractive and that is what mesmerised her. The artist explains, \"My fascination is towards the Abhisarika. I got this subject from the book, Rasikapriya, written by poet Keshavdas. Abhisarika is a Sanskrit word, which refers to the lady who leaves her home, who sets aside her modesty and secretly travels to meet her lover.\"That Parul is a self-taught artist is evident from her works that have a simplicity and naivete not seen in professional works. Her choice of colours works for her \u2014 there are bright primary colours like blues, yellows and reds that make her canvas attractive. Parul's depiction of the beautiful female form is what scores \u2014 the fluidity of their movements, the sensual stances make her work interesting.The exhibition will be on till September 3 at the Nehru Centre Art Gallery (AC), Discovery of India Building, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli from 11 am to 7 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227678", "title": "Crowd clashes with cops in Mayur Vihar-III, buses torched", "text": "NEW DELHI: A violent clash broke out between a 300-strong mob and police personnel near Mayur Vihar Phase III after a biker who reportedly violated traffic rules was allegedly hit by a cop. The man, who police claim was drunk, was stopped for not wearing a helmet. As he tried to flee, a policeman pushed him off the two-wheeler and beat him with a stick, claimed witnesses. However, cops denied the claims, saying that the biker had rammed into police barricades under the influence of alcohol. The injured biker was rushed to a hospital. Cops said one person died in the incident.Eight people have been detained in the connection. The crowd swelled to around 1,000 by night and around 17 people were injured.The riot-like situation began around 6.30pm on Sunday amid rumours in the area that the biker, a Khoda Village resident, had been run over by a car after being pushed by the cop. A large crowd gathered at the spot and began shouting slogans against police. The angry mob pelted stones at cops, vandalized the police post located near two schools and damaged barricades and police vehicles. Over six vehicles \u2014 including a DTC low-floor bus and a Metro feeder bus were set on fire. At least three taxis and cars parked near the MIG and SFS flats were extensively damaged. A CNG station was also burnt.The violence triggered panic in the area and cops called for back up. Personnel from four stations \u2014 New Ashok Nagar, Ghazipur, Kalyanpuri and Mayur Vihar \u2014 rushed to the spot and resorted to lathi-charge to restrain the crowd. Tear gas shells were fired and fire tenders were rushed to the spot.Cops believe some youths from Khoda Colony could have initiated the violence. Their role is being probed. A case is likely to be registered against unidentified youths for damaging public property and rioting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231593", "title": "Malaria strain behind rise in kidney ailments in Jharkhand: Doctors", "text": "RANCHI: Doctors in Jharkhand have linked high incidence of renal failure in the state with malaria falciparum, a particular strain of malaria prevalent in this part of the country, and have expressed concern over the lack of preparedness on the part of the government and private medical institutions in case of an epidemic.While the premiere medical institution of state, Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS) in Ranchi has no super-speciality department for treating problems related to the kidney, there are only five qualified nephrologists in the state and most renal cases are dealt by general physicians in both government as well and private medical institutions.Dr A K Mahato, head of department of medicine at RIMS, admitted that a large number of patients suffering from various renal disorders visit the hospital every day. \"At present, the hospital has four dialysis machines and there is a long queue of patients. We are in the process of procuring and installing more machines. Some new machines will be installed shortly,\" he said.When asked about the reason for increase in the number of kidney-related ailments in the state, Mahato said though diabetes and hypertension affect renal functions, the bulk of the new cases is directly linked with malaria and food adulteration. \"Malarial infection involves the brain and the kidney. If left untreated, it often affects the kidney more,\" he said, adding that various dyes used in colouring vegetables and other food items also affects normal functioning of the kidney, leading to renal failure in some cases.Dr Ghanashyam Singh, nephrologist at Apollo Hospital in Ranchi, said that since renal disorders do not have symptoms for early detection, most cases reach doctors when they are advanced stages. \"Neither the government nor private medical institutions have any facility or awareness about detecting renal problems early. A renal profile is essential if a patient has been infected with malaria falciparum,\" he said.Singh said that more than 30,000 dialysis procedures and 65 kidney transplants have been performed at their hospital over the past few years. When asked if early detection of renal infection can prevent kidney failure, Singh said medication helps prolong the life of infected kidney depending upon the stage in which the ailment is diagnosed. \"If detected in the third stage, a patient can be advised medication that delays the need for dialysis,\" he said.Narendra Sinha, doctor of medicine at Apollo, said chances of recovery of the kidney in case of being affected by malarial infection are higher if properly diagnosed. \"In case of malaria, early and proper treatment can avert chances of renal issues. Unfortunately, most malarial cases in Jharkhand are ignored set aside follow up diagnosis of kidney and its condition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231687", "title": "Weeds threatening heritage building at Allahabad University to be uprooted soon", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Alarmed by the increasing instances of tree roots emerging from cracks developed in various buildings of Allahabad University, varsity authorities would soon be initiating a marathon exercise to weed out these roots and thereby protecting the heritage building of the 125-year-old university.Elaborating on the problem, Gauhar Hussain, garden supervisor of AU, said, \"These are most readily available near the soil surface, where precipitation infiltrates the soil and oxygen from the atmosphere diffuses into the porous soil. And when space is available, these roots can spread up to two to three times further. Tree roots often cause damage to structures, pavements, and utilities.\"Although such roots and trees can be seen at various places at AU, some of the important buildings which are affected by these roots include the famous Vizanagaram dome which is among the heritage buildings of AU and restoration of which is on the cards. Similarly, the building housing various department such as Mathematics, Physics, Defence Studies etc, department of Zoology, Chemistry, Botany, Ancient History, Hindi, Geography and many others. The weed menace is also damaging the building popularly called Darbhanga Hall, constructed around a century ago and housing all the important offices of AU, be it registrar's office, exam section, accounts and various other sections managing the routine working of AU. Thick trees with strong roots can be seen coming out from various places of this building.\"Such roots not only diminishes the beauty of these buildings but also damages the structure\", said an official of AU's engineering section. He further said, \"When a team of renowned experts visited AU to restore Vizanagaram Hall of the science faculty, they suggested a comparably low cost method of weeding out these roots from buildings after which we have decided to initiate the exercise of putting the chemical in these cracks and the results are very encouraging.\"The engineering section of AU has requested the authorities to provide backup of two gardeners and the engineering section would put the chemical in these cracks, the only problem is the weather condition. While applying the chemical, it has to be bright sunny, as cloudy and rainy weather would not let the chemical work. Thus now when the conditions are favourable, the engineering section would start the exercise of weeding out the unwanted roots and trees from all the buildings of AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16232038", "title": "Demand for revival of students union in Banaras Hindu University gains currency", "text": "VARANASI: With various universities and colleges in the state opting for student union polls, the demand for such a body at the Banaras Hindu University is also gaining ground. The students union of BHU was dissolved in February 1997 after large-scale violence on the campus during the election process. Almost a decade later, the first student council of BHU, also first of its kind in India, came into existence in October 2007.In October 2011, the existing student council (SC) came into being with revamped and more democratic look. This time, a democratic election process was adopted in which all students were given opportunity to elect their representatives at the department level. The elected representatives then elected candidates at faculty level and later they chose the candidate to become secretary.Earlier, the formation of SC witnessed automatic selection of faculty toppers who met other criteria like age limit and merit, as per the recommendations of Lyngdoh Committee for establishment of student body in educational institutions.Now, when there are indications about the possibility of student union elections in state universities, the local students associated with different student organisations are also polarizing with the demand of the restoration of student union in BHU. Raising their voice, the students have started holding meetings, carrying out processions and conducting signature campaigns. Recently, four students were arrested on the campus and later released.The Lyngdoh committee recommends that the universities and colleges across the country must ordinarily conduct elections for the appointment of students to student representative bodies. Where the atmosphere of the campus is adverse to conduct peaceful, free and fair elections, the university, its constituent colleges and departments must initiate a system of student representation based on nominations, especially where elections are being held at present.It would be advisable, however, not to base such nomination system on purely academic merit, as is being practiced throughout the country.In cases where elections are not being held or where the nomination model prevails, the nomination model should be allowed to continue for a limited period of time. It may be noted that the nomination system suffers from several flaws and must only be resorted to as an interim measure.All institutions must, over a period of five years, convert from the nomination model to a structured election model that may be based on a system of parliamentary (indirect) elections or on the presidential (direct) system or a hybrid of both. It is highly desirable that all institutions follow this mechanism of gradual conversion, especially for privately funded institutions that prefer a status quo.The report says that all institutions must conduct a review of the student representation mechanism.The first review may be conducted after a period of 2 years of the implementation of the mechanism and the second may be conducted after the third or the fourth year.The primary objective of these reviews will be to ascertain the success of the representation and election mechanism in each individual institution so as to decide whether or not to implement a full-fledged election structure. These reviews will be based on a consideration of suggestions of all stakeholders such as students, faculty members, administration, student bodies and parents.Another issue for the consideration of the Lyngdoh committee was the manner of student bodies that may be permitted to represent students. It was generally felt that organizations such as NSUI, ABVP and others had a tendency, more often than not, to unnecessarily politicize the election process.The involvement of these organizations in student elections leads to the creation of rival factions, which, in turn, leads to the subservience of the ultimate goal of democratic student representation. Additionally, there seems to be a widespread confusion as to the hierarchy of student bodies in universities.In this regard, the committee recommends that subject to the autonomy of the universities in respect of the choice of the mode of election, all universities must institute an apex student representative body that represents all students, colleges and departments coming under the university. In the event that the university is geographically widespread, individual colleges may constitute their own representative bodies, which would further elect representatives for the apex university body.The union/representative body so elected shall only comprise of regular students on the rolls of the institution. No faculty member, nor any member of the administration shall be permitted to hold any post on the executive of such representative body, nor allowed to be a member of any such representative body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "16228022", "title": "Regional parties\u2019 rise needs research: Judge", "text": "DARBHANGA: \"Regional parties are growing while national parties are weakening. Does it augur well for the country? It must be researched and debated by the political scientists of the country. At what point federalism and regionalism should be controlled under constitutional provision needs immediate attention of experts. There are laws to govern individuals, industrialists and others. However, there is no law to run a political party. Should there be a law as to how political parties should conduct themselves also needs debate and research by scholars,\" observed Patna High Court judge Shiv Kirti Singh while releasing two books `Democracy in India: Challenges and prospects' and `Indo-Nepal foreign policy' in the PG department of political science, Lalit Narain Mithila University (LNMU), on Saturday.Addressing teachers at the function presided over by LNMU VC Samrendra Pratap Singh, Justice Singh, said laws do not operate if there is lack of morality in society. Morality should start from an individual, from a family and from every section of the society. If everything is conducted with morality then there will no problem for democracy. Regionalism becomes the enemy of democracy if someone from somewhere in this country opposes coming of the people from other area to his area.Justice Singh said importance of a buffer state like Nepal cannot be ignored. Such a buffer state between two giant nations India and China, should prosper. LNMU VC Singh delivering his presidential address said political scientists should do research in the areas suggested by Justice Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16228369", "title": "GCDA website to wear a new look soon", "text": "KOCHI: The official website of Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) will soon wear a new look with advanced features.The GCDA is drafting plans to rope in young professionals to redo its official website and make it an interactive web portal.Unlike the existing website www.gcdaonline.com, the new site will incorporate features like separate links for citizens to interact with officials, and also to obtain and check data on the status of various projects implemented by the authority.Speaking on the plan, GCDA chairman N Venugopal said, \"Some youngsters have come forward with ideas to improve the website and make it more user-friendly. The GCDA is happy to welcome ideas from public on various features that need to be incorporated in it.\"He said though no amount has been earmarked for the redo, sufficient funds will be provided as and when the proposal get going.The chairman dismissed the practice of giving the task of reworking website to a government agency. \"In case we get a private organization to work on the project at a lesser cost, GCDA will opt for it. The authority does not want to compromise quality and efficiency,\" he said. The agency will consider options like providing reference numbers to people who register complaints and grievances through the site. Citizens will be able totrack the status of their complaints and action taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "istanbul (turkey)", "code": "16234484", "title": "Indian men to take on Israel in Chess Olympiad", "text": "ISTANBUL (TURKEY): After missing back-to-back victories against higher-ranked USA and England in the last two rounds, Krishnan Sasikiran and his team-mates have their task cut out when they take on Israel in the sixth round of the 40th Chess Olympiad.It has been a decent outing for the Indian men team which could have been much better had Sasikiran not lost from a drawn position against Hikaru Nakamura of United States or if Parimarjan Negi had converted his advantage against Nigel Short in the fifth round match against England.Yet, the team has performed much above expectation and the credit for that goes to the form of P Harikrishna and Abhijeet Gupta who have been outstanding on board two and four.The Indian men currently hold the joint fifth spot with eight match points out of a possible ten. Russia and Armenia share the lead with a perfect score of ten points having won all their matches while Azerbaijan and Croatia are in close pursuit of the leaders a point behind.For each win a team is given two points while a draw fetches one point to both teams involved. Six rounds still remain in the biggest chess spectacle with a record participation of 158 nations.In the match against Israel the top four Indians will play again. Boris Gelfand, who lost the last world championship against Viswanathan Anand , dons the top board for Israel and he will meet Sasikiran.Harikrishna will take on Emil Sutovsky, Parimarjan Negi will have to tackle an off-form Maxim Rodshtein while Abhijeet Gupta has a tough nut to crack in famous theoretician Boris Avrukh on the fourth board.In the women's Olympiad being held simultaneously, the Indian eves came crashing down against China by a huge 0.5-3.5 margin and this has serious hampered their chances. With seven points in their bag, the Indian girls share the 17th spot and will meet Germany in the next round.Russia is the sole leader in this section with 10 points while China, Serbia, Poland and Slovakia share the second spot a full point adrift.With 3.5 points from four games against opposition that includes former world championship challengers such as Alexander Beliavsky and Gata Kamsky, Harikrishna has clearly contributed the most and if his form is any indication, he is likely to join the 2700 ELO rating club by the time the Olympiad ends.Abhijeet Gupta is the only Indian who has played all five games and the rest day before the sixth round came as a much needed breather for the current national champion. Gupta has contributed four points from his five games so far.Sasikiran has scored two out of four games while Negi has 2.5 points under his name from same number of games. GN Gopal has played just three games and scored two points. Sasikiran, Negi and Gopal have slightly underperformed than their current ratings.Among the Indian women, Tania Sachdev has been the lone silver lining winning four and losing one in the five games she has played so far.D Harika has scored 2.5 from her four games, Eesha Karavade has been able to muster just 2.5 from her five while on lower boards Mary Ann Gomes and Soumya Swaminathan have scored below their ratings as well.The team is seriously missing the services of country's top player Koneru Humpy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16234420", "title": "Intex launches Aqua 4.0 mobile phone at Rs 5,490", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to tap the growing demand for smartphones in small cities, homegrown mobile handset maker Intex Technologies will launch five new devices priced below Rs 10,000 by October this year.The company would also launch five new tablet PCs in the current fiscal.\"Smartphones is an evolved category in India for multinationals but it was a slow paced game for domestic companies. Off late, consumers have started taking note of domestic smartphones which clearly indicates that the market has opened up for companies like Intex,\" Intex Technologies GM (Mobile Business) Sanjay Kumar told reporters.Intex made a foray into the smartphone space last week with the launch of AQUA 4.0. However, its competitors like Micromax and Karbonn have already entered the segment.The company believes that \"this is the best time to enter into smartphone market\".Intex would be targetting tier 2 and tier 3 cities, where it has a strong presence, for the sales of its devices.\"We have always seen tier 2 and 3 cities as the potential market for any of our businesses. These remain strong markets for smartphones category as well. There is an upsurge in demand for smartphones in cities particularly with population above 5 lakhs and we are aggressively tapping these markets through new launches,\" he added.Intex AQUA 4.0 is priced at Rs 5,490. The company would be launching five new models by the end of current quarter between the price range of Rs 5,000-10,000.It is aiming revenues of Rs 400 crore from mobile business in 2012-12 and expects 20 per cent of this to come from smartphones. \"We are working towards achieving this number by launching new gadgets and expanding our after sales service,\" Kumar said.According to a CyberMedia study, smartphone sales in the country increased by 87 per cent to 11.2 million units in 2011 from 6 million units in 2010 compared to seven per cent year-on-year growth in the feature phones category.Over 150 smartphone models by more than 30 vendors were launched during 2011.Intex has a distribution network with 100 super distributors, 500 distributors and over 13,000 retail partners in India.\"Intex is focusing on expanding channels. By the end of the financial year, we aim to double the number of our retail partners,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16231977", "title": "Resentment growing over poor sanitary conditions", "text": "VARANASI: Despite the tall claims of the officials of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) regarding the removal of garbage from the city area, resentment is brewing among locals in many interior localities.While huge quantity of garbage has been removed from the main roads of the city, the interior localities like Bakariabad, Jaitpura, Beniabagh, Sonia, Bazardiha, Rewari Talab, Sonarpura are still struggling with poor sanitary conditions. The locals of Bakariabad were so annoyed with poor hygiene prevailing in the locality that few residents themselves took charge and burnt the heap of garbage that was lying neglected in the area for a long time.At the same time, residents of Raniya Mohal area showed their anger by burning the effigy of municipal commissioner under the banner of a social organisation Lok Chetna on Sunday. It is noteworthy that after almost 10 days since VNN resumed garbage collection work, a major part of the city is still facing the threat of heavy load of garbage and domestic waste.Similar situations were also observed at Sonia, Beniabagh, Aurangabad, Kashi Vidyapeeth road. According to nagar health officer, BK Singh, so far around 3800 MT garbage has been removed after A2Z, the private company engaged in garbage collection stopped working on August 22. \"Started with 42 MT garbage initially, we are now collecting 600 to 700 MT garbage every day.All the regional collection centres (RCC) placed at 18 different places were blocked with garbage. The strategy was to clean the RCC and already overloaded dust bins first. Massive cleanliness drive is still on progress and now that most of the RCC have been emptied, inner areas and lanes of the city will also get rid of garbage soon\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "credits", "code": "13819312", "title": "Ajj De Ranjhe", "text": "Credits:Film: Ajj De RanjheDirector: Manmohan SinghCast: Aman Dhaliwal, Gurleen Chopra, Gurpreet Guggi, Kimmy Verma, Deep Dhillon, Rana Ranbir, Paramveer Singh, Shaminder Mahal, Rana Jung Bahadur, Darshan Aulakh and Guggu Gill.Music: Mahendra Kumar and WilsonChoreography: Bhupinder SayenStunts: Heera SinghSynopsisAjj De Ranjhe is a satire on the Punjab police. Filmmaker Manmohan Singh's, Ajj De Ranjhe is all set to be released in the first week of September.The film basically revolves around the equation between a common man and a policeman. The film also throws light on 'freedom of media'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232564", "title": "Buy card &amp; forget bus ticket for a month", "text": "BHOPAL: Stop bothering about buying ticket every day while travelling in low-floor buses. The city bus operators are introducing monthly card service from September 5, a press release said.\"The bus operators are introducing three new card services, which will include a student's card, economy card and a premium card,\" the release added. \"All cards will be issued from Jawahar bus depot. However, photo identification is mandatory for cards,\" he added. Students going to colleges, schools and coaching classes can get student's card at Rs 250. This will be valid for a month and only for a particular bus. The card can be recharged as and when required. Government employees can opt in for a rechargeable monthly economy card, which will be issued for Rs 400. This would be applicable for a particular bus and route. There is another card, the premium card, which will be issued on payment of Rs 600 and is valid for commuting throughout the city.The card is valid for a month for eight routes and all 225 buses in operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228824", "title": "KSCA honours VVS Laxman, Sunil Joshi", "text": "BANGALORE: When the Indian and New Zealand cricketers broke for tea on the third day of the second Test, it was time for Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) to honour two legends of the game \u2014 VVS Laxman and Sunil Joshi , the duo who made their international debut in the summer of 1996 and interestingly retired around the same time - mid-2012.In a simple affair at the M Chinnaswamy stadium on Sunday, Laxman, who retired from international cricket a fortnight ago, was presented with a memento by KSCA treasurer Thallam Venketesh and KSCA vicepresident Sadananda Maiya.KSCA president Anil Kumble and former great GR Viswanath honoured Joshi, who announced retirement from international and first-class cricket in June, with a memento. Also present was Laxman's friend and his slip-mate --Rahul Dravid.Indian coach Duncan Fletcher , S Badrinath, Piyush Chawla and Virat Kohli then wished the two legends.Kumble said KSCA took pride in honouring Laxman. \"On behalf of KSCA and millions of admirers around the world, KSCA would like to honour and felicitate the great batsman of Indian cricket who recently retired.\"On Joshi, Kumble said: \"To our proud son of Karnataka, we offer our token of appreciation on behalf of all our cricketing fraternity, and the people of Karnataka.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16228960", "title": "Want happy &amp; lasting romance? Don\u2019t leap into bed on first date", "text": "LONDON: Couples who delay sex until marriage have happier and lasting relationships than those who leap into the bed on the first date, a new study has found. Researchers from Cornell University , who carried out the first of its kind study, said that early sexual satisfaction may stunt the development of other key ingredients of healthy relationships, such as commitment, caring, understanding and shared values.\"Precocious premarital sexual activities may have lasting effects on relationship quality ,\" 'the Independent' quoted the researchers as saying. \"Courtship is a time for exploration and decision-making about the relationship, when partners assess compatibility , make commitments and build on emotional and physical intimacy,\" they said.Almost 50 years since the sexual revolution , which began, according to Philip Larkin , in 1963, the evidence suggests an openlegs policy is not so rewarding after all. \"The postponement of sexual involvement is associated with higher levels of relationship quality,\" said the researchers. \"Women who deferred sexual involvement for over six months reported significantly higher levels of relationship satisfaction,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16231932", "title": "Odisha government sounds swine flu alert", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A woman tested positive for swine flu in the state on Sunday taking the number of H1N1 cases to two. The government, meanwhile, has sounded a flu alert. TOI was first to report the return of the dreaded disease in the state this year, which had killed 32 people in Odisha in 2010.\"We tested six samples on Sunday of which one tested positive for H1N1,\" Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) director Dr S K Kar told TOI.The 51-year-old woman, who has been found H1N1 positive, might have contracted the disease from the first flu patient as they were admitted to the same intensive care unit (ICU).Three other samples from the same hospital and two from another hospital tested negative. So far this year, RMRC has tested samples from 22 patients for H1N1. \"All the samples had come from private hospitals,\" the RMRC director said.Hospital sources said conditions of both the women are stable and they were out of danger.Director, public health services, Dr Prasad Kumar Patnaik, said the government had alerted the chief district medical officers (CDMOs) to remain vigilant towards H1N1 symptoms. \"The CDMOs have been told to send samples from any suspected patient to RMRC and refer patients to hospitals where required facilities are available.\"The government, however, has not issued specific health advisories to public so far. \"We will hold a review meeting of the emerging situation on Monday to ensure preparedness. If needed, health advisories will be issued after that,\" Dr Patnaik said, adding the government was well prepared with sufficient stock of Tamiflu, the medicine effective against Influenza A.The situation may not be alarming this year as most people would have already developed immunity towards the virus reported for the first time in the state in 2010, Dr Patnaik added.Hospitals are ready with isolation wards. \"We have made ready a 10-bed isolation ward for swine flu keeping in mind any exigency,\" said Capital Hospital chief medical officer Dr Sudarshan Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16227899", "title": "Shivali suicide: IG records lensmen's versions", "text": "JALANDHAR: Photojournalists are also being examined by Jalandhar zone IG, Gurpeet Deo, along with erring police officials, in the Shivali suicide case. Statements of Shivani's brother Karan and cousin Tarun were also recorded by IG on Sunday evening. Jalandhar Cantt MLA Pargat Singh also accompanied Shivali's family.The IG also visited the spot where Shivali and Gaurav were accosted by police, the route she took to the railway track and the spot where she jumped before a train.Deo examined inspector Balwinder Kaur, along with two head constables and two jawans of Home Guard, who accompanied her when she accosted Shivani, after Gaurav's car had hit another car in Old Jawahar Nagar market.As Gaurav has already told the IG that Shivali had threatened to commit suicide if her photographs would be taken, the IG also called the photojournalists who were present on the spot and took her photographs, despite her resistance. It is believed that though she was disturbed about being accosted in presence of a crowd, clicking her photographs drove her to take the extreme step.Meanwhile, it is learned that Shivali's kin have requested the IG to register a case of abetting suicide against the police inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232680", "title": "Baadshah to wrap up Bangkok schedule soon", "text": "Young tiger NTR-starrer Baadshah would wrap up its Bangkok schedule by September 10. Director Seenu Vaitla initially planned to film action sequences on NTR and other support cast till the end of September. However, due to second thoughts, the makers have decided to cut short the schedule by two weeks. The unit will resume the next schedule of shooting in Hyderabad later in this month.Roopa Vaitla posted on her micro blogging site, \"wrapping up Bangkok schedule by 10th....and then in Hyderabad..:):) Sreenu super happy wid da outcome..will keep updating!!Baadshah, which is slated for release for 2013 Sankranthi, has Kajal Aggarwal playing the female lead. The film is produced by Ganesh Babu and SS Thaman is scoring the music. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan have penned the script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231866", "title": "Para teacher claiming to be minister's wife quits Congress", "text": "RANCHI: Para teacher Soni Devi, who claimed to be wife of state agriculture minister Satyanand Jha and even joined Congress a few days back, resigned from the party on Sunday .Soni's decision to quit the party has taken everyone by surprise given that women members of Congress has taken out a rally here on Saturday demanding justice for the para teacher and action against the minister. She has even filed a petition in Jharkhand high court demanding DNA test of the minister with her minor son.Soni has been claiming that the minister is her husband and they got married in 1996. She alleged that Jha was not ready to give her the rights of a wife. \"I just want justice and have no other motive behind joining Congress, meeting the governor or filing a petition before the high court,\" Soni said.Asked why she resigned from the Congress within days of joining the party, Soni said she had no intention to politicize the struggle. \"I know that the minister will someday accept me as his wife and give all rights to our child. My remaining with Congress is also not justified because people will think that I am taking advantage of political rivalry. I decided to resign from the Congress only after taking into consideration all these aspects,\" she said. She expressed her gratitude towards the Congress for extending all support to her struggle and even helping her meet governor Syed Ahmed at short notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16227137", "title": "'Toll Hatao' body wants concessionaire to implement court order, plans protest", "text": "GURGAON: Members of the Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti have demanded that the private concessionaire, DSC Ltd., implement the Punjab and Haryana high court's order regarding decongestion of the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza. Claiming that the private concessionaire has so far failed to implement the court's order, the samiti functionaries said they will hold a demonstration on September 9 at the toll plaza, demanding its removal.During a press conference on Sunday, the samiti members alleged that due to lack of facilities at the toll plaza, commuters face inconvenience. People should stop paying toll because the concessionaire is not following the high court's orders in letter and spirit, said Col (retd) Kanwar Bhardwaj, chairman of the samiti.Bhardwaj said that the high court, in its July 31 and August 16 orders, had asked the DSC Ltd. to take steps to take effective steps to tackle traffic jams occurring at the plaza because of less number of toll windows. The court had ordered to install, on an experimental basis, five extra toll windows on both the sides, equipped with mini computers certified by an official of the National Highways Authority of India.Though Haryana has deputed 165 traffic policemen and other senior officers to manage traffic around the toll plaza area yet there has been no result because of less number of windows, the court had observed.The court had ruled that its orders need to be strictly followed within a week's time, failing which, it will stop collection of toll fee at the plaza, Bhardwaj said.The DCP traffic, Gurgaon, has also sought contempt of court order against the concessionaire for its failure to implement the court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16226657", "title": "India 'A' camp begins at NCA", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite coming off a disastrous tour of West Indies, skipper Abhinav Mukund is focused on his new mission as India 'A' team gears up for their first ever tour of New Zealand, starting September 18.After a torrid time during the 'A' tour of West Indies in June, averaging just 7.66 in six innings, Mukund is determined to prove his abilities as a skipper and make up for the team's earlier disappointments.India 'A' will play three 50-over matches, one T20 and two four-day first-class games on the three-week tour of New Zealand.After the first day of the team's preparatory camp at the NCA here on Sunday, Mukund said the focus of the camp was to prepare for Kiwi conditions.\"We will prepare ourselves to New Zealand conditions and probably of leaving the seaming ball. Since BCCI is more focused on away tours for the 'A' team I think we have to make sure we are well prepared for this tour,\" said Mukund, who has five India Test caps.Lack of preparation was one of causes for India's miserable run in the West Indies three months ago, but this time the team has 10 days to iron out their rough edges.Mukund felt U-19 skipper Unmukt Chand's presence and his familiarity with the conditions would be a boost for the team.R Vinay Kumar and Chand are expected to report at the academy on September 4.The squad: Abhinav Mukund (capt), Ashok Menaria , Naman Ojha (wk), Mandeep Singh , Anustup Majumdar, Ambati Rayudu , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Akshay Darekar, R Vinay Kumar, Shami Ahmed , Suryakumar Yadav , Jalaj Saxena, Rahul Sharma , Rituraj Singh, Jaydev Unadkat and Unmukt Chand .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226900", "title": "Rickshaw mows down pedestrian", "text": "MUMBAI: A pedestrian was killed after an autorickshaw rammed into him at Kandivli (W). The driver, Anthony Nicholas (35) has been arrested.The accident took place on the south-bound arm of the old Link Road near Rajiv Gandhi commercial complex at 11.50pm on Saturday. Nicholas told the Charkop police that the victim, who was crossing the road, suddenly appeared in front of his auto. Nicholas could not control the auto's speed and rammed it into the victim, who sustained severe injuries.\"The victim was around 50 years old. We have not been able to identify him. He was taken to a hospital in Borivli, where doctors declared him dead before admission. The body has been sent for an autopsy,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16229676", "title": "Tension at Langar Houz", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four months after miscreants triggered communal tension by throwing animal parts at a temple in Kurmaguda , a similar attempt was made by trouble-mongers at a place of worship in Langar Houz on Sunday.Tension prevailed at Ashram Nagar in Defense Colony of Langar Houz when miscreants placed meat on the footsteps of the Prassannanjaneya temple there.Police rushed to the spot and removed the meat from there. Meanwhile, demanding immediate arrest of the culprits, local BJP , VHP and Bajarang Dal activists reached the spot and staged a dharna in front of the temple. \"Local youth were at the temple till 6 pm and the incident happened when they went out to order Ganesh idol. Some miscreants placed objectionable material on the footsteps of the temple when the devotees were absent,\" Langar Houz inspector N BRatnam said.On the complaint lodged by temple committee advisor D Karunakar , police have booked criminal cases under relevant sections of IPC and launched a man-hunt to nab the offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227582", "title": "Chief wants India in CERN inner circle", "text": "KOLKATA: Indian scientists will play an even more prominent role in the Big Bang experiment and the country's industry will benefit by competing with the best once India receives an associate membership of CERN, said Rolf-Dieter Heuer, director-general of the landmark experiment project that detected the God particle in July.It will open the doors for engineers, technicians and administrators from India who can turn staff members at the experiment site and gain in terms of experience, felt Heuer, who is in Kolkata to attend a science meet. But it could take some more time for India to gain the membership, for a formal application is yet to reach CERN. International relations in-charge at CERN, Rudiger Voss, will also attend the meet.\"I am yet to receive anything in writing, though I am told that the process is rolling in India. Once I receive the application, it shouldn't take long to complete the formalities,\" said Heuer. The veteran particle physicist said he was keen on India getting into the inner circle of CERN. \"For a large country like India, it's important to keep in touch with what's happening around the country, especially something like the CERN experiment which will have a far-reaching impact on science. Secondly, the private sector can bid to take part in the manufacturing of cutting-edge equipment that will be required for the experiment. Other than indirectly participating in the research, it will help them raise their standards and technology to international levels. Remember, they will be up against the best from around the world,\" said Heuer.Institutional participation from India will also be greater once the country bags an associate membership, said Voss. \"India has already played a key role in both CMC and Alice, the two vital parts of the experiment. More than 130 scientists from 16 different institutes took part. Three of these institutes are in Kolkata. We would expect more institutes to pitch in once India joins the inner circle. We will probably have a closer relation with some of the institutes we have been working with for so many years now,\" Voss said.The return for the industry won't be so much in terms of money initially, said Heuer. \"But they can use their participation as a reference to earn contracts elsewhere. This is a model which has worked successfully for companies around the world,\" added Heuer.The CERN experiment, the scientists said, will continue till mid-February 2013 when the LHC will be shut down. By then, it should be clear if Higgs boson has been discovered. \"We have found a new particle and we are now in the process of defining it. We need to measure the properties. Even if one property turns out to be different, a whole new box of physics will be thrown open. At the moment, we can say that a Higgs boson-like particle has been found. It could take years to establish if it is indeed the particle. One important property of the particle is the spin. We hope to identify it by the end of this year,\" explained Heuer.It will lead the experiment on to its next stage. The standard model, to which the God particle is integral, will be proved once it is identified. \"We shall then be on our way to a wider theory. Proving the standard model right was just a step in particle physics. It has certain inherent flaws. For instance, it says nothing about dark matter or the universe. So, there must be something around the standard model which we need to explore,\" said Heuer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16231307", "title": "Sudheeran joins greens against 'Emerging Kerala'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Congress leader V M Sudheeran and opposition leader V S Achuthanandan have joined the bandwagon against the Emerging Kerala investment meet. Sudheeran has alleged that those projects which were rejected by the people of the state have been included in the Emerging Kerala investors' meet to oblige vested interests.Speaking at the state environment conclave here on Sunday, he said those in the government were also were responsible for creating controversies surrounding over making the development projects into a controversy. Sudheeran's criticism came a day after environmentalists raised concerns over the meet.Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan will be attending the concluding session the ceremony of the conclave on Monday.The projects, like mineral sand mining, which were shelved by previous governments following in the light of due to the severe protests and popular sentiments, were being presented afresh in a new form at the Emerging Kerala.\"Respective governments are have the responsibleility for in getting investments with good intentions. If any investment lands in a controversy, then the government cannot run away from the responsibility,\" he added.\"Government officials' role is very important for in such crucial projects since it tests their credibility and faithfulness. The successive governments should take these officials into confidence and continue with the projects. More and more projects are coming under the INKEL, which has more private participation.Hence, a committee headed by the chief secretary should scrutinize all the projects before giving the a green signal is given,\" Sudheeran said.While presenting a paper on conservation of rivers and indiscriminate sand mining at the conclave, Dr Latha Anantha from the River Research Centre suggested said that the government to should conduct an annual audit of all rivers in Kerala before approving any hydel projects here.\"The mining of sand from rivers during in monsoon should be banned, allowing so that mrivers to can rejuvenate during this period. The carrying capacity of each river should be gauged calculated and a master plan should be prepared to conserve the rivers,\" Dr Latha.Gopinathan Pillai, who has been takening up mining-related issues in Pathanmthitta-Ranni area, alleged that a senior Kerala Congress politician has been pushing for mining projects in that area with selfish motives.owns a crusher unit along the Western Ghats and that was the reason why he was pushing mining projects there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16228124", "title": "No end to murmurs over poll plans of Modi's bureaucrat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was a flutter in the secretaries' meeting on Wednesday. Someone whispered that additional chief secretary, panchayats and tribal development, R M Patel, had opted for voluntary retirement from October 1. The word spread like wildfire in the Sachivalaya. Meet any senior babu, and he would wonder whether Patel, who has sought to make his mark as the \"messiah\" of the poor by organizing Garib Kalyan Melas for chief minister Narendra Modi, had finally decided to join politics. Also, many wondered if he would fight the state assembly polls on a BJP ticket from the reserved constituency of Asarva in Ahmedabad or Kadi in Mehsana. An official even said Patel had confided to him that he would \"certainly quit the service after September 2012\". While babus handling personnel issues vehemently denied receiving any application for voluntary retirement from Patel, the man himself was heard telling someone: \"All I want to say is I am right now in service and not in politics.\" But he refused to reveal his plans.Babus spaced out over BISAG dataThe last secretaries' meeting saw Bhaskaracharya Institute for Space Applications and Geo-informatics (BISAG) director T P Singh, a senior scientist on deputation to Gujarat government from the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO), make a presentation of BISAG's role in government. While Singh told babus how the organization has been helpful in preparing geo-informatics data for all departments, several bureaucrats tried to find fault with the way the data was collected. One bureaucrat, belonging to the finance department, wondered why BISAG couldn't come up with 3D images instead of 2D. Another said what BISAG was doing was not new - it was only \"converting\" what was available in manual maps into digital maps. The critique made Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti look perturbed. \"I find that only two departments - water resources and agriculture - have made use of BISAG data. Rest have either not begun or they have used it peripherally\", he was quoted as saying, even as he asked them to make \"full use of BISAG.\"Modi getting the last-mile jitters?Chief minister Narendra Modi is learnt to have internally conveyed to state bureaucrats to \"finish off all the work\" which he wants to do to popularize himself by September 20. \"Apparently, he expects the electoral code of conduct for the forthcoming state assembly polls to be announced any day after September third week,\" a senior bureaucrat who met Modi said, adding, \"I found him jittery. He is surrounded by criticism on account of the life imprisonment sentence slapped on former minister Maya Kodnani, on one hand, and his remarks on malnutrition, on the other.\" Meanwhile, babus themselves are waiting eagerly for the day when the code would be imposed in Gujarat. A senior state bureaucrat said, \"At a recent Monday tea club (informally, Sidelined Officers Tea Club or SOTC), most bureaucrats wanted the code to be imposed early, so that they do not have to bother about popularizing one person at the cost of state coffers. Developmental works are all right, but helping sustain his personality cult is uncalled for.\"Cooling heels in climate change departmentThe Gujarat government formed the climate change department with much fanfare about four years ago. Chief minister Narendra Modi not only declared that Gujarat was the first state to have a separate department for climate change, but also claimed that it was one of the early initiatives in the world. He wrote a book on climate change, which critics regarded as nothing more than a collection of government press notes. Yet, surprisingly, the climate change department doesn't have a website of its own even today! A senior bureaucrat, who was keen on knowing what the department was doing, tried surfing the Gujarat State Wide Area Network (GSWAN) website of the Gujarat government and declared: \"Lo! It doesn't have a website! How would people know what the department was doing?\" He added, \"Only those who run the department are responsible for the lapse. The science and technology department provides the basic infrastructure and addresses security concerns, and that's the end of it.\" Enter the department, situated on the first floor of Block No 11, and it has a dingy look. Several rooms are locked. In one of the rooms, some staffers were seen chatting around. On being asked what they were doing, one of them casually commented, \"We have no work here. What to do?\"Junior's jibe leaves Dash smarting", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16226622", "title": "Maharashtra Energy Development agency to generate wave energy along state's 720-km coast", "text": "PUNE: Considering the total potential of 6,000 MW wave energy from the Indian coast, the Maharashtra Energy Development agency (MEDA) has taken the first step forward to tap Maharashtra's 720-km coast to generate wave energy. A study has showed that the Maharashtra coast has an annual wave potential of four to eight KW per metre of the length of the wave. During the monsoon, that is, between June and August, the potential is quite high -- 12 to 20 KW/m.MEDA, which is the nodal agency appointed by the state government for taking initiatives in non-conventional energy, will soon float tenders to invite expression of interest by companies which would assess the potential for generation of wave energy in coastal areas. The project is slated to begin in the next three months.J V Torane, general manager, research and development, MEDA, told TOI on Thursday, \"The state government has given a go ahead to MEDA for executing this project. We have prepared a draft for floating tenders for companies which would be interested in analyzing the coast to assess the potential and commercial execution of wave technology in the state's coastal areas.\"Torane said the tenders will be published shortly and companies will be shortlisted and finalized in three months. The project will take off immediately after that. \"The wave technology project aims at generating energy from the waves of the sea and converting it into electrical energy for commercial use,\" Torane said.According to a research conducted by MEDA, the average potential along the Indian coast is around 5 to 10 KW/m. With a coast line of approximately 7,500 km, total potential comes to around 40,000 MW. Even a 15% utilization would mean the availability of approximately 6,000 MW. \"Generally it has been observed that the western coast is more useful than the eastern coast. This is because the former has more stable waves and is less vulnerable to cyclones that can damage the power plant,\" Torane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16234213", "title": "Man held for labourer's murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: Accused of murdering a migrant labourer, Santosh Kumar was arrested on Saturday evening. Om Parkash was killed with a sharp-edged weapon on August 27 in Haibowal. Santosh is main accused Vinod Kumar's brother-in-law. Vinod had allegedly stabbed Om Parkash. Investigating officer Swaran Singh said they raided Santosh's house on Chooharpur Road. 'He was planning to move to Bihar on Saturday night,' he added.Singh said they were working in coordination with Bihar police and had not recovered the weapon so far.Om Parkash, 27, was a resident of Betia in Bihar and used to live as a tenant in Sant Vihar Colony. Preliminary investigation revealed that the victim had an affair with Vinod's wife. The main accused allegedly conspired the murder when his wife's alleged affair continued despite verbal duels between him and Om Parkash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16228170", "title": "Modi\u2019s fashion statement sparks veggie vengeance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leaders of Janata Dal (U) and other opposition parties in Gujarat took to distributing vegetables to passersby at the Town Hall junction on Ashram Road and then took their symbolic protests right in front of the BJP office in Khanpur area. The JD(U) party workers protested against the chief minister's recent comments on the reasons for widespread malnutrition in the state.\"How could the chief minister claim that there are just middle class families in Gujarat and that they diet because they are 'beauty conscious'? The state has a large population of poor from the backward communities and tribals who cannot afford vegetables. Their daily meal consists of less than 20 per cent vegetables,\" says Tanmay Sheth of JD(U). \"The poor also sell most of their cow milk produce to co-operatives, saving little for their family because of financial compulsions. The chief minister's comment seemed like a crude joke completely disconnected with the prevalent realities,\" Sheth added.Another member of the party, Jayantilal Contractor adds, \"How could the CM blame vegetarianism to be a cause for malnutrition? Today, people cannot afford vegetables itself. Most people from the backward communities in Gujarat also depend on cheap meat to meet their protein needs. Before launching a nutrition mission, the chief minister should have conducted a survey on what do people in the state eat. One can always wonder where the nutrition mission will head,\" says Contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228719", "title": "'Big houses to pay more tax'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city has as many as 6,626 sprawling houses spread over one to eight kanals, whose owners will have to pay more in house tax as compared to those of smaller houses. The Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has compiled details of the size and number of houses in the city. There are total 20,655 big houses in the city, having an area of 5, 10, 7.5 and 15 marlas besides one to eight kanal houses. Besides these big houses, there are 49,713 Chandigarh Housing Board houses and their allottees too will have to shell out the cess.The MC has gathered these details from the administration and now details of houses of educational institutes like Panjab University, PEC, besides PGI and houses of central offices are yet to be received. The MC is collecting data about number of houses in the city, as part of its groundwork to impose house tax.A senior MC official on condition of anonymity said, \"We have gathered the details of big independent houses and Chandigarh Housing Board houses and flats along with their sizes. Now the details will be kept before the MC's house tax committee for discussion to fix a criteria to impose house tax, but one thing is clear that big houses will have to pay more as compared to small houses and flats.\" He said it has still not been decided as to what criteria would be followed to impose tax, but we feel that the authority will have to look to formulate their own criteria instead of looking to adopt criteria of Haryana, which was recently implemented in the state.M P Kohli, vice-chairman of the MC's house tax committee while taking to TOI said, \"As imposition of house tax has become necessary, therefore every decision will be taken keeping in view the interests of the city residents and the MC. While Haryana has imposed house tax, Punjab's cabinet has approved its imposition and now we are mulling over the issue. As of now, we are of the view that tax should be imposed on houses as per their constructed area. The matter will come up in the monthly meeting of the house tax committee soon for a detailed discussion.\" Of late, the Chandigarh administration has sent reminders to the MC to consider imposing house tax on residential properties in the city and also revising property tax on commercial establishments. Not only UT, Government of India has also instructed the authority in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16231613", "title": "Extortion racket busted in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: District police on Sunday arrested two members of a gang who had unleashed terror in the town by making extortion calls to residents here.A police team arrested Bunty Singh and Tarak Sao from Ghandhi Chowk in Sector-IV during a raid. Police have recovered a country made pistol and cartridges from them. Singh is a resident of Bandgoda, while Sao comes from Jagganathpur in Ranchi.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said, \"The duo used to make extortion calls to builders, businessmen and other affluent people, demanding money from them. There are more than half a dozen FIR lodged in this connection in different police stations of the town. Many also avoided lodging an FIR fearing the outcome.\"During interrogation, the duo confessed that their gang used to made extortion calls to the businessmen by using different cellphone numbers. \"They had recently made a call to the director of Smart Homes, a real estate firm, and a garment shop owner,\" Dwivedi said. Three more members in the gang are absconding. The kingpin of the gang is Brijesh Pandey. Raids are being conducted to nab them. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231750", "title": "Amit Kumar is set to rock with his album Phele Asha Din", "text": "It's time to relive the golden days of music this year during the Pujas. Amit Kumar is set to rock with his Bengali Puja album Phele Asha Din. With composer duo Munna-Raj working their magic after almost eight years, the album promises to give a retro feel during the Puja.Speaking about the album, Munna says, \"For quite some time this genre of music was missing from Puja albums. This album will remind people of songs like Mone pore Ruby Roy and Priyatama mone rekho. We have roped in musicians who played with Panchamda for that retro feel. People who think such songs are dead, will be in for a surprise.\" Asha Audio Company is hoping to create quite a stir with this album, which is slated for an early September release", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231568", "title": "CAG, SC cannot choose policy for govt: Digvijay", "text": "INDORE: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) and the Supreme Court (SC) cannot choose a policy for the government, said the All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Digivijay Singh here on Sunday. In a democracy, only the government elected by the people of the country has the right to choose policies.\"Who will choose the policy, CAG or SC?,\" questioned Digivijay Singh while reacting to questions on the coal block allotment controversy.Singh further said that CAG is an auditing agency and, not an investigating agency and it has done an opportunity cost audit wherein it has presumed a loss of Rs 1.78 lakh crores. \"CAG in its report has not mentioned about corruption in coal block allotments, it has only assumed loss of government exchequer. The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has taken note of it and now the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is investigating the matter,\" said Singh.Singh also took a dig at CAG, Vinod Rai, saying that he has political ambition. \"CAG reports have been leaked to media only after Vinod Rai joined, alleged Singh. He has started a public relation cell which holds press conferences to raise issues conflicting with the government. It is against the oath of secrecy,\" said Singh adding that CAG is part of the government, but they are acting against the government. It will not be surprising if Rai joins BJP on retirement, said Singh.He also raised a finger over the method by which CAG assumed the loss to exchequer. He said that amendment for auction of coal blocks in MMRD Act was introduced in 2011; in the meanwhile SC passed an order while hearing 2G case that all the natural resources should be auctioned. On this CAG presumed loss, but how can one blame government for not auctioning coal blocks when there was no such rule. He stressed that even NDA government had allotted 39 coal blocks. Till now mining has not started in the coal blocks, except in one, allotted by the UPA government.Blaming state governments for the allotment of coal blocks, Singh said that all the coal blocks under scanner had been allotted on the recommendation of state governments. \"When the UPA government decided to auction the coal blocks, it was opposed by the chief ministers of Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Rajasthan and West Bengal citing escalation in cost of power,\" said Singh adding that when UPA government introduced a Bill to amend MMRD Act, it was then opposed by the opposition members of parliament (MPs). Later, the Bill was sent to the standing committee. The bill was passed in 2010 on getting clearance from the standing committee headed by the opposition leader and came into effect in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232075", "title": "Scavengers reports: Apex court imposes bans on states", "text": "Dhananjay MahapatraNEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday imposed a fine of Rs 1,0000 on social welfare secretaries of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir for not filing affidavits detailing the employment of manual scavengers in their states.Meanwhile, the secretaries have been asked to remain present personally on next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231558", "title": "Preparations on in full swing for Global Investors' Summit", "text": "INDORE: Preparations are on in full swing for the Global Investors' Summit scheduled to be held in Indore from October 28 to October 30. Around 600 delegates from across the world, including government officials and representatives from various embassies, are expected to participate in the summit.The summit is being organized as a part of the Madhya Pradesh government's efforts to attract global investors to the state. The summit is third of its kind. The earlier two summits were held at Indore and Khajuraho.While talking to TOI, Sanjay Dubey, managing director, AKVN (Indore), said that AKVN is playing a key role in hosting the event. Most of the industrial areas or projects being marketed by the state fall under AKVN. Some of the projects include DMIC, Crystal IT, Pithampur SEZ as well as those situated in Bhavsingpura (Khandwa), Ujjaini (Dhar), Hatod (Indore) and Barwani, he said.\"Being the host, we also have to play a role in providing the logistics for the delegates,\" Dubey said.To turn the state in to a potential investment zone, the government has identified 20,000 hectare land across all the 50 districts. Land is being allotted to the business establishments as per their requirements. \"The recently-declared state industrial policy is attracting more and more investors to the state. Incentives like waiver on entry tax, capital and investment subsidies and mega project status to big investors, are being offered,\" Dubey said.Madhya Pradesh is fast shedding its image of being one of the BIMARU states. \"The recent initiatives are showcasing the state as a potential area for investment. Due to the ideal policies, there has not been a single incident of labor unrest in the state. Moreover, sufficient manpower was available in the state. We want to leverage these benefits,\" he said.\"We have already provided rural connectivity by laying 90,000 km of roads in the state in past seven years. It is coupled by the 24x7 power supply to industries across the state,\" he said.\"The summit will be not limited to mere signing of MoUs. It will send a message to the investors to put their money in the state as per their convenience,\" Dubey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16228982", "title": "India's fading fonts", "text": "Typography has one plain duty before it and that is to convey information in writing,\" said Swiss typographer and co-founder of the Basel School of Design, Emile Ruder, in his 1967 manual Typographie. However, Indian hand-painted shop signs and wall advertisements convey information pictorially and alphabetically. The letters themselves are gussied up with flowers, arabesques, triple shadows, double dashes and animal art until they dissolve into a pile of abstraction, evidenced in fruit juice shops in north India.Eccentric and wholly indigenous, hand-painted signs are now becoming redundant by digital printing. Cheap, quick fixes like flex boards and vinyl prints have almost standardized signboard design. But before the paint runs altogether dry, a project has been initiated to archive, if not save, the hand-painted type.Called Handpainted Type, it began in 2010 when an art director with Wieden + Kennedy, an advertising agency in Delhi, set out to document singular styles of hand-lettering art in India.\"I noticed changes in shop signage, and was worried that no one would notice the disappearance of handpainted signs,\" says Hanif Kureshi, who conceived the project. \"These painters would soon vanish and we'll lose a part of our culture. After all, they helped make Delhi different from Mumbai and Mumbai different from Kolkata.\"Their styles are varied. In UP and Delhi, there is a weakness for curlicues which is perhaps an Urdu-Persian influence. In Mumbai, there is a leaning towards angular lettering, while the South has a fondness for fluorescent colours.Kureshi launched Handpainted Type at the National Institute of Design in March 2011 on Typography Day. By then, he was already doing the rounds of alleys in Old Delhi, looking for lettering artists and documenting their stories. Many said they had now drifted to desktop publishing, running small outfits or working as brokers for printers.One of the painters was Aklaq Ahmed, better known as Painter Shabbu, a 26-yr-old with the rare distinction of pursuing a Masters in Fine Art at Jamia Milia Islamia.\"I used to work as a film poster painter in Mumbai before I came to Delhi to paint juice shops,\" he says. When the going was good in the mid-2000s, Shabbu managed Rs 30,000 a month. He developed his style from film posters which is why the dominant actor of the day would figure on the banner of a sugarcane vendor. Salman Khan seems to be a hit with the crowds in UP and Delhi.\"I can't understand the attraction for digital printing \u2014 it all looks the same. Hand painted signs were so attractive,\" Shabbu muses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228747", "title": "4 youths held for chain snatching, street robberies", "text": "NAGPUR: Believe it or not, but a bunch of youngsters had been giving the cops sleepless nights by repeatedly targeting citizens on the roads. While the cops were trying to curb the robberies by rounding up hard-core criminals, it turns out that a group with no previous records was the perpetrator.The desire for fun, food and liquor, had driven the youths to commit the robberies. The cash from purses of female victims and money from selling mobile phones for merely Rs800-1,000 would be used by the youngsters to visit liquor bars and restaurants.Crime branch has recovered 28 mobile phones, two bikes and some motor vehicle accessories after rounding up four persons, including two minors, for robbing citizens on roads. Around 35 offences are expected to be solved.Cops said that the youngsters arrested would follow morning or evening walkers and rob them. The four mainly snatched purses from women and mobile phones from men. The gang is said to have been active since January this year.Crime branch team of senior PI Madhav Giri under joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena rounded up two minors on August 24 after an informer tipped off the cops that the two had bragged, while drunk, about harassing a woman on a road at Hudkeshwar. Police had already been investigating a case at Hudkeshwar of a woman being robbed after being thrashed. PI Giri said that during questioning the duo confessed to robberies at many other locations in Hudkeshwar.The police said the minors admitted having committed robberies on nearly 11 occasions, though only one victim had registered a complaint, over the last three months. During interrogation, the cops also seized five mobile phones from them.After rounding up the minors, crime branch were able to nab two more youngsters. The youths, both aged around 21 years, admitted to 22 robberies. The duo identified as Tejankit Walke and Ashwajeet Waghmare were rounded up on August 29.Police said the duo's involvement in robberies was a surprise. The duo had been picked up after cops came to know about their involvement in stealing car tyres at two places. During a search of their houses the police came to know that the duo were mainly into stealing mobiles and purses.The duo admitted to robberies at Nandanvan, Imambada, Sadar, Dhantoli, Ambazari and Sitabuldi.Police have also arrested a retail shop keeper at Sitabuldi for buying stolen mobile phones which the youngsters offered at throwaway prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228811", "title": "Lokayukta sends 24-pointquestionnaire to Noida CEO", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra has started inquiry into Noida farmhouse allotment scam. Based on his personal visit to Noida and the inquiry report of the government into the scam, he has sought the response from the Noida Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran on 24 points. A set of queries has been sent to Saran. As soon as he submits his response, the inquiry into the scam will speed up.\"We have just started and have a long way to go,\" said the Lokayukta. He had asked the government to issue a notification to allow him begin the probe without seeking an affidavit or a security deposit from the government. Not only this, notification will also expand the ambit of the inquiry, as now, the role of even the non-public servants can be looked into.Meanwhile, on the basis of the feelers received from the people in Noida during his personal visit, Justice Mehrotra said there might be \"high and mighty\" who received surcharge on the land allotment deals in Noida. Besides, Noida has several visible instances indicating towards the hanky-panky in the land allotment for farmhouses.One such instance is of seven farmhouses surrounded by the same boundary close to Yamuna Expressway. Though it may or may not be an illegal deal, the fact that complaints have already been made against the said acquisition and officials feign ignorance about the owners, makes the matter look fishy.The Lokayukta said that if the need be he would take assistance from independent consultants from the engineering and legal services to make the probe reach a logical end. There are a number of judgments from the court which have questioned the land allotment in Noida, and to investigate into the scam it's a must to go through the judgments. For that, seeking assistance from independent legal consultants would help, he said.As of now, the Lokayukta probe is proceeding on the report submitted by the chairman of the Noida Authority Rakesh Bahadur. But, it may not be the report Lokayukta would like to depend entirely upon. It's a report by an officer who has already served at the Authority in one political regime, against a set of officers owing allegiance to another political regime. Since the probe has to be independent of the political influence, report might not form its basis as the investigation proceeds.The inquiry report of the committee set up by the government to probe Noida farmhouse allotment scam, on the basis of which the Lokayukta has began the probe, holds the former CEO of the authority Mohinder Singh, along with 14 others, accountable for \"wrong interpretation of the authority's bylaws\" and of mass-scale irregularities in farmhouse allotment. The report pegs the revenue loss due to irregular allotment at about 1,000 crore.In Noida, land was acquired in 12 villages in gross violation of industrial development policies. The acquired land was then used to allot 150 farmhouses of 10,000 square metre each to 120 companies and 29 individuals for constructing farmhouses. The beneficiaries, on the contrary, got motels, banquets and swimming pools constructed on the farm land, said the report.The original farmhouse scheme, however, provides for acquisition of agricultural land for planned industrial development in keeping with Noida's Master Plan-2021. The irregularities were not only limited to allotment of land, but even the rates were lowered to benefit individuals and companies, causing the state exchequer a loss of about Rs 150 crore. Smelling a massive rot in the land deal, government handed over the probe to the Lokayukta.The committee set up by the government to probe Noida farmhouse allotment was headed by Bahadur. He took over as the chairman of the authority on May 4 this year. The high court on June 29, had asked the government to review his and CEO Sanjeev Saran's appointment because the departmental proceedings had been initiated against the two officers in the past and FIRs lodged and the two have been chargesheeted.The two officers had served the authority in the same capacity in SP regime in 2006 and 2007. The BSP government, in July 2007, placed two officers under suspension, with 14 others, for their alleged involvement in a Rs 4,721 crore land allotment scam in Noida. The land had been allotted to the hoteliers for constructing hotels for Commonwealth Games during the Mulayam government. In May 2010, the officers were also issued notices by the Enforcement Directorate after the agency registered a case of money-laundering aaginst them. BSP government got FIRs lodged against the officers and initiated legal proceedings against them.Mayawati government cancelled the allotment of land, which was then challenged by 14 hotel owners in the high court. Though the allotment of land to the hoteliers by Mulayam government was also upheld by the Supreme Court in July 2011, the two officers, however, were not reinstated. It was only after SP came to power again, the two returned to Noida Authority as topmost officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16227982", "title": "Ganesha Chaturthi festival in Hubli under cops\u2019 eye", "text": "HUBLI: Security will be tightened in Hubli and Belgaum ahead of the Ganesha festival (September 19) this year. CCTV cameras will play a major role and additional police forces will be deployed. This follows reports of alleged plans of suspected LeT (Lashkar-e-Taiba )and HuJI (Harkat-ul-Jihadal-Islami )operatives to target the festival. The Bangalore City Crime Branch (CCB) so far have arrested 13 suspected operatives by busting their module.The authorities in the two cities will keep extra vigil as the festival is celebrated in a very big way every year. People from distant places come to Hubli and Belgaum to participate in the puja at the colourful Ganesha pandals for 11 days.As part of the tight security, police will keep a tab on each person coming to the city for the festival and conduct brisk checks. People who come in groups will be questioned, said police.All vulnerable places in the city will be guarded. Besides, all streets and corners including each pandal will have CCTV cameras in Hubli and Belgaum to keep an eye on the movements of suspected elements during the celebrations. Till last year, about 1,500 police, 600 home guards and 800 additional staff from neighboring districts used to be deployed on security duty in Hubli during the festival.But now an additional 1,000 police personnel and extra 500-600 home guards will be deployed in the city, police said. BA Padmanayana,Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner, told TOI that they would make unprecedented security arrangements during the celebrations to avoid any untoward incidents.\"We have planned to install CCTV cameras in all most all important areas. This time more CCTVs will be installed in the city than last year. Dog squad will be strengthened .We will tell the public to keep police informed if the come across anyone moving in suspicious circumstances,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231349", "title": "No cycle track between LIG Crossing and Geeta Bhavan", "text": "INDORE: Design of 11.5 km pilot Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) is set to undergo first major change, and there will be no cycle track in the section of the corridor. Two metre wide cycle track on both sides of the road from LIG Crossing to Geeta Bhavan Crossing of the corridor can be merged with motor vehicle track, said collector Akash Tripathi on Saturday.\"There are many traffic bottlenecks in 31 metre section of corridor from LIG Crossing to Geeta Bhavan which will have five BRT bus stops. Construction of the BRT bus stops will leave little space for the movement of vehicles in this already congested section of corridor. Thus, we are considering converting 2 m wide cycle track on both sides of the corridor into motor vehicle track,\" said Tripathi adding that it will facilitate the movement of traffic. Authorities have not yet decided about installing railing in this section of the corridor.About the fault in design of the corridor, Tripathi said that now it's too late to make any significant change in the design. So they are just trying to complete the project by end of the year.\"Any significant change in design will increase the cost of project and further delay its completion. But we will have to make minor changes for the smooth flow of traffic,\" stressed Tripathi adding that 31 m section of the corridor has lot of traffic bottlenecks.He also said: \"It is needed to be seen whether we get enough passengers to make BRT project viable. The project will be viable only if 80,000 passengers per day use this mode of transport.\"Pointing towards other technical issues in front of the authorities related to this project, Tripathi said that installation of intelligent traffic signals is very important, but funds have not been released yet.Along with the intelligence signals, we are also going to install normal signals on the corridor soon,\" he added.Also, collector Akash Tripathi said that any religious structure coming in the way of BRTS would be removed. One has to take a secular approach while dealing with the religious structures coming en-route BRTS. He said that the removal of Chhoti Khajarani mosque is a cause of concern for the authorities and it has also stalled the removal of other religious places.\"Matter related to mosque is in court, and we expect to get some positive result,\" said Triapthi adding that the people concerned with other religious places have already agreed to part with their land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233835", "title": "No party for Shakti Kapoor", "text": "Shakti Kapoor turns a year older today (3rd Spetember, 2012), but the aaaooo actor will be spending a silent day as he is busy with 'Aasman Se Gire Kajoor Main Atke' rehearsals.\"No birthday party for me this year. I am busy rehearsing for my play as we have a 25 days schedule in America. We will be going day after tomorrow so today entire day I have to rehearse,\" said the actor.\"I am very happy to see the response for ' Aasman Se Gire Kajoor Main Atke '. The tickets are already so out there,\" said an overwhelmed Shakti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227327", "title": "Row over book by senior Bengal cop", "text": "KOLKATA: A 102-page book written by senior police official Nazrul Islam seems to have ruffled a few feathers in the state administration. The police, on Friday, allegedly raided the College Street shop of Mitra Ghosh, the publisher of the book \u2014 Musalman der Koroniyo \u2014 written by the senior IPS officer and additional director general of police (training).The present owner of the publishing house Sabitendranath Roy alleged that a huge force of police reached the College Street premises of his shop, locked the sale counters and searched for the book. He also complained that police had asked him to discontinue its circulation a day before.The book was released a week back and got good response. On Thursday night, an 80-year-old Roy received a call from the deputy commissioner of police (enforcement branch) asking him to stop selling the book.In the book, Nazrul has advocated the need for secular education and criticized the state government for not doing much to help spread education among the Muslims. \"Though a lot has been said about the new government being an agent of change, nothing much has changed,\" Nazrul said in the book. He has criticized the leaders in the new government for attending Iftaar parties without keeping the mandatory daytime fast. \"The words inshallah and khuda hafiz cannot be said in the same sentence, but our leaders are doing so, without knowing that they are actually hurting Islam,\" the book reads.Similarly, the state's plans to set up and regularize madrasas and its focus on Aligarh Muslim University have also come in for criticism . \"What we needed was a secular university in Murshidabad. Similarly, why should money be spent for creating new madrasas instead of modern day schools?\" the book says.It may be noted that Nazrul fell out with the LF government at its fag end, when Mamata Banerjee gave him a senior position in the Railways. After Mamata came to the power in Bengal, she brought Nazrul back to the state.The book seems to be making a reference to the chief minister, when it says that just by covering the head with a white cloth and reading namaz, one cannot do justice to the community. The book urges the Muslims to rise from their slumber and assess the situation they are in. It urges the Muslim population to protest some decisions by the state which are politically motivated.\"The police had no search warrant with them. We had already stopped the book's circulation and removed the copies from our College Street shop. We told them that the complimentary copies would be sent to them soon,\" said Indrani Roy, director of Mitra Ghosh.The publisher also got in touch with the writer and sought help in his capacity as a top cop of the state. \"We have also briefed our lawyer, Arunava Ghosh, on the issue. He has advised us to start selling it from Monday since there is no official ban on it,\" Indrani said, adding that the books will be on sale from Monday.Debabrata Das, deputy commissioner (enforcement branch), Kolkata Police,denied the allegations. \"I never told them to stop selling the book,\" said Das. He, however, confirmed that his officers bought five copies of the book from the publisher late on Friday. Sources, meanwhile, said Das and his team acted after getting instruction from the police chief.Nazrul Islam declined to comment. He only said that being a government employee it won't be right for him to speak.However, writers and intellectuals are rallying behind Nazrul and protesting the \"ban\". \"Why should police take such a step. We are a democratic country where anyone is free to write anything. There are platforms that can be used for protests, but the police should not be used as a wing to suppress voices,\" said writer Abul Bashar. Muslim intellectual Azizul Haq said: \"I have written on similar lines in the past and don't think that Nazrul has written anything that can elicit this kind of reaction. Only secular education can help Muslims. Why is this government giving special benefits only to imams and not to Hindu purohits? I will not be surprised if they talk about a Muslim blood banks next...\"\"We are living in a free country. This episode reminds me of the dark days prior to the independence,\" said writer Sunil Gangopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16226859", "title": "Developers asked to chalk out farmers\u2019 welfare plans", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: In order to keep farmers calm and dissuade protests, the Greater Noida Authority has directed developers in the region to chalk out a welfare programme and also introduce technical training programmes for the children of the villagers.Greater Noida Authority CEO, Rama Raman, said that farmers need to feel that they are a part of the development process in the region. \"It is general perception among farmers that outsiders are constructing buildings on their land and profiting from it. In order to remove this perception, there is need to overhaul the corporate social responsibility in the region. At the Authority level, we are executing various policies for the welfare of farmers. Developers should also join hands for this cause,\" said Raman.Commenting on the issue, CREDAI (western UP) vice president and CMD of Supertech, RK Arora, said, \"We respect the sentiments of farmers and agree with the Authority's stand to undertake projects for their welfare.\" On asked what initiatives will be taken by developers for farmers' welfare, CREDAI (NCR) vice president and Amrapali group CMD, Anil Sharma, said, \"We may start technical training programmes, construction of basic amenities like community halls, toilets, etc, and either farmers or their children can be employed by the developers once they are well-trained.\"\"CREDAI will soon have a meeting with other stakeholders and form a fund for farmers' welfare,\" Sharma added.Meanwhile, Greater Noida farmers on Sunday held a panchayat and threatened to halt construction work in Noida Extension if their demands are not met. The farmers said they want their demands sorted out on a priority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231564", "title": "CBI mulls office in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is mulling to have a unit in Indore.Currently, Bhopal office of CBI handles cases in the region relating to economic offences and trap. The cases number around 60. \"The CBI officials have to shuttle between Bhopal and Indore to attend the hearings which often becomes cumbersome,\" said a source within the investigation agency.Taking up the matter, CBI SP, Bhopal, Yatindra Koel, visited the city recently and explored the possibilities of opening a unit of the agency here, said source familiar with the development.The new office may have an inspector-rank official to head the unit. \"The idea of having CBI's office at Indore was still in its nascent stage. No timeframe has been set for it,\" the source said.Koel also discussed the issue with CPWD officials about the venue for opening the unit. The agency is likely to zero in on two rooms in CIA building in front of GPO that had been allotted to the agency on a temporary basis a few years ago when the case of Abdul Karim Telgi stamp paper scam was at its peak. The rooms are still in the possession of the agency.Apart from the sensational Shehla Masood murder case, some of the other major cases relating to the city and being investigated by the CBI's Bhopal unit include a bank scam, cases relating to Ahilya Fertiliser, Dewas Fabrics and trapping of a narcotics inspector. Indore has presence of central government-run enforcement agencies like Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Intelligence Bureau (IB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228239", "title": "Pachaiyappa\u2019s Trust loses three members", "text": "CHENNAI: One of the oldest educational trusts in the country is in disarray. Three members of Pachaiyappa's Trust, including its chairman, resigned from the board over the past few days, leaving faculty members of colleges run by the trust anxious about the future.The trust runs six colleges in the state, including Pachaiyappa's College, one of the country's oldest institutions. M K Loganathan, who served as chairman of the trust from September 2011, sent in his resignation first. Financial trustee A Vetriazhagan and administrative trustee M Pad manaban resigned on Friday.\"This leaves the board of trustees with four members. This means there is no quorum and no decisions can be taken. We may take the issue to court,\" said an official in office of the trust, who declined to be named. Trust secretary Rajagopal was not available for comment.The board has had a distinct leaning towards the DMK, with former chairman Ishari Ganesh getting the backing of the state government in 2009, and Vetriazhagan, grandson of then finance minister K Anbazhagan, being elected to the board. With the DMK out of power, things are not as conducive to party affiliates as they once were.Getting on board the Pachaiyappa's Trust was considered a matter of prestige since the trust owns properties estimated to be worth over 5,000 crore. \"But there is so much infighting now that the members can't even sit together to take major decisions like the appointment of principals,\" said a member of the faculty of one of the colleges run by the trust. \"Even Pachaiyappa's College has been functioning under temporary principals for past few years.\"The trust administers Pachaiyappa's College, which is almost 170 years old, on EVR Periyar High Road, Chellammal College for Women in Guindy, C Kandaswami Naidu College for Men in Anna Nagar, Pachaiyappa's college in Kancheepuram (former CM and DMK founder C N Annadurai is an alumnus), and two colleges in Cuddalore. The trust also owns commercial properties on Anna Salai and Second Line Beach Lane.Academics said the trust has not been active for several years. \"There has been no coordination among the board members, so no policy decisions have been taken,\" said a member of the Association of University Teachers (AUT). Teachers said around 250 teaching and non-teaching posts have been vacant for years, including more than 40 in Pachaiyappa's College.When part of Pachaiyappa's College on Poonamallee High Road and the C Kandaswami Naidu College for Men in Anna Nagar had to be ceded to the metro rail project, the state paid the colleges 20 crore as a goodwill gesture. \"The funds were deposited around six months ago, but remain unused even though facilities are poor in Pachaiyappa's College,\" said professor C Pichandy, AUT state general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228620", "title": "Mumbai ATS officer to interrogate Afzal Khan", "text": "PANAJI: A Mumbai Anti terror squad (ATS) officer has arrived in Goa to interrogate Afzal Khan, who was arrested on suspicion of having terror links.Sources in the police department have confirmed that an officer attached to Mumbai ATS has arrived in Goa and will associate with Goa police in the investigation.\"The ATS officer will associate in the investigation,\" said sources.The police team sent to Pune has returned with some facts which are being verified, a source said. Police are also verifying the facts which emerged during the course of the investigation.Verna police has already moved JMFC, Vasco, seeking permission for a lie detection test on Khan, a native of Uttar Pradesh. Khan was arrested on August 24, after it was revealed that he was trying to convince some locals \"to take drastic steps\" with the intention of promoting enmity between two communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228397", "title": "GHMC's plan on call centre yet to take off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 'much-hyped' call centre that was to be set up by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) to solve citizens' grievances is yet to take off due to hitches in landing a common telephone number.Although a trial run for the call centre was started three months back with separate numbers for various telecom operators, as things stand, BSNL users may call 155304 or 1253 to register grievances free of cost. However, callers using other operators are being charged for using any of the remaining numbers (2330 2440, 2330 2550, 2330 2660, 87907 15555 or 89707 25555) to file a complaint.As multiple call centre numbers may cause confusion, the GHMC had approached BSNL for a common and toll-free number for all operators. And, although BSNL offered to allot a unique number, it was not common for other operators, as requested by the GHMC. Thereafter, BSNL authorities were asked to facilitate a common number (for BSNL and other telecom operators) for which callers using other telecom operators are now paying the required charges.\"A letter has been sent to the Department of Telecom seeking permission for a common call centre number for all telecom operators. The civic body will take a decision on call charges for other operators and other related issues after getting a report from the Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) and the Water Board as to how these organisations were operating their call centres,\" GHMC additional commissioner (IT), K Ashok Reddy, said.The civic body had decided to set up a state-of-the-art call centre on the lines of what was opened a year back by CPDCL. The call centre was to be taken up on a Design Build Operate Maintain and Transfer (DBOMT) basis at a cost of Rs 95.79 lakh.Meanwhile, the three-month trial run of the call centre has exposed snags in the present system of disposal of grievances. As many as 3,522 grievances were received since the trial began, but no action has been taken on 1,872 of them. The grievance disposal rate in zonal offices and at the head office was only 46.85%. Interestingly, only 192 complaints and grievances were addressed within the stipulated time. Of the complaints, Central Zone had disposed of only 32.45% complaints, while West Zone 58.57% followed by North Zone 58.2%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16227734", "title": "Hizb chief echos Geelani\u2019s stand on Amarnath yatra", "text": "SRINAGAR: A day after Hurriyat hawk Syed Ali Shah Geelani alleged that the Union government was trying to change the demography of the Valley by promoting the Amarnath pilgrimage, he was joined by Hizbul Mujahideen supreme commander Syed Salahuddin, bringing them on the same page on any issue for the first time.Agreeing with Geelani, POK-based Salahuddin, who is also the chief of United Jihad Council, said the government of India was sending non-local labourers and increasing number of pilgrims for Amarnath every year so as to eventually make the area Hindu majority. Salahuddin alleged that the Islamic character of Kashmir is being diluted by issuing state subject certificates to outsiders.\"Adopting certain design, non-local labourers from other parts of India are being settled in Jammu &amp; Kashmir to change its demography. Many state subject certificates have been issued to non-locals in Baramulla district,\" Salahudin told a Srinagar-based news agency on telephone from POK.Calling for limiting the number of Amarnath yatris visiting the cave shrine every year, Salahuddin said the increasing number of pilgrims, setting up of permanent infrastructure for them along with increasing interference of non-local labourers in private and public sector, was an indication of the government's plans to change the Muslim majority character of J&amp;K.; He said manipulation in the figures of the census by the government is a step towards changing the demography of the state.He said the death of Amarnath yatris is natural in view of the difficult terrain and hostile climatic conditions. This, he said, could be reduced if the number of yatris is brought down.\"The saffron brigade including the BJP is trying to make an issue out of this to pave the way for changing the Muslim majority character of the state. We will raise voice against such designs and any move to settle non-state subjects in will be resisted,\" he said.Incongruously, however, Salahuddin also said Hizbul wasn't against any religion in particular, which he said is evident from the fact that Kashmiris have facilitated smooth yatra of the yatris.Salahuddin also criticized the setting up of railway lines and constructing roads and tunnels terming it a conspiracy by the \"government of India\" to extend its military infrastructure in the state. He added that although India and Pakistan were working for better relations, peace will elude the subcontinent if the Kashmir issue was not resolved.Confidence building measures like cross-LoC trade, people-to-people contact, etc., are futile, he said. \"The situation in the state in volcanic and it can erupt any time. India is trying to establish its supremacy in the region by ignoring the sacrifices of Kashmiris\", he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16228490", "title": "CPM protest for CBI probe into Marad massacre", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The CPM will hold a march to the collectorate on Friday demanding a CBI investigation into the Marad massacre in 2003.The CPM district secretary T P Ramakrishnan alleged that the UDF government has sabotaged probe by the central agency.He wanted to know as to why the government is silent even after the high court expressed a strong resentment over the failure in bring the actual culprits before the law.The LDF government had asked the Centre twice for a probe by the CBI. But the requests were rejected following the interference of certain bigwigs in the UDF, Ramakrishnan alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227190", "title": "Carpool driver held for molesting five-year-old", "text": "KOLKATA: A 40-year-old carpool driver was arrested on Sunday for allegedly molesting a 5-year-old girl inside the vehicle parked on the premises of a school on Sodepur-Barasat Road near Ghola.The accused driver, Kumaresh Kar alias Kena, allegedly molested a KG-I student in front of another kid, who was threatened with dire consequences when she tried to resist him.This comes close on the heels of another carpool driver getting caught red-handed while trying to rape an eight-year-old girl inside the vehicle, in front of other kids, after parking it inside a posh housing complex in Sodepur on August 27.On Thursday afternoon, when the KG-I girl \u2014 a resident of Chandigarh in Madhyamgram \u2014 boarded the Tata Sumo, along with one of her classmates after the school, the driver was taking rest on the back seat as more students were supposed to come. \"When she sat on the rear seat, the driver took the girl on his lap and molested her,\" alleged the victim's mother in her complaint.She also alleged that unable to bear the torture, her daughter started screaming when her classmate tried to resist Kumaresh. But the driver allegedly threatened the other girl with dire consequences and kept molesting the victim for over 15 minutes till the other students came.According to the mother, she came to know about this on Friday morning when her daughter refused to go to the school in the car. \"My daughter was traumatized since Friday morning. When I asked her the reason behind this, she started crying and narrated her plight,\" the girl's mother said. She also alleged that the driver had earlier also molested the girl several times inside the vehicle and threatened her with dire consequences if she told it to anyone.After receiving the complaint, police arrested the accused from his Madhyamgram residence. \"The driver was arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the girl's mother. He will be produced before the Barrackpore court on Monday,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228739", "title": "Kerala diaspora welcomes Mahabali", "text": "LUCKNOW: Onam, the traditional harvest festival of Kerala was celebrated with traditional fervour on Sunday morning. Even heavy rain could do little to curb the enthusiasm of the men, women and children, who thronged the CMS auditorium in Gomtinagar in large numbers in traditional attire.Considered as one of the auspicious festivals, Onam is celebrated to welcome the return of Mahabali, a benevolent king. \"Mahabali, an asura king, was known for his generosity. Under his rule, people lived in peace with no discrimination between rich and poor. One day, Lord Vishnu decided to test Mahabali,\" said Poonam, a student.She added that Lord Vishnu descended on the earth in form of a dwarf (Vamana) and asked him for three feet of land. The moment Vamana's wish was granted, he assumed his celestial form and in two steps covered both the heaven and earth. Vamana asked Mahabali where he should put the third step. Mahabali recognised that Vamana was Lord Vishnu and without any hesitation, he bowed his head and offered it for the third step. Vamana kept his third foot on the King's head and the King was pushed to the Patala. He was however, granted wish to come to the earth once a year.The festival was organised under the aegis of Kerala Samajam, which was established in 1956 in Lucknow. Minister of state for protocol, Prof Abhishek Mishra and Lt General PR Gangadharan inaugurated the programme. The other dignitaries who attended the event include Jagdish Gandhi, founder manager of City Montessori School. As per the tradition, a colourful Pookkalam (rangoli) was decorated and variety of cultural programmes were performed which included Kaikottikali (clap dance). King Mahabali's yearly visit was played in a royal manner and in the end, Kerala's traditional lunch, Onasadya was served on banana leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16232329", "title": "Thane activist to petition human rights body for defective road", "text": "THANE: Citizen activist Nitin Deshpande is set to file a petition in the State Human Rights Commission against the Thane municipal corporation and the road contractor responsible for the defective construction of the LBS Marg here.A defective patch of the newly-constructed cement concrete road on the LBS marg, has resulted in a death of a 23-year-old motorcyclist Anand Patil on Thursday. Patil was said to be squeezing his way from in between the heavy vehicle traffic, when the rear wheels of his two-wheeler slipped due to uneven road surface. Taken off guard the rider was thrown off the two-wheeler and got caught under the rear wheels of a truck passing by.The incident occurred opposite Tip Tip hotel and bang in front of the upscale Raheja Garden complex. Though Patil was sporting a helmet, the impact of the fall was such that the head gear came out rolling immediately after the fall leaving the youngster vulnerable. A goods truck which was driving close-by ran over Patil and rendered him lifeless.Deshpande said the culpability lies with the TMC administration and the road contractor who had ignored the locals demand to repair the defective patch. It was an accident waiting to happen. My wife who rides a two-wheeler and regularly passes through this road had often complained about the patch which was uneven and would prove dangerous for two-wheelers. One young man has been killed and the civic administration cannot shirk away its responsibility for the bad condition of the road here,'' he said. Deshpande will petition the SHRC seeking action against the corporation.A locals Shiv Sena functionary, Vikas Repale said he had stopped the road construction work in January and had pointed out the defective patch to the civic officials and the road contractor one Ashwini Infra Projects Ltd.However, he resumed work without attending to the defective patch on LBS road. The civic officials said he will repair the patch as and when he could finish the work on the construction of the service road adjacent to the Raheja Complex. However, one life has been lost because of the delay and it is the responsibility of the corporation,''Repale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16227922", "title": "88 years ago, Bapu battled malnutrition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi may think that the widespread malnourishment in the state is because middle class families are 'beauty conscious\", but almost 88 years ago in 1924, Mahatma Gandhi , had launched a nutrition mission for the city to counter wide scale malnutrition.In several of his public meetings during civic campaigns organized within Ahmedabad, Bapu blamed poverty and lack of knowledge among the urban and rural poor for the poor nutrition and high infant-mortality rates.For this, Bapu drew a roadmap where public and the government joined hands. In a public gathering in 1924, Bapu wanted the municipality to take control of milk dairies to supply clean and cheap milk to children and nursing mothers. He further insisted that sanitary discipline was the key to improving health of families.Bapu had kick started a campaign for providing cheap and clean milk to children in Ahmedabad. To counter the high infant-mortality rate, Bapu had insisted that it was important to monitor sanitation and what nursing mothers were fed, as it had direct implications on the mother's milk and the infant's health. Ahmedabad was perhaps the only city for which he had a dream and where he wanted his experiments to remove malnutrition among the urban poor become an example for the whole country.He wrote in Navjivan, a journal he edited, \"The child does not always get the food it needs. The requirements of infant diet are easy to understand. The child should be brought up on mother's milk and, when it is no longer available, it should get cow's milk. Instead, the child is switched on to cooked food even before it has cut teeth. It is fed on cereals even before its stomach is ready for them. Consequently, the child is attacked by diseases, grows weak and often dies an untimely death. Our poverty and ignorance are the main reasons for the unsuitable food of our children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226582", "title": "Six-month rural stint may soon be mandatory for MBBS degree", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rural positing for six months will soon become compulsory for undergraduate medical students before they get their MBBS degree with the Medical Council of India (MCI) recently presenting the proposal to the health ministry.At present, an MBBS course of 5.5 years includes one year of internship. However, most of these medical students end up practising in urban settings, refusing to serve the country's rural population.The MCI has suggested that a six-month rural posting (serving in a primary or a community health centre) should be made a compulsory part of the curriculum of the country's undergraduate medical education. The students can spend the other half of the year interning in an urban setting.MCI chairman Dr K K Talwar told TOI that the proposal was presented to the health secretary recently. \"We are presently fine tuning the proposal which will ultimately be notified by the health ministry. A six-month rural posting will become mandatory,\" Dr Talwar said.An official said the health ministry and the MCI were close to reaching a consensus on the issue of rural posting. Calling it \"a meeting of minds\", the official said, \"Getting a medical student to practise for one whole year in a rural setting was difficult. So we are breaking it into six months each of urban and rural internship.\"The official added, \"MCI is working out what change is required in regulation to make a six-month rural posting mandatory for all MBBS students. At present, medical education is urban and big town-centric. So, when doctors pass out, they aren't confident in dealing with public health needs. By serving rural areas for just six months, they will get an experience on dealing with rare and difficult diseases.\"India's rural health services are presently in a dismal state. The latest rural health statistics 2011 say there is a 76% shortage of doctors in rural India, there are 53% fewer nurses , specialist doctors are short by 88%, radiographers are short by 85% and laboratory technicians are short by 80%.As against the need to have 1,78,267 sub-centres, there are only 1,48,124 \u2014 about 17% short. A quarter of them don't have water and electricity.Earlier, a National Rural Health Mission report said out of the sanctioned posts, about 59.4% of surgeons, 45% of obstetricians and gynecologists, 61.1% of physicians and 53.8% of pediatricians were vacant. In effect, 67% of doctors enrolled for rural posting remain absent from duty.The report said, \"Clearly, there is a huge challenge to meet the shortfall for rural health infrastructure, specially the manpower.\"India churns out over 45,000 medical graduates annually, but most of them are reluctant to serve in villages and would rather join the private sector for better salaries and an urban posting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16231722", "title": "DC orders dismissal of rojgar sevak in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hazaribag DC Manish Ranjan has ordered the immediate dismissal of rojgar sevak Arvind Kumar Bharati from service following detection of irregularities by him during the executions of the MGNREGA schemes in Barhi and Barkatha blocks of the district.During inspection of the scheme in Kariyatpur panchayat under Barhi Block the DC found that Bharati had used false names to withdraw money for construction of road at Pipra Dodhar village. The DC also detected that out of the 44 names shown in the register only six labourers were engaged in the construction work.Ranjan is also understood to have reprimanded the Barhi BDO, who was accompanying him during the inspection, for not monitoring the work properly.\"I have directed the BDO to take immediate action for dismissal of the rojgar sevak for alleged irregularities committed by him,\" the DC said.During the inspection, the DC interacted with the labourers and asked them whether they were getting regular wages or not. The workers informed Ranjan that the work where he found grave irregularities actually started only five days ago.The DC directed the BDO to check the register and see that the workers receive their wages in time without any break.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228326", "title": "Dammam: A hub for terror funding", "text": "HYDERABAD: As Dubai became a hub for dumping fake currency in India, terror organisations are turning the oil-rich city of Dammam in Saudi Arabia into centre for raising money to fund and execute terror strikes in India. Police suspect that the money to execute the conspiracy to eliminate two corporators and a leader from Hindu right-wing organisation, using city-based terror suspect Obaid-Ur-Rahman, might have come from Dammam.Several terror suspects, including Fasih Mahmood, an engineer wanted for the Chinnaswamy stadium bomb blast case, reside in Dammam. The Union government has been trying to extradite Fasih Mahmood, who is presently in the custody of the Saudi Arabian police.Several Muslims from India and neighbouring countries migrated to Dammam in search of livelihood. However, some of them got into terror-related activities and are mobilising funds in the name of 'Kifalath' (helping the needy) and other purposes.As a result, money remittances from Saudi Arabia, especially Dammam, has been under the scrutiny of various intelligence agencies. Bank accounts and transactions of suspected persons and organisations were being monitored. But still, the necessary money managed to reach the unscrupulous elements. Besides activities like 'Kifalath', intelligence officials said programmes like Tarbiyat (training programme), which are generally attended by youngsters, are frequently organised and members of terrorist organisations lure youngsters for their cause and develop modules in India. During the Tarbiyat, funds were raised in the past citing various reasons.\"Terror organisations and terrorists frequently change their modus operandi of routing the money as and when they start suspecting that police or other agencies have kept a watch about their transactions and actions,'' sources in intelligence told TOI.This was actually corroborated by Mohammed Arifuddin Rehman, a terror suspect who was arrested nearly a year back by the Hyderabad police for his involvement in planting a bomb in Dilsukhnagar in 2000. Arifuddin had fled to Dammam after his bid to execute a bomb blast in Dilsukhnagar failed and stayed there for a few years.When police nabbed him, he reportedly confessed that he raised funds to support the families of accused involved in various terror activities across India besides divulging that \"frequently they used to change their plans since police and other agencies were keeping a watch on their activities''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16232215", "title": "E-books make debut at Delhi Book Fair", "text": "NEW DELHI: This year's edition of the Delhi Book Fair has a lot in store for bibliophiles. In a first, the fair - which turned 18 this year - has e-books and web-based applications on display. That's not all. Visitors will also be treated to a unique film festival where movies based on Indian novels will be screened.On the inaugural day of the fair, a number of publishers were seen promoting e-books and trying to get small and medium publishers to move towards digitising books. Vishv Books, a Delhi-based publishing house has recently launched various applications created for iPads and Android tablets. These applications have been developed for 10 books in the children's segment. \"We are trying to make books as interactive as possible. The innovation will help parents read out stories to children from Android phones. We are mulling the addition of a new feature where the parent can record his/her voice to narrate the story ,\" said director, Vishv Books, Mudit Mohini.The new stalls were thronged by parents as well as children. \"I haven't read out to my daughter from an e-book till now. Holding a tablet while putting her to bed is not convenient. But after she grows up a little, she would want to read e-books,\" said Sangita Gupta, who came with her toddler.Even e-book distributors were seen networking with publishers. OverDrive, a US-based digital distributor has put up a stall to woo small Indian publishers. \"This year, a lot of Indian publishers have signed up with us. The number of Indian publishers moving to digitised versions has almost grown four times. But it is still modest compared to other countries. We thought the Delhi Book Fair would be the best platform to rope in more publishers,\" said business development executive (Europe and Asia), Johanna Brinton.Apart from e-books, the fair also boasts of a wide variety of regional and Hindi books. Sheikh Mubarak Ali Publishers from Pakistan have a range of Urdu fiction and non-fiction on display at their stall. Publishers like Sahitya Academy offered a huge collection of regional language books. Hindi literature, including books translated by Jnanapeeth awardees, can also be seen in abundance.The stall from Indian Museum, Kolkata - participating for the first time - has some replicas of antiques, post cards and albums of Jamini Roy and Kalighat Pata paintings, Mathura sculptures and much more on offer for readers with a love for history. Adding to the variety is a stall on scientology (a body of beliefs and self-help practices) by Delhi Scientology Group with books by L Ron Hubbard .The fair is on till September 9 at Pragati Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228885", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation blocks entry of 80 plaster of paris idols", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Sunday denied permission for entry of 80 idols made of plaster of paris (PoP). Meanwhile, the zone-wise squads are set to start inspecting and seizing PoP idols from Monday. Construction work of immersion tank at Sonegaon lake is also in final stage.NMC's assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram told TOI that four trucks carrying ganesh idols came at various check-posts. \"Directives were given to officials at all check posts not to let any idols into the city without inspection by the health department. Accordingly, officials and experts reported idols in two trucks as PoP. These trucks were refused entry,\" he said.Medical officer (sanitation) Dr Ashok Urkude said that 80 PoP idols were being transported from Amravati in two trucks that reported at Wadi octroi post. \"Idols were inspected at 2 am,\" he said. Urkude further said two more trucks transporting 170 idols were stopped at Bhandara road octroi post. \"Experts reported the idols as made of clay. These were allowed entry. All idols were being brought from Chapeghadi in Bhandara district,\" he said.The NMC has appointed shift-wise squads comprising health inspectors and idol experts at the control room. Squads will go and inspect idols whenever they come at octroi posts. Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir had asked the assistant commissioners of all ten zones to form the squads for inspection and seizing of PoP idols. The zone-wise squads comprising deputy engineers, health officials and idols experts have been formed. The inspection drive will kick off from Monday.Sources told TOI that a large number of PoP idols had already entered the city. Besides, many PoP idols were reportedly made in the city itself. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is taking all efforts to ensure ban on PoP idols is implemented.NMC has expedited construction of idol immersion tank at Sonegaon lake. The work was stopped owing to rains. TOI had reported that the delay in construction may lead to immersion of idols in Sonegaon lake itself thus negating the rejuvenation work carried out recently. The NMC has desilted the lake with funds under National Lakes Conservation Plan (NLCP). One of the conditions of plan was to ensure no immersion of idols takes place in the lake.NMC has also placed a bin at Sonegaon lake for collection of nirmalya. Even citizens are responding to it as as many plastic bags containing nirmalya and other pooja materials were seen dumped in the bin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16234397", "title": "Ganesha festival in Hubli under cops' watchful eye", "text": "HUBLI: Security will be tightened in Hubli and Belgaum ahead of the Ganesha festival (September 19) this year. CCTV cameras will play a major role and additional police forces will be deployed. This follows reports of alleged plans of suspected LeT (Lashkar-e-Taiba )and HuJI (Harkat-ul-Jihadal-Islami )operatives to target the festival. The Bangalore City Crime Branch (CCB) so far have arrested 13 suspected operatives by busting their module.The authorities in the two cities will keep extra vigil as the festival is celebrated in a very big way every year. People from distant places come to Hubli and Belgaum to participate in the puja at the colourful Ganesha pandals for 11 days.As part of the tight security, police will keep a tab on each person coming to the city for the festival and conduct brisk checks. People who come in groups will be questioned, said police.All vulnerable places in the city will be guarded by adequate police personnel. Besides, all streets and corners including each pandal will have CCTV cameras in Hubli and Belgaum to keep an eye on the movements of suspected elements during the celebrations.A strict vigil will be kept in all important areas in Hubli and in Belgaum.Till last year, about 1,500 police, 600 home guards and 800 additional staff from neighboring districts used to be deployed on security duty in Hubli during the festival. But now an additional 1,000 police personnel and extra 500-600 home guards will be deployed in the city, police said.BA Padmanayana, Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner, told TOI that they would make unprecedented security arrangements during the celebrations to avoid any untoward incidents. \"We have planned to install CCTV cameras in all most all important areas. This time more CCTVs will be installed in the city than last year. Dog squad will be strengthened and police have been put on high alert. We will tell the public to be on the alert and keep police informed if they come across anyone moving in suspicious circumstances,\" he added. Hubli assistant commissioner of police A Badiger said they will call a meeting of the organizations which will install theGanesha idols in public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16227087", "title": "Rajansthan's textiles push with 9 dedicated parks", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central government has approved nine textile parks worth Rs1,500 crore in Rajasthan, and an additional grant of Rs 400 crore to promote this industry in the state, a senior official here said.An assurance has also been given that Vastra 2012, the international textile fair to be held here from Nov 22-25 would be a grand success, the official said, referring to a meeting with Union textiles secretary Kiran Dhingra.Rajasthan already had sanction for five textile parks. Four more were approved for the state recently as part of 21 such facilities across the country, in a bid to create additional jobs for four lakh people.During the meeting, the senior bureaucrat said that the additional Rs 400 crore for Rajasthan's textile sector was being provided for under the Scheme for Integrated Textile Parks, seeing the potential it holds in the state.The response came even as chief secretary C K Mathew said projects worth Rs 27,240 crore had thus far been approved in Rajasthan under the Technology Upgradation Funds Scheme.This amounts to as much as 14 percent of the total investment in this sector across India. Efforts will continue to further expand and upgrade the textile sector in Rajasthan, the official quoted Mathew as saying at the meeting.The chief secretary also said that the state has made good use of the scheme for apparel training and design centres that has gone a long way in addressing the shortfall of skilled workers.The meeting, also attended by Joint Secretary-Textiles Sunaina Tomar and the state's Principal Secretary-Industries Sunil Arora, who also chairs the Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation, was told that 4,400 people had been trained under the scheme.Others at the meeting included principal secretary (revenue) Malvika Panwar, Bureau of Investment Promotion Commissioner Purushottam Agarwal, principal secretary ( finance ) Govind Sharma, energy secretary Nareshpal Gangwar and RIICO managing director Rajendra Bhanawat. ians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227369", "title": "Letterheads in plenty at Daryaganj", "text": "NEW DELHI: Book lovers elbow their way through the crowd on the pavements; hawkers blend into each other as they shout behind stacks of yellowed books. It's a Sunday and the narrow lanes of Daryaganj have come alive. But amid all the hustle and bustle, there is one hawker that stands out. Unlike other vendors who sell books and knick-knacks, Mohit's wares are meant for a different clientele. The white papers he sells look ordinary enough and but a closer look suggests otherwise.These papers are actually letterheads of leading companies like DLF, GAIL, Motorola, Indiatimes.com, Oracle, Convergys, T.G.I. Fridays and banks like Punjab and Sind. Another paper that leaps to the eye is the letterhead of Congress MLA Dr Bijender Singh, chairman of National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation of India (TOI got hold of a copy). You name it and the hawkers will conjure it. In case they don't have the letterhead, they will have it arranged by next Sunday.The letterheads, so easily available, are open to misuse. They can be used for any official work, from appointment to resignation, and are dangerous in the hands of forgers.But Mohit is ready with his defence. \"The letterheads are of value as most of them are not authentic and have printing errors. Moreover, a letterhead cannot be used as an official document unless it has a stamp and a signatory,\" he says. However, when TOI scrutinized some of these letterheads, the defects were not easy to detect. There were letterheads of some doctors too.When asked how he collected these letterheads, Mohit says, \"This is Old Delhi. Rejected letterheads are in abundance at printing houses in areas like Nai Sarak and Chandni Chowk.\"Another such seller called Dheeraj Kumar said in the age of the internet, these letterheads have lost their significance.\"Nowadays, all transactions are made on the net and through mails. These letterheads are of little value. People pick them up sometimes for their design and use them as letter pads,\" said Dheeraj.When Devesh Srivastava, additional commissioner of Police (central), was informed about this, he was shocked. \"These papers can be used for forgery. A letterhead is like an official statement. If any letter is forged, then the Forgery Act is applicable and can land one in jail. There are government guidelines that they should be destroyed if not in use,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/surat", "code": "16228104", "title": "Sanjay Joshi visits Kashiram Rana\u2019s family", "text": "AHMEDABAD/SURAT: Senior RSS leader Sanjay Joshi visited the city on Sunday to pay homage to veteran politician Kashiram Rana , who passed away on Friday. Rana was considered to be a close associate of Joshi.Arriving from Jodhpur, Joshi met Rana's family members to offer his condolence. He spent half an hour at Rana's house and was accompanied by Jayanti Kevat, national convener of BJP's fisherman cell and Dipak Jadhav, president of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Smruti Trust at Silvassa.He also visited the RSS office near Rana's house and met local leaders present there. Sources said that some close confidantes of Joshi discussed locale issues with him during his 30-minute stay at the office.Joshi once again decided to keep away from the media. This was Joshi's third visit to Gujarat in the last one month. tnnHe spent half an hour at Rana's house and was accompanied by Jayanti Kevat, national convener of BJP's fisherman cell, and Dipak Jadhav, president of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Smruti Trust", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16231728", "title": "Copter victim's body brought home", "text": "SAMBALPUR: People gave a heroic send off to a deceased Air Force engineer after his body was brought to his native village of Ghantmal in Jharsuguda district's Kolabira police station area on Sunday morning.The engineer, Harekrushna Patel, was one among the nine IAF personnel killed when two helicopters collided mid-air shortly after take off from an air base near Jamnagar in Gujarat three days ago.The body was first brought to Jharsuguda in a special air craft. It was then taken by road to his village, which is 25 km from the district headquarters. The body was cremated at the village after a guard of honour by police and Air Force officials present on the spot.Sources said Harekrushna was recently posted in Bhagalpur and had gone to Jamnagar to attend a training programme. \"Tragedy struck when two of MI-17 helicopters collided mid-air shortly after take off from an air base during a training session,\" said an Air Force official, M Pramod Kumar. He along with other IAF personeel had accompanied Patel's body to the village.\"It was a sad moment for every one of us in the village. Harekrushna was well known for his friendly personality. He used to meet and talk to everyone whenever he visited the village. We, however, feel proud for him,\" a fellow villager, Nab Kumar Patel, said. Police echoed the sentiment. \"Jharsuguda feels proud for the officer. He will always be remembered by the people,\" SP (Jharsuguda) KS Kunwar said.Villagers said Harekrushna is survived by his wife, Surabhi, and two daughters. While the elder is seven years old, the other is a three-month-old infant. \"I do not know how to take care of the children with out may husband,\" wailed Surabhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16226553", "title": "Corruption allegations plague Thane road project", "text": "THANE: Till recently, the 2km-long Gladys Alvares road was the pride of Thane, given the seamless drive past swanky high-rises. Today, this stretch, officially known as Barrister Nath Pai road, is tarred with allegations of inflated project costs, corruption and collusion between Thane civic officials, contractors and politicians.Questions are being raised about the multi-crore variation in the project costs at every stage, given the huge difference in the costs initially approved by the general body of the TMC, the cost estimate drawn up by the engineering department and the actual amount at which the contract was awarded to a cartel of three companies, Sahyadri Constructions, RPS Infra projects ltd and Saket Infra Projects Ltd.Vague explanations by the civic administration about the sudden need to change the project technology from the proposed cement concrete road to mechanized mastic asphalt has also raised eyebrows, with locals determined to drag the TMC to court on the issue.\"The initial proposal moved in 2010 was for construction of a 2km cement concrete road. The TMC general body gave its administrative and financial sanction to use Rs 38.10 crore of civic funds for the concretization project. In August 2011, the department suddenly abandoned plans for a cement concrete road and proposed to redo the road using the less expensive mastic asphalt technology,\" a civic official said. PWD engineers said costs for a cement concrete road would be in the range of Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,000 per sq m, while a mechanized mastic asphalt road would cost anywhere between Rs 2,000 to Rs 2,500 per sq m. Put simply, costs for the road should have been drastically downscaled following the shift to cheaper technology. However, Thaneites are likely to end up with an overpriced road, as there was no change in the amount when the revised proposal was tabled before the TMC general body in 2011.When the TMC general body was informed about the shift to cheaper technology, there was no attempt to slash the sanctioned cost for the project.\"A new proposal for use of mechanized mastic alphalt was put up for sanction before the general body in August 2011. In the revised proposal, sanction was taken for the same amount of Rs 38.10 crore. Ideally, it should have been slashed as the road project was revised. The engineering department did not inform the TMC about any rate revision,\" a civic official said.The city engineering department, responsible for undertaking road construction projects, initially drew up an estimate of Rs 29.60 lakh for the widening and reconstruction of the road when it invited bids from road-building contractors, but the contract was finally awarded at Rs 34.99 crore. \"How do they explain the huge variation in costs? If the project costs have fallen, why was the general body of the corporationnot informed about the cut in project costs,\" asked a civic official.Officials in the engineering department, however, said there were no administrative anomalies in the project and that plans for concretization of the 2km road were shelved following the recommendation of a professor from IIT-Bombay. \"There is nothing wrong with changing the road technology as mastic asphalt is less expensive and cost-effective,\" said city engineer K D Lala.\"It is just an administrative exercise. So long as the project is well below the sanctioned amount of Rs 38.10 crore, it is fine. We are in fact saving money by using cheaper and effective technology,\" executive engineer Dhole told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "banagalore", "code": "16227211", "title": "NHAI seeks police protection for toll", "text": "BANAGALORE: The collection of toll at Sadahalli plaza on Bellary Road resumed on Sunday midnight. National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) officials are not taking any chances and have asked for police protection.\"We've requested the government to give police protection at the toll plaza, near the Trumpet Intersection, because cab associations have been criticizing toll collection,\" an NHAI official said, recalling an instance of vandalism at the plaza when they started collecting toll some time ago.Toll collection is going on at the two plazas beyond the Trumpet Intersection. When the Sadahalli plaza commenced toll collection earlier, protesters had vandalized the booths and blocked the airport traffic for hours.The initial proposal was to upgrade the highway to six lanes, having two-lane service roads on both sides and then collect toll from the commuters.This time, the cab associations have made no announcement of protests. The toll could burden villagers and farmers coming from Devanahalli and surrounding villages to sell their produce in the city. Many private cab companies have already started charging their clients Rs 30 more for airport trips. Many companies said the extra amount collected is the toll fee which will have to be borne by the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16226881", "title": "Man shot at, wife's body found killed and stuffed in bed box", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 56-year-old man was shot at in Rajendra Nagar of Ghaziabad on Saturday while he was entering his house. The victim, Shiv Kumar, is the son of a Yogacharya and is associated with Yoga guru Ramdev. Kumar told the cops that after his attacker fled from his house, he found his wife killed and stuffed in a bed box. A case under Section 302 of the IPC has been lodged and a manhunt is on to nab the criminals.SP (city), SS Yadav, said Shiv Kumar lived with his wife Atendri in Sector 2 of Rajender Nagar. \"Kumar had gone to Haridwar on Friday and the matter was reported to us on Saturday at 9pm when he returned home,\" said Yadav.Kumar told the cops that after returning to Ghaziabad, he called his wife but got no response. When he reached the main gate of his house, he found it ajar. \"All the lights in the house were switched off. As soon as Kumar entered the house, an unidentified person opened fire on him, but he managed to escape and raised an alarm,\" said a senior police officer.The victim, in his complaint, said that he got married to Atendri seven years back after his first wife died. He has a son, Ashish, from the first wife who opposed his second marriage. \"His son Ashish is a notorious person. Kumar was planning to sell his property and when Ashish came to know of it, he felt insecure that he may not get a share. Kumar has alleged that Ashish hatched a plan to kill him and his step-mother in collaboration with his brother-in-law,\" Yadav said.\"Initial probe shows that the woman was strangled with a wire and then stuffed inside the bed box. Shiv Kumar has lodged a complaint against Ashish and his son-in-law,\" Yadav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231823", "title": "Molest bid in school bus leaves parents worried", "text": "RANCHI: Parents have become worried about the safety of their children in school in the wake of a recent incident of a bus conductor misbehaving with a student inside the vehicle a few days ago.A nine-year-old girl of St Michael School was on her way back to home in the bus. She was the only student in the vehicle as her house was the last stop. The conductor of the bus was drunk and tried to molest the girl who had jumped out of the moving bus to save herself. This incident has raised a question on the safety of students in the school.In a meeting of Jharkhand Parents' Association, general secretary of the association Ajay Rai said, \"After this incident, I think none of our children is safe in the school anymore. Strict action should be taken against such culprits and the school administration should also think twice before employing anyone.\"The association demands for the safety of their children. Rai said, \"Only experienced drivers and conductors should be employed and that also after the verification of their character. One woman teacher should be in the bus till the last stop and no unknown person should be allowed to board the bus when students are in it. Traffic police should also use breathalysers to check if the drivers and conductors are drunk.\"The association also demands for the appointment of chairperson of Jharkhand Education Tribunal. Rai said, \"More than 30 cases are pending for hearing because of unavailability of a chairperson which is creating a lot of problems for the parents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16227131", "title": "Gurgaon\u2019s biggest art festival this month", "text": "GURGAON: Previously, the organizers of 'Art Mart' have called it Gurgaon's biggest art festival. And this year, when the annual event is inaugurated afresh, we are assured that it will all be 'bigger than before.' This would be the fourth season of Art Mart \u2014 a common forum for artists, collectors and buyers. And the three-day event this year, too, is packed with art exhibitions, and a few cultural performances.\"With Art Mart IV, we will be celebrating the 100th anniversary of Indian Cinema. This would be our central theme this year,\" said a representative of Epicentre, Gurgaon, the venue for Art Mart.Beginning September 21, the festival is expecting a healthy turnout of aficionados and enthusiasts this year, too. \"We have had some 8,000 to 9,000 people every year. And the number has gone steadily up. This year we are definitely expecting more than 9,000 footfalls,\" the representative added.True to the main theme, a special selection of artworks focused on Indian and Western cinema will also be showcased at the venue. \"We also have a wide variety of activities planned for the three days. These include discussions, workshops, art appreciation courses, painting competitions and much more.\"Organized by the hospitality company, Old World Hospitality, the art festival is also aimed at providing a popular platform to budding talent. \"This year's event will feature some exciting new art works created by a group of young emerging stars from across the country, who were nominated by well-known established artists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16233878", "title": "Demand for exclusive board for arecanut growers", "text": "MANGALORE: A delegation comprising Congress leaders of Dakshina Kannada district will soon travel to Delhi and submit a memorandum to the Union government to open up an exclusive board for arecanut growers, said B Ramanath Rai, president of Dakshina Kannada Pradesh Congress Committee (DKPCC) here on Saturday. Talking to reporters, he said an exclusive arecanut board would be helpful for growers across the country, but particularly for Dakshina Kannada arecanut growers since \"it is the major commercial crop here\".Ramanath said he welcomes the government's move to increase the import duty on arecanut by 108%. He also said Gorakh Singh Committee's report is almost in the final stages of implementation. \"During our commission's visit to Delhi, we will also urge the Centre to implement Gorakh Singh committee's report soon for the welfare of arecanut growers,\" he added.DKPCC will also request the Centre to waive the agricultural loans of marginal arecanut growers, he said. When pointed out that CAMPCO was not convinced about opening an exclusive arecanut board, Ramanath defended the decision saying CAMPCO was worried about losing monopoly over arecanut business in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226634", "title": "Brace for auto, taxi fare hike this month in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto and taxi fares could go up this month, with the state transport department likely to take a final call on fare revision within a fortnight. Once their fares were increased, the rates demanded by fleet-cabs and cool cabs would also gradually rise, a source in the Mantralaya said.\"The state transport department is likely to announce a rise in fares of autos and taxis in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai within the next 15 days. The quantum of hike will be decided after speaking to a group of consumer activists and referring to the recommendations made by the one-member Hakim committee,\" said an official.The Hakim panel report, which had recommended a rise of Rs 3 on the basic fare of both autos and taxis, is with the transport commissioner's office in Bandra. Once it is submitted to Mantralaya this week, the government will decide whether to accept the entire report or reject some of the recommendations. \"After the decision is taken, the MMRTA will call for a meeting, apply the new Hakim committee formula and decide on the future fare hikes for both autos and taxis,'' the senior official stated.Taxi unions are impatient and have threatened to stage an agitation if the government does not raise the fares by mid-September. \"Our cabbies are incurring losses of Rs 250 to Rs 300 daily. We want the fare increase at the earliest,\" said union leader A L Quadros. Other taxi union leaders such as Thampy Kurien and K K Tiwari are reportedly satisfied with the Hakim report, which has also suggested setting up of more stands, parking lots, allowing ads on taxis and increasing charges for prepaid taxi services.Auto unions, however, have preferred to remain silent on the Hakim report, with several of them reportedly happy with the Rs-3 increase, which will raise their basic fare from Rs 12 to Rs 15. \"We will wait for the government to take a final decision. We have not planned any kind of protest over fare increase,\" said a leader. Sharad Rao's union's plan to protest outside transport commissioner's office on September 11 might may be deferred, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228510", "title": "Mining is tolling the bells for Goa", "text": "PANAJI: When the earth cooled down 4,000 million years ago, molten iron being heavy as well as the major metallic component of the earth's mass, moved towards the central spherical portion and exists today as \"hot molten mass\", together with other minerals. Over millions of years, under acute pressure the molten mass in earth's \"mantle core\" tended to find its way to the surface, through cracks, fissures and faults lines, aided by water which transforms itself into steam when it comes across high temperature molten mass.Goa being a very ancient mass, over its 500 million year of history saw the land emerge from the sea, into hilly terrain and coastal plains. Whether the emergence of Goa is due to the Gondwana hypothesis of continental drift, carving out the Western Ghats, just as the Himalayas , is for serious geoscientists to contemplate. It is relevant to observe that Goa's terrestrial mass, cooled down quickly into hilly terrain under water, after the iron laden molten mass solidified over millions of years to generate and regenerate into the ecological diverse yet fragile Western Ghat ecosystem.Goa's unique topology scientifically reveals that the density gradient evolved, shows mass separation of soil layers, with hard impervious rocks, mounted upon by brand iron layers, followed by magniferrous clays, lateritic stones and topped by alluvial silt and fertile soil, formed during the era when organic activity on the earth's surface cascaded over millennia to generate the diverse forms of life, untouched and without human interference.The heavy branded iron deposits in Goa afforded stability to the once fragile terrain, iron being heavy in its oxidized states of hematitic or magnetic forms, it afforded stability and ground strength making Goa free of earthquakes and volcanoes. This physical and chemical stability allowed Goa to evolve genetic biodiversity exclusively known to the Western Ghats belt.So when primitive man emerged over 50,000 years ago, Goa was already rich in bio-reserves and mineral wealth, including precious metals and rare earth. Civilization in Goa has been recorded only during the last 10,000 years.Our ancestors respectfully thanked mother nature in the form of rain, sea, animal and plant forms. We have sacred forests, heritage groves, harvest festivals, songs eulogizing fishing, farming and hunting. With 120 inches of rainfall annually, Goa was a paradise with streams, lakes, ponds and fresh water riverine system. The \"iron ore\" belt acted as a sponge filtering and storing water and releasing it slowly during the summer months when the earth was dry.Nature in Goa evolved and established itself into verdant hilly terrain supporting wildlife and forest flora which was sustainable, used by our ancestors as a resource. The rich alluvial soil flowing from the ghats into the coastal plains, along with copious amounts of water available from our perennially flowing rivers, made agriculture, horticulture and sustenance on forest ecosystems and vegetable cultivation a viable economic activity. The dhangar community is evidence of our rich past quality of living.In the last 50 years, mine owners exploited the ill-conceived mining leases granted by the Portuguese government to fuel industrial development. From 50,000 tonnes of iron ore excavated during the Portuguese regime, we have today, over 55 million tonnes of iron ore extracted every year. This mindless and destructive extraction has destroyed agriculture with mining silt, depleted our perennial fresh water aquifers, silted our rivers and killed our aquatic fauna, specially the mangrove breeding grounds and benthic clams, oysters and detritus feeding shrimps and mullets.Today, there are 10,000 million tonnes of mining rejects strewn over agricultural fields, green forest and around dams, covering fresh water lakes and ponds. While urban Goans pay the price of consuming toxic water supplied through the public distribution system, rural Goans are left parched as mining has gone below the water table.During the 1980s, 15 million tonnes of ore were being extracted, resulting in damage to agriculture, due to runoffs from ore beneficiation plants. Governments over the last 35 years have had no vision for a model to develop the state holistically. Mining continued as an unsustainable activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228732", "title": "LMC commissioner shifted, kept in waiting, 13 IAS transferred", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly 22 days after UP urban development minister Azam Khan recommended the suspension of Nagendra Pratap Singh, Lucknow municipal commissioner, the state government on Sunday transferred NP Singh. Azam had recommended Singh's suspension on charges of laxity in performing duties. The development brings curtains down, at least to an extent, on widely speculated theories of growing differences between UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Azam Khan.While Singh was kept on the waiting list, the state government did not post a new municipal commissioner till the time of filing this report.Azam had recommended Singh's suspension after he came across filth near Gulistan Colony, the spot, which, surprisingly does not come under the jurisdiction of Lucknow Municipal Corporation. While Singh's laxity was projected as the main reason for Azam recommending his suspension, speculation were rife that that it was Singh's move to block funds for laying of sewer line under JNNURM projects and recommendation an inquiry by IIT, which had probably irked the minister.Interestingly, UP chief minister did not respond to the recommendation of Khan and allowed Singh to work in the same capacity.The apparent estranged relation between Khan and Singh appeared to have eased only last week with the former praising the municipal commissioner of showing signs of \"improvement\". Singh, too, reportedly had responded in a positive frame and had reportedly ordered release of funds.Just when things appeared working in the right direction for the minister and municipal boss, a meeting of urban development department called by Khan sparked a fresh row. Khan, who reached the meeting in time, was left fuming after seeing various senior officials including principal secretary, Praveer Kumar, absent. In fact, an angry Khan called a senior PCS officer 'Badtameez' (ill-mannered). Khan, was quick to remark that \"suspension of officials was not under his jurisdiction.\"Even as the incident that projected Khan in a poor light, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav tried to ease the situation. He walked up to the residence of Khan in Kalidas Marg to meet him. While nothing officially was disclosed about the meeting, sources said that Akhilesh discussed some of the issues that had gained contentious proportions and projected growing differences between the two leaders.Government also transferred 13 IAS officers, including divisional commissioners and district magistrates here on Sunday. Secretary, higher education , Sushil Kumar has been transferred as commissioner Basti division and T Venkatesh, who was on the wait list, has been posted in his place. District magistrate of Mau, Kunwar Vikram Singh , has been posted as DC Aligarh and Shashi Bhushan Lal Shushil, who was on the wait list, has been posted in his place. Secretary, human rights commission , Jitendra Kumar has been transferred to health and medicine department in the same capacity.Allahabad DM Anil Kumar III has been shifted to technical education department as special secretary while Pilibhit DM Sekhar has been psted in the place of Kumar. Managing director Madhyanchal Vidyut itaran Nigam Amit Gupta has been posted as DM Pilibhit. Sanjay Kumar , who was on the wait list, has been posted as Moradabad DM, whereas DM Badaun Mayur Maheshwari has been shifted as special secretary irrigation.GS Priyadarshi, who was also on the waitlist has been posted as Badaun DM. Director, medical and health services, Ashok Kumar Verma has been posted as commissioner Devipatan division. DM Chitrakoot Adarsh Singh has been shifted to Kannauj in the same capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16229049", "title": "Insurance firm told to reimburse treatment cost", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Refusal to reimburse the cost of treatment of pre-existing disease, which prevailed even before the taking of health insurance cover, by an insurance company has proved costly as consumer disputes redressal forum has termed it as deficiency in service. The company has been directed to reimburse the medical expenditure, which was over Rs 50,000, of the complainant and pay a fine of Rs 20,000.Ravinder Kumar Rehani, a resident of Sector 37, had purchased a healthy family insurance policy from Reliance General Insurance Company for the period, January 1, 2008 to December 31, 2008 for the sum insured of Rs 3,00,000. His wife Hitesh was also covered under the same insurance policy.Pre-existing diseases were also covered under the policy from the third year onwards or after two continuous renewals. According, to the complainant, the policy was renewed three times till January 4, 2012 by paying premium dues.\"In July 2010, my wife went to USA and there she felt some pain in the knees. On returning, she consulted a government doctor in October 2010. As there was no relief, we approached a private hospital in February 2011, where she was advised knee replacement. She underwent the operation and there was an expenditure of over Rs 2 lakh,\" said Ravinder.He added, \"I also spent money on medicines, physiotherapy and various tests as advised at the time of discharge. Though I got a certain amount reimbursed by the company, but claim of around Rs 50,150 was left pending. The company refused to pay it on the grounds that this amount was incurred on problems suffered due to pre-existing diseases.\"Back at the court, the opposition party failed to file their reply and evidence despite taking a number of adjournments for the same. After listening to the arguments, the forum directed the company to release the entire claim of Rs 50,150 of the complainant. They have also been directed to pay a compensation of Rs 15,000 as compensation for mental and physical harassment and Rs 5,000 as costs of litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233265", "title": "A brain pain map to tell why we feel discomfort", "text": "Scientists are working on a way of measuring the level and location of pain felt by patients using a special \"pain map\" of the brain .The research, which utilises detailed brain-scanning technology, could also finally put an end to the age-old debate about whether women suffer more pain than men.Women have long complained that men exaggerate their discomfort from a variety of ailments, such as bad backs, in order to be looked after or even to avoid doing DIY.This argument could soon be settled after researchers at the University College London announced the development of a pain map that enables them to pinpoint the exact location and intensity of discomfort in the body.According to the Sunday Telegraph, neuroscientists will use the technology to see how the brain responds to pain and map the signals to different parts of the body.It has enabled them to measure how much pain someone is in from their brain signals.The technique is being developed because the current way doctors assess the patient's pain using a scale of one to ten is deemed to be relatively unreliable.Dr Flavia Mancini , a cognitive neuroscientist at University College London, who has helped develop the pain map, said that different parts of the body light up specific areas of the brain when they are in pain.She said it could enable doctors to quantify pain objectively for the first time.\"The ways we quantify pain at the moment are unreliable and if a patient has difficulty communicating it can be very hard,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"In the future, we see this as a way to track pain in patients as there is a signal in the brain that corresponds to the current pain the person is experiencing,\" she added.The findings of the study will be presented at the World Congress on Pain in Milan on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16228892", "title": "Coalgate: CBI teams in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI teams have gone to Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand to re-inspect some controversial coal blocks in connection with its probe into alleged irregularities in allocation and utilization.When contacted, CBI officials said no raids had taken place and the teams were there as part of the agency's ongoing preliminary enquiry (PE) into the alleged coal scam. The agency, which registered a PE after Central Vigilance Commission referred the matter to it, is likely to register more than one case.Private companies, which benefited from the coal block allocation, are under CBI scanner for alleged violation of norms and forgery. Sources said the agency is likely to register cases in different lots and nearly six to eight companies could be booked in the first batch.The agency has already questioned senior bureaucrats who oversaw allocation of coal blocks during 2006-09, they said. A CBI team led by a senior official recently visited the coal ministry to meet a senior bureaucrat, they said.Meanwhile, the agency is also taking into cognizance the Comptroller and Auditor General's report which was tabled in Parliament recently. Sources, however, made it clear that CBI would not go into policy issues but will limit its probe to aspects where criminality could be established.The agency has also questioned members of the screening committee including secretaries and joint secretaries, Sources said. They said the questioning of coal secretaries, who chair the screening committee, was done to understand the issues involved in the allocation of coal blocks during the period and so far, the agency has not found any irregularity on their part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16227178", "title": "Painting the town green", "text": "After a fairly decent spell of rain in the last fortnight, Gurgaon's Aravali greens are finally flourishing, with trees, including the recently-planted saplings, covering the entire region.Residents are organizing excursion trips to Biodiversity Park where one can cycle as well as walk on its pathways. Hundreds of people could be seen enjoying morning and evening walks. \"I have two dogs and visit the park every alternate day for a walk. It's such a relief to be amidst such a greenery,\" said Manisha Sood.\"Gurgaon being a concrete jungle, Biodiversity Park is the only place where one can have fresh air. It is the closest and the most peaceful weekend getaway,\" said Anunaya Aggarwal.\"I am here with Delhi Drum circle every alternate day and it's a wonderful feeling to spread music in perhaps the only breathing space left in Gurgaon. It's the best place to be on a windy or a cloudy day,\" said Ajay Sood.Latika Thukral of I am Gurgaon, an NGO, said they have introduced as many as 57 Aravali species in Biodiversity Park. \"We have been conducting plantation drive in the park and will plant 20,000 trees by September 30.The Aravali range is particularly conducive to certain tree species, and some of the native types available in abundance include Babul, Dhau, Kair and Dhak.The Aravali range, with its dense tree cover at this time of the year, is a popular among the residents of the city.Joggers, hikers, cyclists, and precariously placed rock-climbers are not difficult to spot.I shifted to Gurgaon only this year. As you trek through the Aravalis, you come to know how close you are to the nature, said Anita Malhotra, an environment activist.She said it's high time the administration and government ensured that whatever green cover the city has now developed must be protected, and not be lost to construction activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226734", "title": "Cancel all coal block licences: Javadekar", "text": "JAIPUR: The BJP on Sunday downplayed the role of former chief minister of Rajasthan, Vasundhara Raje , in opposing the policy of Union government's competitive bidding for coal blocks. Speaking at a meeting here, party's national spokesperson Prakash Javadekar also dismissed reports of BJP going back on its demand for Prime Minister's resignation and asked for immediate cancellation of the licences issued to 142 companies.\"The Congress government is only telling half truth. In a letter by written by BJP CMs from three states, it was clearly mentioned that part of the revenue and coal excavated should be given to the state where mines are located. But to hide their own corruption, they are blaming the BJP's chief ministers for coal scam,\" said Javadekar.Claiming a loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to exchequer in allocation of coal blocks to private players, Javadekar asked the Union government to cancel the licences with immediate effect. He alleged that party is refusing to cancel the licences because then they will have to return the commission which by now have been parked in foreign banks.The BJP has stalled the parliament and demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over the scam. Singh was holding the coal ministry when licences were issued to the companies. A total of 70 coals blocks were given to 142 companies with the possible excavation of 1,700 metric tonnes of coal during 2006-2010.Accusing Congress of curbing freedom, and shying from accountability, Javadekar said the questions he asked in Rajya Sabha have been taken out from the website. \"I asked an unstarred question regarding the progress of mining work in the blocks allocated by the UPA from 2004. I was told in a reply on August 27 that mining has not started even on a single block allocated,\" said Javadekar.\"Fearing criticism, the Congress has taken out all the answers on coal blocks from August 27 data. I just got to know about it. They are not only afraid of their action but now even curbing the freedom of people to know about their misdeeds,\" added Javadekar.Maintaining the BJP's stand on stalling the Parliament, he asserted that it is not just a platform of debating society but also a place to ask for the accountability. Claiming that corruption on the back of inflation is sure recipe of regime change, Javadekar vowed that BJP, with support from people, will uproot this government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226498", "title": "Incredible, say Wim Koevermans and Sunil Chhetri", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a cliche but Wim Koevermans actually came, saw and conquered. He took charge of the Indian national team just five weeks ago and passed the first test with flying colours, helping India win the Nehru Cup by beating a strong Cameroon in the final.\"It was incredible,\" said the 52-year-old Dutch after India finished a fairytale run on Sunday evening. \"Cameroon are top quality opposition but we showed we can fight.There were times we were getting outplayed but we still clawed our way back. This ability to pull ourselves up has impressed me most,\" he said. Thecoach has already left his mark on the style of play that is a distinct shift from Bob Houghton , his predecessor.Captain Sunil Chhetri, who has been part of India's all three Nehru Cup wins, ranked this on as the most memorable. \"This is the one I have won as the captain.Before the start of the tournament, I never thought that we could win this time. But we stuck together as a team, fought as a team and won as a team.\"The Portugal-based striker said that he told his colleagues before the start and during the game how proud he was of them. \"I have repeatedly told them, how proud I am for the fight they have showed so far.\"Asked about the change from Houghton to Koevermans era, Chhetri said, \"We are not very sharp but we are very good listeners. We just do what the coach says.We tried to follow instructions as best as we can. So the change has not been very difficult to adapt to.\"Koevermans addd the win against Cameroon has shown that Fifa rankings may be deceptive at times. \"It is a very special moment,\" he said. \"It was the result of hard work,\" the coach and captain both said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16227083", "title": "Businessmen may buy power from open market", "text": "GURGAON: Power shortage this season has crippled the small scale industry in Gurgaon like never before. Manufacturing units these days run almost full-time on diesel backup systems. And understandably, operational costs here have skyrocketed, even as business remains dull. And despite the numerous street agitations and petitions filed \u2014 regular occurrences in Udyog Vihar \u2014 the power crisis has far from subsided.Which is why the local industrialists are considering a whole new alternative now. This time they are aiming for nothing less than self-sufficiency. The new proposal is to buy power straight from the open market on a short-term, as-per-requirement, basis.Beginning Monday, a preliminary survey on power consumption patterns will also be conducted in various Udyog Vihar phases by the local industrial association. This is to ascertain the exact power requirements of the various categories of industrial units based here. \"Apart from the survey, we will also be organizing workshops for industry owners to educate them on how the power exchange works, and how it would benefit the small scale industry if we shift full time to it,\" said H R Vaish, president, Chamber of Industries of Udyog Vihar.On the open exchange, industrialists can buy power for as little as 15 minute slots, depending on their projected demand for the day. \"You have to buy it a day in advance, and it will be available on the grid the next day. The best thing is that the costs on the exchange come out to be substantially lower than the price we pay to the discoms for the usual supply,\" he added.Per unit costs, according to Vaish, would be Rs 4. This price, even with taxes and other expenses included, is highly affordable, especially considering the exorbitant Rs 8 per unit that Haryana's industrialists are required to pay for electricity supply, which is erratic at best. According to estimates, the total power demand in Udyog Vihar is somewhere around 100 MW a day.Once the survey is completed, association members are likely to approach the Haryana Electricty Regulatory Board for an approval, before the move to the open market is finalized. \"Small industries in Maharashtra are already shifting to open access. If we are able to implement it successfully in Gurgaon, it will be a path-breaking achievement. I am sure more people in the region will be ready to shift to the exchange if they see it working well here,\" said an industrialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16227155", "title": "Boxing queen shares her punch secrets", "text": "MUMBAI: Winning an Olympic medal is no mean task. More so, for a woman whose childhood days were spent working in farms and looking after three younger siblings in a family which could barely make ends meet.Making of the boxerThat she has had a tough childhood is an understatement, primarily because Manipur, where she comes from-despite its verdant greens-is treacherous terrain for any human being; leave alone a woman who has big dreams. \"Boxing is not considered a woman's sport. My parents at first did not allow me to enter the ring. Unknown to them, I would practise. My parents found out my secret when I won the state championship. But realizing my dedication, my father agreed after much of persuasion,\" says the Olympian.From then on, the family has extended total support to Mary so that she is able to concentrate on her boxing career. \"My husband and his family have also supported me immensely. When my children were just a year old, I resumed my boxing career. All this would never have been possible without my family's support,\" she says.Overcoming failureSays Mary, \"Every sportsman wants to be successful at all times. But that is not possible. When I go into the ring, I focus on giving my best and accept winning and losing as a part of the game. If I lose, I figure out what went wrong and work towards winning the next time.\" Fighting in a category, for which she had to gain weight, those extra four kilos make a lot of difference. \"When fighting in the 46-48 kg category, I am positive about winning the gold. But in the 51 kg category, I have to work harder and try my best to get the gold. Now that I have some experience in the 51 kg, I will also be able to strategize better,\" says the winner, who has apologized to the countrymen for not being able to win the gold at the London Olympics.All the same, today Mary Kom is a legend for young Indians who have Olympic aspirations and is a role model in her own right.(Amey Kamdar, Dadar Parsee Youths Assembly High School; Shruti Joshi, Atomic Energy Central School-2; Palak Chheda, St. John's Universal and Ananya Kar, Gopi Birla Memorial School)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16227107", "title": "35-year-old\u2019s body found in Sadar Bazar", "text": "GURGAON: Police recovered the body a 35-year-old man from Sadar Bazar late on Saturday. The body has stab wounds which blood all over. The deceased was a resident of Rajasthan's Bharatpur district. Police have lodged an FIR in the matter and started a probe.According to the police, a passerby called the police control room around 1:30 pm and informed about a dead body, with blood stains, lying along the roadside in Sadar Bazar. Police reached the spot immediately and took the body in custody, to shift it later to postmortem house.A senior police officer said the man was stabbed several times. The body had four stab wounds on his chest and back. The deceased was identified on the basis of a voter ID card found in his shirt's pocket.\"On the basis of the voter ID card, the victim has been identified as 35-year-old Jeevan Singh, a resident of Semla Kalan village in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan. Nobody has come to claim the body and we are waiting for the victim's family members. We have lodged a case of murder against unknown persons on the statement of our head constable Jitendra Kumar,\" told inspector Rajendra Singh, SHO, City Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16234509", "title": "Residents live amid filth here", "text": "HUBLI: Overflowing gutters, Garbage brimming over the containers and foul smell engulfing the area. Rainy season has brought miseries to the residents of Bidnal. But the corporation has turned a blind eye to their problem.Corporation has not provided adequate number of garbage containers to the area. The existing ones are not cleaned regularly and are always overflowing. People have to cover their nose while walking on the roads and the containers emanate bad smell.Mahendra, a resident of the area said corporation workers hardly come to the area to lift garbage from the containers. Since interior gutters are very narrow, they chock as people throw garbage into gutters. Rain water overflows on the roads carrying with it waste and filth from gutters.Devendrappa Havanur, another resident said the corporation should immediately widen the gutters and keep them clean so as to relieve residents from their woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228328", "title": "Rehman effect: Police begin crack down against history-sheeters", "text": "HYDERABAD: The arrest of terror suspect Obaidur Rahman and his confession that several political leaders from the city were on their hit list has put police on tenterhooks. The developments are likely to make the upcoming Ganesh bandobust task a lot tougher for police personnel. As a part of their effort to ensure trouble-free festivities, police began a crackdown on history-sheeters.After the communal violence in Saidabad and Madannapet in April, minor incidents of communal tension have been recurring at various places in the city, but police were able to keep the situation under control. However, with the arrest of Rahman from the Old City by the Bangalore police has put the city cops under immense pressure.During the law and order review meeting held after the arrest of Rahman on Friday, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma had asked his men to stay on high alert. The West and South Zone police along with Task Force sleuths have been told to keep a close watch on all troublesome elements, especially the communal history-sheeters. As a result, police started cracking down on history-sheeters and the 'counselling' has made several of them flee the city.There are 900 history-sheeters in the city and majority of them are in communally sensitive South and West zones. In South Zone, there are 507 history-sheeters, including 176 under the communal category. In West Zone, there are 342 history-sheeters and 102 of them have a history of communal violence. History-sheeter Ayub Khan is in jail, while other notorious offenders like Khaiser, Chaoos, Sheru, Latif and Jangli Yousuf decided to stay out of the city following the police 'counselling.'Police have made a list of history-sheeters, who are out of jail, and gathering information about their activities. They discovered that some of them were working as recovery agents, running gyms and financiers, where money and muscle come into play. All such people were given special counselling along with their associates.Raids were conducted at the houses of history-sheeters during night time. \"We have booked cases against some and remanded them in judicial custody. We have let off some after a stern warning,\" a senior police official.While the crackdown against history-sheeters might surely help in maintaining law and order, police are worried about certain events to be held in September in the city. With Ganesh immersion slated just a day before the 'Chalo Hyderabad' rally proposed by the TJAC and news of controversial VHP leader Acharya Dharmendra likely to visit the city on September 17, police are on tenterhooks.Meanwhile, some corporators, who are said to be on the hit list of the arrested accused, have decided to meet the city police chief to seek security. \"As we have not received interrogation details of the arrested accused from the Bangalore police, I cannot comment about providing security to any person before that,\" city police chief Anurag Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232141", "title": "Robbie Williams to buy White Rock Island for UFO sighting", "text": "Singer Robbie Williams is planning to buy his own island off California so he can scan the skies for alien spacecraft.According to friends, the 38-year-old singer, has bid 415,000 pounds for the 1.3-acre White Rock Island, a 22-mile boat ride from the Los Angeles shoreline, the Daily Star reported.The island, a favourite dive site for tourists, is owned by Hollywood director Michael Caffrey, who has only used it for film, TV and commercial shoots.Home to a variety of exotic birds, White Rock also boasts of regular crystal clear night skies, so the ' Feel ' hit maker can indulge in his passion for sighting alien spacecraft.It already has planning permission, so the former ` Take That ` member can build a luxury retreat on it.Williams reportedly fell in love with White Rock while UFO hunting more than a year ago with his wife Ayda Field , 33, who is expecting their first child.\"It's a dream location for him and means he, Ayda and the baby won't have to check into any local hotels where he's always recognized,\" a friend said.Robbie, who attended a UFO convention in Nevada for a BBC Radio 4 documentary, has said that he's seen three flying saucers.\"He's in negotiations and he's thrilled at the prospect of buying White Rock,\" a source said.\"Ayda's hooked on his UFO kick,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231223", "title": "City tunes in with DJ Kanna", "text": "While Saturday night at The Blue Blazer had a rejuvenating impact, what made city's swish set dance in careless abandon there was the presence of DJ Kanna aka KAN-i, who created quite a furore with live turntable act. Rubbing his palm gently on the record for scratching, the DJ upped the party tempo while giving crowd a reason to shake a leg.Back to back : The Blue Blazer has been hosting a series of events with artists and DJ's from all over with the latest being DJ Eve Carey from UK. \"We believe in diversity. That's why you will see change in our party and event style everytime,\" said Ganeev Bains, director of the place. DJ Kanna kicked off his part at 10pm and soon the place was packed to capacity. While some hanged out at the Cabana area (open place with gazebos) others settled inside to drink and dance.Most awaited : Yes , the most awaited event MOS (Ministry of Sound) night is all set for September 15. \"My pals and I have a reason to be happy,\" said Ganeev adding, \"The combo of DJ Ivan and Brit DJ Lucy Stone will be lethal.\" MOS nights promise to take you to London while you party here.Kan-i handle it well DJ Kan-i felt great at The Blue Blazer. Having performed across India and abroad, this turntable master gets into the element of crowd before unleashing his expertise. \"The idea of coming here was great,\" he said. Kanna has opened the set for various artists including Apache Indian and Jay Sean. Blessed with unique style, he blends various music genres to come out with some wicked packages for his audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16229098", "title": "Amendments in building bylaws bring relief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The residents of the city residing in the Chandigarh Housing Board houses and rehabilitation colonies can heave a sigh of relief as they are about to benefit from the changes in building bylaws. Union minister and local MP Pawan Kumar Bansal assured public in this regard on Sunday. Residents had been demanding amendment in the bylaws to regularize need-based changes.Bansal said, \"We have already made some changes in the building bylaws and the exercise is still on. In coming days some more reasonable changes will be made so that need-based changes within the premises could be allowed.\"He further added that no house will be demolished and those constructed outside Lal Dora will also be extended in the coming period.The changes in the building bylaws issue is quite a concern in city. There are around one lakh houses of CHB and rehabilitation colonies where over four lakh people reside. Over 80% owners of these houses have made internal changes within the premises to suit their needs and Chandigarh Housing Board authorities had sent notice of irregularization to such residents. Recently, thousands of such affected people held a rally in this regard where they demanded changes in existing bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228513", "title": "Civic body gets 5 more corporators", "text": "NASHIK: Improving civic amenities, tackling traffic woes, dealing with illegal political hoardings, environmental problems and issues, political hoardings and preparing for the Kumbh mela are the main items on the agendas of the five newly co-opted members of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).The names of the five new five coopted members were announced by mayor Yatin Wagh during the in the NMC's general body meeting of the NMC on Thursday. In February this year, 122 members of the NMC were elected and Haribhau Lonari and Sandeep Lenkar from Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), Manik Sonawane from Shiv Sena , Sachin Mahajan from Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Akash Chhajed from Congress Party, were formally inducted into the corporation last week.Once the proposal for the co-opted members are sent to Mantralaya, it would then be published in the gazette and the members would then be enlisted as corporators.Each of the co-opted members has chalked out their strategies for working during their tenure as corporators across the city.While most of them have outlined plans for the city's development with basic infrastructure projects, stuck to the stereotypical manifesto of development and basic infrastructure,some have gone a step ahead to specifically highlight issues they would be pursuing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16229004", "title": "Cardiologists discuss current, future therapies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What is the latest in medicine for heart diseases? Which is the best approach to open blocked arteries? All these questions formed the thrust of deliberations of a cardiology summit held here on Sunday. A private city-based heart centre organized, \"Indian Cardiology Summit '12,\" at a hotel near Industrial Area where discussions about best practices and latest advances in the field of cardiovascular diseases were held. The summit saw cardiologists from different hospitals deliberating on current and future therapies for managing cardiovascular diseases.During the sessions, the participants shared best practices from their wide array of experiences and focussed in depth on the best approaches for preventing and treating cardio-vascular diseases of various aetiologies. Dr Ajay Bahl of PGI highlighted the challenges faced in treating complex intricate cases of heart failure. He emphasized on the use of biventricular pacing in this condition.Dr Bishav Mohan, a Ludhiana based cardiologist shared his experience of treating acute internal bleeding conditions with catheter-based embolotherapy. The newer and more effective drugs for management of heart attack were discussed by Dr Anurag Sharma, a senior consultant at a private hospital in Mohali.Dr H K Bali, another city-based cardiologist shared his perspective on treating very complex coronary diseases with angioplasty. Dr S K Sharma, a local cardiologist highlighted clinical conditions that resemble heart attack. Other experts brought out the significance of diagnosing and timely treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysm, a condition that in most patients is fatal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231364", "title": "Police clueless in loot case", "text": "INDORE: Police are still clueless in the loot case in which two bike-borne youths targeted two employees of a private firm and escaped with a bag on Saturday evening. The incident took place despite police crackdown on anti-social elements in the city.A S Kushwaha, SP, West, said the police have zeroed in on many suspicious persons and have interrogated them. They are taking the help of CCTV footage.According to the police, Suresh Yadav and his colleague were returning to Pithampur after collecting money from Steel House at Loha Mandi when two youths snatched their bag and escaped at Juni Indore. The accused robbed the duo of Rs 53 lakh.Interestingly, Yadav informed the police control room and sought help while he was chasing the accused. The police, however, did not turn up on time.Later, the police reached the spot and brought the victim to police station. The police then registered a case against two unidentified persons under the Section 392 of the IPC.The accused were caught in CCTV camera installed at Steel Shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16232394", "title": "Garment workers cry in open", "text": "BANGALORE: Apart from very low wages and deteriorating health conditions, most women garment workers in the city complained of physical and mental harassment in work place. At a pubic hearing of garment workers on Sunday, over 200 of them spoke their hearts out about their lives and the least chances of surviving in the costly city.Bangalore has over five lakh garment workers, of which 90% being women. One of the workers, requesting anonymity shared her experience of having to deliver outside her factory gate, because she was not given maternity leave during her pregnancy! There are no basic facilities for the workers, not even proper drinking water.The hearing was organized by Bangalore Committee in the Struggle for Living Wages for Garment Workers and members of Labour Union, Garment textile workers union were present. The jury had Dr Vijaya, noted women thinker and journalist, Hemaltha Mahishi, eminent judge and Ismail, veteran journalist.Most workers cited their living problems with wages not more than Rs4500 or Rs500, despite the daily wages act stipulating more than this amount and their years of experience in the industry. In most cases, the women stood out to be the sole bread winners for their families and many of them expressed their woes of not being able to educate their children because of the financial miseries. Their suffering seemed to be extreme when some of them complained about having to work in a particular position for eight to 10 hours, at a stretch, due to the high production targets imposed on them. In a few factories, there is not enough lights, ventilation and toilets for workers.The jury slammed the labour department apart from the management of the factories to have taken the workers and their issues so lightly and failing in implementing labor laws in this sector. This hearing is going to be followed up with a national tribunal on wages and conditions of garment workers which is expected to be held in November, this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16226973", "title": "Three killed, 22 hurt as truck overturns", "text": "ROHTAK: Three persons were killed and 22 others sustained injuries after a truck overturned near Kharkhera village on Rohtak-Hisar highway in Rohtak on Sunday. The deceased were identified as Mahinder Singh, Bala Devi and Ramphal from Karnal district.The victims were admitted to Rohtak Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (PGIMS). The police said the victims were returning after visiting religious place in Rajasthan when their vehicle overturned as driver lost control of his vehicle on a curve.The police reached the spot and rushed the victims to PGIMS, but three of them died on the way to hospital. The bodies of deceased were handed over to their family members after post-mortem. Police have started the investigation after registering a case against errant driver. The highway has become an accident-prone zone and the state has said that it will soon take steps to curb speeding on this stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227189", "title": "Pathological lab to pay Rs 7,500 for over-charging patient", "text": "NEW DELHI: A city-based diagnostic centre, Dr Lal Pathlabs Pvt Ltd, has been directed by a consumer forum to pay Rs 7,500 to one of its customers for over-charging him for pathological tests of his wife.The New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum held that the diagnostic centre \"indulged in unfair trade practice\" by over-charging Iqbal Singh, a government servant and beneficiary of the Central Government Health Scheme.\"We award a compensation of Rs 5,000 to the complainant. We also award a compensation of Rs 2,500 for non-cooperation and insensitivity shown by Dr A K Kapoor, opposite party 2, to a consumer in distress,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16228483", "title": "Velim locals protest against Cutbona jetty expansion", "text": "MARGAO: Upping the ante against the proposed project of expansion and upgradation of the Cutbona jetty, villagers of Velim led by sarpanch Melwyn Francis, Assolna zilla panchayat member Anthony Rodrigues and others staged a protest rally from Cutbona to Assolna on Sunday morning.Shouting slogans against the government and demanding that the land acquisition proceedings initiated for the project be dropped forthwith, the villagers vowed to oppose the project tooth and nail.Speaking to mediapersons, the protestors pointed out that the 30,000 sq m of land sought to be acquired by the government for the project was prime agricultural and khazan land, which has been classified as an eco-sensitive zone, and therefore, cannot be utilized for the project. They also voiced their apprehensions over loss of village identity owing to more influx of migrant labour which will be employed at the jetty, once it is upgraded.Pointing out that hardly a few locals from Velim are in the fishing business and own trawlers, the protestors said that the project will, in no way, benefit the villagers.The recent notification issued by the revenue department under Section 7 of the Land Acquisition Act for acquiring 30,000 sq m of land for the expansion of the Cutbona fishing jetty, hardly days before the proceedings were to lapse, has revived the villagers' opposition to the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16228912", "title": "A copter that is controlled by thought", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have created a 'quadcopter' that can be controlled by thought alone and has the potential to give people with impaired motor abilities a new avenue for interaction.Researchers from Zhejiang University in Hangzhou , China developed the copter with a system that relies on the commercially available Emotiv electroencephalography (EEG) headset to interpret brain activity as commands for the quadcopter , New Scientist reported.The headset uses Bluetooth to connect to a laptop, which then trasmits the instructions onwards to the helicopter . A user can move the flyer forward by thinking 'right' , fly up by thinking 'push' , and turn clockwise by thinking 'left' . Clenched teeth and blinking both produce a brain signal that the EEG can read, which can tell the helicopter to take a picture or even stream video back to a laptop. Users can capture a still by blinking four times. The system is due to be presented next month at the Ubiquitous Computing Conference in Pittsburgh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16234099", "title": "Mysoreans to get a world-class swimming pool in the city", "text": "MYSORE: Swimmers in the city can have a pool of international standards within a year. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar launched the works on the new swimming pool on Wednesday. It will come up on 4-acre land near Chamundi Vihar stadium here.Youth services and sports officer Suresh K said Mysoreans have been dreaming of a world-class swimming pool for many years now.The city has only one public swimming pool at Saraswathipuram, which is crowded during all seasons. Giving details on the new pool, the officer said: \"We are planning to construct an aquatic complex comprising four swimming pools. It will have practice pool (25metres), children's pool (15metres), diving pool (12metres) and competition pool. The competition pool will be of 50x25 sqm, meeting international standards.Swimmers will be allowed to use first three pools, while the last one will be dedicated for competitions. Children's pool will not be deep for obvious reasons. Apart from this, the aquatic complex will have hi-tech water refining plants, change rooms, washrooms and facilities for lockers and parking. Mysore Nirmithi Kendra has taken up the work. In the first phase of work, competition and practice pools will get ready. In the second phase, children's and diving pools will be completed. The government has released Rs 80 lakh of the Rs 3.50 crore meant for the %complex.Each pool can accommodate around 36 swimmers at a time. Entry fee will be fixed on daily and monthly basis.\"The works will begin in three weeks, and the project will be completed within a year,\" said Satish, junior engineer at Mysore Nirmithi Kendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232086", "title": "C\u2019mon My People - a new level of fusion", "text": "After releasing two singles, plus two different versions of his first single, X fader is now taking it to a new level with his fusion of rap and a touch of Asian sounds with 'C'mon My People'.Being a strong supporter of Hip hop and Rap music himself, X Fader once again showcases his versatility as a Producer/DJ. 'C'mon My People' is an infectious party track with a unique beat paired with one of the finest upcoming Indian American hip hop/rap talents.Lyrically, 'C'mon My People' is all about bringing people together to have fun and enjoy life whether in a club or in our daily life. The chorus section actually describing simple dance steps which everyone can follow, so that we all 'sync in' with each other on the floor and in general, our everyday lives.The music video showcases X Fader's interesting journey from the streets to the club, and also features some of the best break dancers of London. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234816", "title": "5 best monsoon trips in India", "text": "It's raining hard and if you want a holiday, here are the most scenic places to romance the rain in IndiaMunnar, Kerala Though the rains can get heavy, Munnar, a popular hill station of Kerala, comes alive with a distinct charm in the rains. The lush carpet of greenery set among the tea estates provides refreshing views. There are waterfalls, as well as dam with boating facilities, and sports like trekking and paragliding that one can do here. Anaimudi, the highest peak in South India is located here.Goa Goa gets green makeover during this season. The rivers are full and tucking into the delicious seafood sitting by the tall palm trees swaying cool coastal breeze is a must-do. The waterfalls at Dudhsagar, Netravali, Hivrem and Kesarval falls are at their verdant best during this time. You can also simply take a bike or car and do a countryside recce with the rain falling on you. Nature lovers can head to the numerous wildlife sanctuaries here.KodaiKanal, Tamil Nadu The lovely hill station located among the Palani Hills of Western Ghats, is also known as 'Princess of Hill stations' owing to its scenic charm. Though ideally the monsoon is when most tourists stay away, this time is also when the place is at its idyllic best, with gushing waterfalls and the beautiful lake area. Kodaikanal is also surrounded by thick woods where one can go cycling and walking.Western Ghats Get the cameras out and head to the Sahyadri Hills while the rains are on. Drive along its long, winding roads and feel the wind and rain drops on your hair. From Mahabaleshwar, to Bhimshankar and Bhandardara, as well as the Malhalli waterfalls enclosed by Pushpagiri mountains, these ghats are almost picture-perfect when rains enhance the beauty of the place.Darjeeling, West Bengal The hills of Darjeeling at the foothills of the Himalayas , look lovely in the rain. Just sit back and rest in the old, colonial styled houses as you sip on Darjeeling's famous teas. The monsoon can get heavy here so a trip in the wet season is recommended for the adventure-minded. The thick sal and oak forests get foggy during the time. One can see beautiful views of Kanchenjunga from Tiger Hills.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226872", "title": "BMC's move to not stage 'adult' play at its halls invites censor ire", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Stage Performance Scrutiny Board (MSPSB) has come down heavily on the civic body's restriction on staging a Marathi play at BMC-run auditoriums, on the grounds that it contains adult content.The board grants certification to dramas in the state. Board chairman F M Shinde said the BMC has no power to restrict staging of any play just because it was certified for adults. He said the producer can approach the court if the BMC has refused him a slot at any of its auditoriums without mentioning valid laws that support the action.The administration of the BMC-run Prabodhankar K C Thackeray Hall, Borivli, had refused permission to producer Ashok Patole to stage Ek Chavat Sandhyakaal, saying some locals had requested them to not allow 'adults only' certified plays in the auditorium.Shinde said the BMC should justify its action, citing relevant sections in the law. He stated that MSPSB was the supreme authority when it comes to certifying dramas. \"If they want to restrict a show, they should clarify why they have done so. If the state has formulated some laws for theatre, they have done so keeping in mind the sensibilities of the public,\" said Shinde. He rubbished the BMC claims that parents had complained against adult plays.Recently, makers of the play had caught flak after they opened it only for male audience. They revoked the \"discriminatory\" decision after an uproar.Patole said he was seeking help from the theatre fraternity. \"We will meet the mayor and question the decision,\" said producer Prashant Damle of Marathi Vyavasayik Natya Nirmata Sangha.Suhas Kanvinde, BMC's deputy civic commissioner and in-charge of theatres, was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226805", "title": "Heritage buildings losing lustre", "text": "JAIPUR: The centuries-old private buildings in Walled City are dying a slow death due to apathy of their owners as well as the state government, affecting the area's heritage look.In the Walled City, majority of the havelis and buildings are privately owned. While the heritage look of markets are maintained properly by traders, inside the streets, most of the old private buildings remain neglected.Recently the district administration filled a hundred-year-old baori (water body) in Goner with mud as it was in a bad shape. The administration claimed that it could even cause casualties. Similarly, many old private buildings were flattened by JMC after being certified as dilapidated buildings.With time, more old buildings are being declared 'dilapidated' in the absence of repair and maintenance. Recently, the JMC identified more than 20 buildings as 'dilapidated' apart from those which were already declared so. The district administration instructed the JMC to demolish such buildings which could cause casualties during heavy rain. And once old buildings are pulled down, it gives an opportunity for new constructions, which eventually hurt the heritage status of the Walled City.So far, all the efforts of the state government to save such old private buildings, which are famous for their architectural work and history, went in vain. As the buildings are occupied by private owners, the state government did not show any sincere interest to save the buildings in the absence of byelaws for such private old buildings.The houses in the Walled City are more than 100-years-old but some of them are over 150 years, which are collectively known as Pink City.\"A meeting was held in the past on the issue with focus on making minor changes in the existing heritage byelaws so that the old private buildings could be saved. But so far, there is no result. The government cannot repair the private buildings with government funds. Also, the government cannot force the owners of the buildings to repair them as repair and maintenance of the building depends on the financial condition of the owners,\" he said.There are many other reasons for buildings becoming fragile. Some of the buildings are in dispute over multiple ownership and cases are pending in court. They are occupied by tenants for years (tenants do not vacate them and the owner do not want to repair it).Meanwhile, JMC demolished three such buildings on Wednesday. These buildings were identified as \"dilapidated\" that could collapse anytime in heavy rain. \"All the three buildings were constructed over 125 years. But they were in bad shape in the absence of repair and maintenance,\" said a JMC official.The NGOs working to conserve heritage of the city also expressed their concern over the issue. Dharmendra Kanwar, convenor of INTACH, Jaipur, said: \"It is unfortunate that the private buildings in the old city have been damaged in the absence of repair and maintenance. There are many old buildings which are not so historically important but archeologically they are significant. There must be a joint effort of the state government and the owners of the buildings that could preserve the heritage of the Walled City.\"Director of an experiential tourism company, Vipul Kumar said: \"The government should frame some laws for preservation of old private buildings in the Walled City.\"However, the government is trying to save the heritage face of the Walled City. Department of archeology and museums Jaipur Circle superintendent ZU Khan said: \"Recently, Amber Development and Management Authority have started work to facelift of heritage and to maintain uniformity in markets in Johari Bazaar and Chaura Rasta. These are private buildings and shops which are being renovated with government funds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16229810", "title": "Blasts caused cracks in houses, claims Tanwar", "text": "JAIPUR: Naik Jairam Singh Tanwar, a Vir Chakra awardee who took a bullet in the Kargil war, said, \"My decision to leave the Army after serving it for 16 years was inevitable. Illegal blasts in over 49 mines on the hills have caused cracks in houses in the village,\" Tanwar told TOI, making it clear what his priorities were. Such is the influence of miners that over 150 villagers , many of them aged above 60 years \u2014 including elderly women \u2014 have been booked by the police under false charges when they raised their voice against them, he claimed. ADM, Sikar Vasudev Sharma told TOI, \"There are 49 mines. We are looking into the villagers' complaints . Notices have also been issued to some crusher owner by the pollution department.\" Tanwar, who joined the Army as a sepoy on February 25, 1997, had been shot in the leg by Pakistani insurgents in 1999 during the Kargil war. \"A regiment of Rajaputana Rifles had freed two Army outposts from Pakistani soliders.Twenty-four Army men, including four officers, sacrificed their lives in two operations on June 12 and June 28 in 2009. I was awarded the Vir Chakra after I managed to communicate the situation to my superiors amid heavy firing even after I was shot and the communicator had fallen into a pit,\" revealed Tanwar. The soldier claims that the mines near his village are leased, but the way mining is carried out is completely illegal. \"Huge crushers used in mining operate within 1500 metres of the habitat, which is against the norms. The permission is for very restricted use of explosives, but tonnes of explosives are being used every day leading to cracks in houses. IN violation of a Supreme Court order, the administration gave permission for plying of heavy crushers on a road going through a land meant for cattle grazing,\" said Tanwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234242", "title": "No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahey", "text": "CreditsFilm : ? No Entry Pudhe Dhoka AaheDirector : Ankush ChoudharyProducer : Premnath Rajagopalan, Nikhil Saini Music : Nakash - SargamMain Cast : Bharat Jadhav, Ankush Choudhary, Aniket Vishwasrao, Kranti RedkarGenre : ComedyBanner : Underground Films Pvt. Ltd.Release : Sep 07, 2012Synopsis : No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahey is a Marathi remake of Hindi blockbuster, ' No Entry'. The story basically revolves around the lives of three men.Just like in 'No Entry', there is one married man whose wife is always doubting him for having an affair with someone. Then there is another man who is fooling around with whomsoever he meets but his wife has immense trust on him. And the third one is a man who is in yet to be married but he is gripped between both these situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227445", "title": "Garbage deadline won\u2019t go waste", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP chief is confident that garbage in the city will be cleared by Monday night when the three-day deadline he had set for the task ends. However, heaps of muck lying at every street corner have a different story to tell even as civic body staff removed waste from some places and sprinkled bleaching powder in the cleared spots.Commissioner Rajneesh Goel said the first target is to clear all heaps that have piled up over the past few days. ''By Monday morning, around 3,000 tonnes of garbage will be cleared from localities in northern and southern parts of the city where I had toured till Sunday; over 5,000 tonnes will be cleared by evening. We should be able to achieve our target of clearing 7,500 tonnes of old stocks of waste by Monday night.\"He said massive cleaning-up operations have been taken up in Yelahanka and South Bangalore areas, including Jayanagar, JP Nagar and Banashankari, during the weekend.\"Two bins have to be distributed to people for segregating dry and wet waste. There are logistical issues in bringing this routine into effect, ward-wise and area-wise,\" Goel admitted.The BBMP appears to be veering around a three-point plan to counter the endless threat from garbage: effectively implement ban on plastics, involve NGOs and resident welfare associations (RWAs) in addressing the issue and explore energy generation from waste processing.Goel said ban on plastic will soon be implemented strictly in Bangalore and this will go a long way in solving the problems of recycling and reducing waste. \"Every huge heap of garbage contains at least 10 kg of plastic of over 40-micron thickness.We will have to simultaneously educate people to segregate, not to use plastic of more than 40 microns, and educate pourakarmikas on these issues,\" he added.He is planning to meet NGOs involved in solid waste management and composting on Tuesday and resident welfare associations later in the week. \"I need support from them to spread awareness on segregation of waste at source and also on plastic ban,\" Goel said.BBMP has been approached by five private companies who are in the business of waste management and generating electricity and biogas from waste processing. The commissioner said he will meet the companies to check the possibilities of having more processing units to tackle the city's waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232357", "title": "Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu audio postponed", "text": "The audio release function of Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu has been postponed indefinitely. The songs release ceremony was originally supposed to be held on September 2 but was pushed back due to logistical reasons.Maestro Ilayaraja was expected to perform a musical show along with his 65 member orchestra team from London and Hungary at GMC Balayogi Indoor stadium but the people of Hyderabad had to wait for some more time to see Ilayaraja in action.The audio launch of the Tamil version Neethane En Ponvasantham was held in Chennai yesterday and Ilayaraja's live in concert hogged the limelight. The film, which is directed by Gautham Menon , has Nani and Samantha in lead roles for the Telugu version while Jiiva will be seen in the Tamil version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "malout", "code": "16227861", "title": "Abolish present criteria of Army recruitment: Badal", "text": "MALOUT: Punjab government has urged the Centre to abolish the existing criteria of Army recruitment on the basis of 'recruitable male population' and instead recruit on the basis of capability and merit.\"This would enable more youth from Punjab to join the Armed Forces on the basis of merit,\" said Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, while inaugurating the first NCC Academy of the country, along with Union minister of state for defence M Pallam Raju.\"There was a time when Punjabis dominated the Indian Army with majority of soldiers -- besides the top brass including Generals, Major Generals, Brigadiers and Colonels -- hailing from the state. However the state had suffered after Centre adopted the criteria of recruitment on the basis of 'recruitable male population,'\" said Badal, while impressing upon Raju that it was the need of the hour to change the formula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16228581", "title": "Fever alert in Kozhikode following rain", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district medical office authorities here have asked the public to stay alert in the wake of a possible outbreak of leptospirosis, jaundice and diarrhoea in the district. The move comes in the wake of the recent spell of heavy rains in the district. The DMO here has already given directions in this regard to all the heads of the government hospitals in the district.The temporary fever clinics set up at six taluk hospitals, the general hospital at Vadakara, the Beach General Hospital and 16 community health centres in the district will function till the end of monsoon. The health department has also directed its staff to conduct super chlorination of water bodies in case of an epidemic in the district.The additional district medical officer K Appuuny said, \"We have already directed the field staff and the accredited social health activists (ASHA) to continue with the door-to-door campaign against communicable diseases. We have taken remedial measures. At present the situation is under control.\"According to the data with the district medical office, around 30,000 fever cases were reported in the district since January 2012. The number of fever cases reported in the district was 13,699 in May, 2011 alone. The district has reported around 10 confirmed cases of leptospirosis so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226675", "title": "Bamboo trade may open up for tribals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan has overruled objections from her officials to break the forest bureaucracy's monopoly over the annual Rs 10,000 crore bamboo trade and declared it a 'minor forest produce' instead of a 'tree' under forest laws.This will allow tribals, instead of forest departments, to harvest and auction bamboo, which is one of the major raw materials for the paper, pulp and board industry, from their community and private lands.The forest ministry had for long classified bamboo as a tree despite its scientific description as a grass. The classification ensured that under the Indian Forest Act, 1927, fallen bamboo got classified as timber and remained under the firm control of the forest bureaucracy which harvested and sold it to the industry. The tribals got a pittance on some occasions even as the industry got bamboo at low rates over long lease periods.With the introduction of UPA's flagship Forest Rights Act, the tribal affairs ministry pushed to get the fast growing species of grass out of the control of forest officials with the law providing that the right to harvest minor forest produce (products not classified as timber) grown on traditional forest lands would lie with the tribals.But the forest bureaucracy refused to alter its regulations and classification of the species and put up hurdles in various states based on the Indian Forest Act and its existing rules.Previous environment minister Jairam Ramesh too pushed the case for relaxing the archaic and incorrect classification of bamboo and easing the norms to ensure that tribals got their rights under FRA but met with only partial success.Earlier this year, the tribal affairs ministry secured Cabinet nod to offer minimum support price for minor forest produce, including bamboo, to tribals through a new scheme along the lines of the support prices provided to farmers for major crops. The prime minister announced the scheme in his August 15 speech as a prominent part of UPA-2's pro-tribal measures.But the tribal affairs ministry, in the last stages of transferring control of bamboo to tribals and finalizing the scheme, got a jolt when senior environment ministry officials stuck to the line that bamboo was a 'tree' under the Indian Forest Act, 1927 and could not be harvested, transported or sold by tribals.Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan then stepped in and overruled her officials and put on record that bamboo would be classified as a minor forest produce under the Indian Forest Act, 1927 as well.The decision will pave the way for the tribal affairs ministry to launch the scheme though officials still expect a lot of resistance from state forest officials in handing over real control to the tribals. In some states, forest officials have blocked tribals from selling bamboo by using other regulations like working plans for forestlands being amended to permit the harvest. The tribal affairs ministry believes once the scheme is launched, the forest bureaucracy will have to fall in line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231701", "title": "A rocking Wednesday night", "text": "It was a rocking Wednesday night with Sonic species joining with V society to raise a musical storm at a city nightclub.Setting the mood right with tracks like Dizzy drops, Far from hell and Signs of beginning, the DJ made sure that the crowd was on its feet. And with a giant screen flashing trippy visuals, the scene was just set for some high energy dancing. We spotted a very stylish Ranavijay and Tanishka making the most of the night and cute couple Carsten and Manja having a good time. Sensing the mood, the DJ played techno tracks like Generation X, Unleash the best, The first and the last with the crowd in a frenzy to dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kidwai nagar", "code": "16234062", "title": "Over 500 go traditional on Onam", "text": "KIDWAI NAGAR: The auditorium at Shiv Shakti Mandir in Kidwai Nagar could easily be mistaken for a place out of Kerala with Malayali men and women dressed in 'mundu' and south Indian sarees, respectively, if not for the Punjabi friends who joined the Onam celebrations of Udaya Kerala Arts and Sports Club, on Sunday.Around 500 people from various sects apart from the Malayalis of the city turned up for the celebrations and enjoyed the traditional Malayali food during 'Ona Sadya'. The club members, both old and young, enthusiastically performed dances based on different themes relevant to the festival after the lamp was lit and prayers were recited. The temple auditorium wore a bridal look decorated with 'pookalam' and lamps. The Punjabi presence at the temple was conspicuous as many Ludhianvis came to share their friends' happiness on Onam.The guests included prominent people from different sectors and religious and political leaders who came along with their families to celebrate the harvest festival. Businessman Sarabhjeet Singh, who lives at Tibba Road, said what helps Malayali population adapt to the city and mix up with Punjabis easily is their organized affairs and associations. 'I have been a regular at the Onam celebrations with my Malayali friends since last 4 years,' he added.Club president K V Chacko shared the significance of Onam with the attendees and narrated the belief associated with King Mahabali's visit to people's home to ensure well being and prosperity. 'Far away from our native place, such community celebrations help us stay close to our culture and tradition.'Club general secretary Alex Sunil said is an honour for the association to have people from various communities joining their celebrations. 'Not all of us can go back to our native place during every festival and our association ensures we get to celebrate the festivals with the same fervour as in Kerala,' he added.The day-long celebration concluded with a scrumptious 'Ona Sadya' served on banana leaf in the traditional way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16235040", "title": "Tamannah joins the sets of Vettai remake", "text": "Doe eyed beauty Tamannaah has started sh0oting for the Telugu version of Tamil film Vettai from today. The actress, who has been simultaneously shooting for power star Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu and Bollywood film Himmatwala, has joined sets of Vettai remake to commence the shooting of her talkie part.Tamannaah has replaced bubbly actress Hansika Motwani in this action entertainer, which has Sunil playing an introvert cop (originally enacted by Madhavan ), while his younger brother Naga Chaitanya (Arya's role) will play an aggressive and jobless lad. Andrea Jeremiah is playing the other female lead opposite Sunil.Kishore Kumar Pardasani (Dolly) is directing the movie and Bellamkonda Suresh is producing the film under Sai Ganesh Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16228164", "title": "Red Ribbon Express to reach Patna today", "text": "PATNA: Red Ribbon Express, an exhibition on wheels, run by the National AIDS Control Organization to create awareness about HIV/AIDS and other diseases and their prevention and treatment, will reach Patna Junction on Monday, and be open here for people for two days.Addressing the media here on Sunday, Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh said the train entered Bihar on August 23, and would visit 17 railway stations in the state in two phases. In the first phase from August 23 to September 10, it has already visited Kishanganj (August 23), Katihar (August 25), Banka (August 27), Lakhisarai (August 30) and Nalanda (September 1).Singh said a function would be organized at Patna Junction on September 3, which would be inaugurated by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on platform number 7 at 10am. Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey would be the chief guest on the occasion while the guests of honour would be road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav and food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak. The DM said after the inaugural function, the train would remain open for common people from 10am to 5pm. The train has seven coaches, including four bogies having exhibition, the DM said and added that people visiting the train would not have to purchase platform tickets. He said college students have been invited to visit the train and vehicles have been arranged for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "16228486", "title": "Greed, pride are the themes of this tiatr", "text": "GOA: The maxim 'pride goes before a fall' is just right to describe the theme of Constantino Castro's drama, 'Buddvontank Fatram Xit', and he has used a Konkani proverb meaning the same as the tiatr title.Greed for more wealth and possessions, accompanied by pride, can lead to shocks and disappointments, that will bring about a downfall, that what Constantino wants to tell his audiences.Widow Rosa (Dola) works as a maid to support her family of two grown unemployed children, Melwyn (Ulhas Tari) and Merlyn (Roma), without accepting help from others.Melwyn, though educated, doesn't find employment. When Caen (Filipe Almeida), a wealthy friend visits him, Rosa is suspicious and warns her son to avoid him, lest he falls into bad company.Unemployed that he is, Melwyn prefers Caen's company and resorts to gambling. One day, he finds cash set aside by his mother to pay the electricity bill. He steals the money and decides to gamble with it.Melwyn actually wins the jackpot worth crores of rupees. This excites Rosa more than anybody else in the family and instantly they move to a new bungalow. Forgetting their humble beginnings, pride takes centre stage in the family. Where does this lead them is told in the drama's second half.Dola plays a convincing role as a humble woman in the initial stage and then as a proud mother. Ulhas Tari and Roma give her able support. Antush as an uncle and Pascoal Rodrigues (Roma's boyfriend) add much intrigue to the plot.Constantino needs to be commended for the stage setting, besides the light effects. Comic interludes by Agostinho, Selvy and Janet provide much laughter.Songs by Marcus Vaz, Anthony Caiado, Lawry Travasso, Rosario de Benaulim, Tony de Ribandar, Cajetan de Curtorim have different messages and have been well accepted by the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234252", "title": "It's play time for Kalki", "text": "Even though she's occupied with two big Bollywood projects at the moment -- Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani and David -- Kalki Koechlin keeps going back to theatre.The actress, who has never really let go of theatre, despite her movie commitments, constantly travels with her play Hamlet - The Clown Prince across the country. In 2011, she'd even performed in the UK with the cast. Last year, while chatting with us, she'd even expressed her desire to stage the play in Delhi, but the production team couldn't get the venue they wanted.And now, we hear that the actress is writing a new play. Speaking to us at the sidelines of a fashion event in Mumbai, Kalki said, \"I am writing a new play, but I can't say when it will get completed or when I will be able to bring it to the stage. It's a death comedy, but it will take time to shape up since I am keeping busy with my movies. With both Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani and David , I haven't been able to finish writing the play. Hopefully, I will be able to start work on it soon.\"The actress will also be seen walking the ramp for a fashion tour soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16226491", "title": "18 die of H1N1 in August in state, year's highest toll", "text": "PUNE: The state reported 18 swine flu casualties and 254 positive cases in August. The toll is considered the highest since April this year. Experts have advised people to exercise caution as there has been an increase in the H1N1 virus transmission.\"As many as 18 people succumbed to swine flu infection in August,\" state epidemiologist Pradip Awate told TOI on Sunday.Fourteen casualties and 218 positive cases were registered in April when the H1N1 virus had reared its head across the state after a considerable gap. After that, the resurgence of the virus was seen in August. In the meantime, between May and July, the H1N1 virus transmission was on the lower side with a few couple of positive cases and sporadic deaths due to the contagion.\"In May, there were 29 positive cases and two deaths due to swine flu in Maharashtra. June saw 40 positive cases and zero death. The virus transmission started gaining grounds again from July, when 205 positive cases and eight deaths were registered. The transmission reached its peak in August with the highest number of deaths (18) and 254 positive cases,\" Awate said.The symptoms of seasonal and pandemic H1N1 influenza include fever, cough, sore throat, runny or stuffy nose, body aches, headaches, chills and fatigue. Some may also have vomiting and diarrhea. Some people may be infected with the flu, including the pandemic H1N1, and have respiratory symptoms without a fever.So far, it has been observed that certain medical conditions increase the risk of severe and fatal illness. These conditions include obesity , respiratory diseases - notably asthma - cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and immunosuppression, liver disorders, pregnancy, hypertension and neurological disorders.In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned of sporadic seasonal outbreaks of the disease due to changes in season. It had said this would happen for a couple of years till the virus dies down. Deaths in August", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232293", "title": "Ashton Kutcher buys Taj Mahal for Rs 80", "text": "While shooting the biopic on Steve Jobs in India, he bought a miniature of Shahjahan's architectural masterpiece. Perhaps for girlfriend Mila Kunis?That Ashton Kutcher is in India to shoot his next film - a biopic on the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, hit the headlines last week. However, due to high security and unrevealed travel plans of the Hollywood actor, few caught a glimpse of him.Till of course, Ashton himself tweeted about his rendezvous in the national capital. In fact, when inquired, the crew of the Joshua Michael Stern directed venture (which is the same as Mira Nair's The Reluctant Fundamentalist ), said that they were shooting a documentary for Discovery channel. They kept his travel plans under wraps and sought out permissions to shoot only after reaching the destination.But it wasn't all work for the 34-year-old actor. Having shot in the bylanes of Delhi around Jama Masjid (a photo of which was uploaded on a page dedicated to the city on Facebook), Ashton took time out to meet a few girls from an NGO. \"Met some powerful girls today in Delhi at Apne Aap: A grassroots movement to end sex trafficking,\" Kutcher tweeted on Friday along with a picture of him with the ladies.He reached Agra on 29th night around 10.30 pm. After checking in at the Oberoi hotel, he planned his Taj visit that was to take place the next morning at 6 am. But when he woke up, it was raining.Insisting that he would love to see one of the seven wonders of the world through a rainy haze, Ashton along with his father and two friends reached the spot. They were accompanied by famous guide Mohd. Arif Khan, who had also shown Rolling Stones' Mick Jagger around the city on his India visit.The trip that would have taken them half an hour took over two and half hours. Courtesy - the actor's incessant questions about Shahjahan and Mumtaz's love story. They returned to the hotel at around 10 am. After that, they left to see the marble work in Kalakruti, followed by a visit to the Agra Fort at 11 am.Interestingly, despite a cap pulled over his face, a few foreign tourists recognised Ashton at the fort. They insisted he click pictures with them. After a short visit to the downtown market area, Ashton and friends headed to the Mankameshwar temple, where he bought 40 bead necklaces. He even bought a small Taj worth Rs 80 perhaps for girlfriend Mila Kunis who couldn't accompany him. They checked out from the hotel at around 5.30 pm. He boarded a flight from Delhi that very night.Perhaps to refuel his charter aircraft, the actor landed at the Mumbai international airport in the dead of night. He spent some time roaming around in the premises till his plane was ready to fly off to Los Angeles.\u2014 Inputs from Sachin Haralkar and Prachi Kadam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228901", "title": "Problem leopard headed for Nagpur zoo?", "text": "NAGPUR: The problem leopard of Tarna in Kuhi forest range that had killed a woman farmer and injured four others in 20 days is likely to be kept at Maharajbagh Zoo. The beast was trapped on August 28 near where Shushila Uikey was killed a day earlier.Although it has not been proved the trapped animal is the one that attacked humans, forest officials say attacks on humans have stopped after it was trapped. Besides, this leopard was moving in the area where the woman was killed.It is learnt that deputy conservator of forests PK Mahajan has sought chief wildlife warden SWH Naqvi's opinion on releasing the leopard in Melghat, Manikdoh, Pench or keeping it at Maharajbagh Zoo. A decision is likely to be taken on Monday.\"Studies show that leopards return to their territory. Hence, it is very risky to release the Tarna leopard in the wild,\" an official said.The forest department's Deer Park at Seminary Hills is understaffed and ill-equipped to handle such emergencies. Considering this, the leopard is all set to land up at Maharajbagh. The forest department has already dumped a dozen problem leopards here in the past four years.Zoo in charge Dr SS Bawaskar said he has no formal intimation about shifting the problem leopard to the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231155", "title": "Saif, Kareena headed for Goa", "text": "The couple will celebrate Bebo's big day on September 21 away from the hustle-bustle of the cityEven as he is about to participate in a workshop for Tigmanshu Dhulia's next titled Bullet Raja where he plays the lead, Saif Ali Khan has made big plans for his beau Kareena Kapoor's birthday on September 21. He will whisk the actress away to Goa on her big day.Incidentally, Madhur Bhandarkar's much talked about Kareena-starrer Heroine is slated to hit theatres on the same day. On her part, Kareena will complete her pre-release commitments and Saif will fly her out of the city the same night.A source close to the couple told us, \"Saif understands the dynamics of film promotion and realising Kareena will be completely drained out by the end of it, he has decided to take her to a quiet place on the night of her birthday. It will be a much needed break for her.\"Earlier this month, the couple went to London for a week-long romantic getaway. Saif Ali Khan took a breather from shooting for Go Goa Gone while Kareena squeezed in some time from the dubbing of Heroine.The source added, \"Kareena will be extensively promoting Heroine this month, and a lot of things have been planned for the film to reach out to the audience. It is a very important film for her as she has worked very hard for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16231904", "title": "Jeypore palace entrance collapses", "text": "KORAPUT: The main entrance of the eight-decade-old Jeypore palace, which is popularly known as Moti Mahal, collapsed on Sunday. However, no injury or casualty was reported.\"Owing to lack of maintenance, a major portion of the main entrance building of the palace facing west collapsed around 1 pm,\" said Jeypore sub-collector Birendra Korkora.Located in a crowded area in the town, the Jeypore palace is a testimony to the glorious past of the erstwhile Jeypore kingdom. But Sunday's mishap has left locals heart-broken. \"We were proud of the palace. Barring Ganjam district, it was the only palace in this part of the state. It was a historic building and pride of Jeypore. Visitors from far-flung areas use to come here to have a glimpse. Timely action by both by the royal family and administration could have saved the historical monument but now everything is finished,\" said Kapilendra Singhlal, who resides adjacent to the palace and saw the entrance building crumbling down to the ground.Spread in an area of over 10 acres, the palace was built by the then Maharaja of Jeypore Vir Vikram Dev in 1936. It was contructed by British engineer G C Bysack and inaugurated by the then Governor of Odisha John Austin Hubback. The palace, which has over 100 rooms, also consists of a huge darbar hall (court room of the king) and a private temple of the royal family where Hindu festival Dussehra is celebrated with much gaiety even now.The last king of Jeypore, Ram Krushna Dev, had died few years ago and at present his wife, Rama Kumari Devi (84), is residing in the palace. While the two sons of the queen had died much earlier, her two daughter in-laws with their children are staying out of Odisha.Though a portion of the entrance building has collapsed, the remaining portion is dilapidated and the administration has decided to demolish it.\"As the ownership of the palace still lies with the royal family, we held discussions with the queen and she through her lawyers has given her consent to demolish the remaining portion,\" said Korkora. \"Fire personnel and a team of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) will be pressed into service to demolish the remaining part as it may collapse at any moment,\" he added.However, a major mishap was averted on Sunday as the administration had put barricades near the palace gate since Friday and had restricted the movement of public near it. The administration had also issued notice under section 133 of the CrPC (condition order for removal of nuisance) to the queen on Saturday and a technical team of the administration had examined the condition of the palace recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226478", "title": "Experts to write to PM against green ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Non-government wildlife experts on board the PM-chaired National Board of Wildlife (NBWL) are planning to write a joint letter to PM Manmohan Singh complaining of alleged illegalities and malpractices of the environment ministry.In a move that could further embarrass the government, they are also considering using the letter to the PM later in the Supreme Court to oppose some green clearances given by the ministry and some other decisions.TOI accessed communications between the non-official members discussing the possible use of the planned letter to the PM in the Supreme Court to take up cudgels against the functioning and decisions of the environment ministry.The National Board of Wildlife is headed by PM with the environment minister as vice-chairperson and comprises senior government officials across ministries. It also has five wildlife NGO representatives and 10 wildlife experts nominated by the government. It is slated to meet on September 5. The panel decides on larger wildlife policy issues. A select set of board members constitute the standing committee which meets more frequently.The letter, which has already been agreed to by some of the non-official members, includes a list of complaints alleging how the ministry was over-riding the views of the experts to clear projects and obfuscating their dissent in official records.The draft letter cites specific instances of alleged malpractices within the government, asking the PM to 'undo the damage' and restore the 'credibility of the environment ministry'. Only a couple of non-official members have opposed the move from the beginning of the discussions.The non-official experts and NGOs on the NBWL include Valmik Thapar, ex-environment secretary M K Ranjitsinh, Bittu Sahgal of Sanctuary magazine, Mahendra Vyas, who was once on Supreme Court's Centrally Empowered Committee on forestry issues, Brijendra Singh, Divyabhanu Singh Chavda, Prerna Singh Bindra, Satpuda Foundation, Bombay Natural History Society, Nature Conservation Foundation among others.Exchanges between the members show discussions on the possibility that the issues raised and complaints made in the letter may not make it to the formal agenda of the NBWL before the prime minister. But one member, the discussions note, has suggested that the language and content of the letter when signed by the experts could be used in the Supreme Court 'to give justice to some of the issues especially on the projects that were unanimously rejected by the non-official members'.The discussions suggest a strategic move on part of some wildlife experts on board the NBWL to get the backing of the group on the letter which blames the ministry for several malpractices and then use it in court case to get clearances cancelled. The draft letter cites specific cases where the ministry allegedly overlooked their strong objection to projects and in some cases allegedly even provided false information to the apex court to get a green nod.There have been some differences between the members on the tone and content of the letter to the PM and in order to overcome these, sources in the group told TOI that a meeting in Delhi has been proposed to hammer out a consensus before the PM holds the NBWL meeting on September 5.Many members have separately asked the environment and forests minister to put up other issues close to their hearts on the NBWL agenda which includes tribal rights under the Forest Rights Act, ecotourism, the separation of the ministry into distinct environment and forests departments, creation of critical wildlife habitats and the powers and functioning of the NBWL and its standing committee.Thapar has already gone public on his objections to the eco-tourism guidelines proposed by the government, which the ministry too decided to review under pressure from the tourism lobby.The agenda of the NBWL meeting as finalized by the PMO along with the environment ministry has been sent out but the letter by the non-official experts in the works could lead to unexpected fireworks as well as embarrassment for the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234359", "title": "New compound offers cure for Alzheimer\u2019s", "text": "Scientists at Cleveland Clinic in Ohio claim discovery of a new compound, which they believe could one day cure Alzheimer's disease.They hope the compound could help Alzheimer's sufferers regain their memory and other vital brain functions under a new treatment.\"It was shown to be effective in preventing the progression of Alzheimer's. It restored functions in the model that we tested. A lot more research needs to be done, but there is major potential,\" the Daily Express quoted lead scientist Professor Mohamed Naguib as saying.The Cleveland Clinic scientists came across the powerful compound while undertaking tests on a drug to control neurological pain for chemotherapy patients.They discovered that the chemical mixture had anti-inflammatory properties, which they believed could be effective in treating a range of other conditions, most notably Alzheimer's disease.Tests proved to be very positive - and hopes are now high that further research could lead to a mass-market drug.In results published online in the Neurobiology Of Aging , the compound MDA7 was found to interact with receptors in the brain that play a role in the neuro-degenerative processes in Alzheimer's.As a result, the development of the disease could be limited. Treatment with the compound restored cognition, memory and synaptic plasticity - a vital neurological building block on which learning and memory are based.\"Cleveland Clinic dedicated two years of research into the examination of this compound and our findings show it could represent a novel therapeutic target in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease,\" said Prof Naguib, head of Anaesthesiology at Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine.\"Development of this compound as a potential drug for Alzheimer's would take many more years, but this is a promising finding worthy of further investigation,\" he added.Alzheimer's is an irreversible, fatal brain disease that slowly destroys memory and thinking skills.There is currently no cure for the condition, which accounts for two-thirds of dementia cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16231387", "title": "Apple 'warned' over risking 'relation' with Samsung", "text": "LONDON: Britain's biggest technology investors have warned tech giant Apple not to risk completely ruining its relationship with Samsung following its sweeping victory in a copyright and patent infringement case.Apple won a major victory over Samsung last week, after a jury found that the South Korean company had copied critical features of the hugely popular iPhone and iPad and awarded the US company 1.05 billion dollars in damages.Now, Apple is pushing to have several Samsung phones banned from shops in the United States after the Californian jury's ruling that Samsung was infringing six patents on the design and some software from the iPhone.But the South Korean company is also a key supplier to Apple for the processors used in the iPhone and iPad.\"Apple needs strong suppliers. Apple needs to be careful what it wishes for. If this relationship deteriorated, you'd see Apple looking to diversify its supplier base, but that's hard to do,\" the Telegraph quoted Ben Rogoff, as saying, who manages 1.3 billion dollars in technology funds at Polar Capital in London.The supplier relationship is particularly critical since Apple is expected to launch its fifth version of the iPhone this month, a device analysts are betting will drive sales to a new record, the paper said.The supplier relationship has been also strengthened over the past year, with Samsung spending 4 billion dollars in upgrading a factory in Texas that makes application processors that Apple uses in its iPad and iPhone, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16233767", "title": "Coal India Limited earned Rs 5,600 crore more than notified price in FY'12: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government today said it has not taken any decision to discontinue e-auction of coal through which the world's largest coal producer CIL has earned Rs 5,600 crore more than the notified price in 2011-12.\"During 2011-12, the subsidiary companies of CIL have earned Rs 5,600 crore more than the notified price of coal by selling coal through e-auction,\" coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal told Rajya Sabha today.As the government has not taken any decision to discontinue e-auction of coal, the question of coal companies incurring any loss on this account would not arise, he said replying to whether coal companies may lose Rs 6,000 crore due to cut in spot sales.In his written reply, Jaiswal said e-auction was carried under the provisions of new coal distribution policy of October 2007.He said that the purpose behind e-auction was basically \"to provide access to coal for such consumers who are not able to source coal through the available institutional mechanisms for reasons like seasonality of coal requirement, limited requirement of coal not warranting long term linkage etc.\"Sale of coal under e-auction also provides access to consumers to procure coal of their choice and any incremental amount earned over the notified price, through e-auction, is incidental, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227711", "title": "Five held for duping people of crores with fake antiques", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five members of a gang, including a woman, have been arrested for duping people by selling them fake items in the name of 'antiques'. The gang would pass off the fake items as 'nagmani' for prosperity. To gain the confidence of people, the accused would keep the gem in a box and it would sparkle. The trick was pulled off with the help of a bulb. According to police, the accused would demand Rs 2 crore for the gem.Vidyut Kumar Banerjee (42), Kiran Lohia (40), Abu Bakka Mandal (53), Sanjit Pal (36) and Satender Kumar Singh (44) have duped many people, earning several crores in the last three years.One businessman, Shahid, was cheated by the gang a few days ago when he was sold the gem in the name of prosperity and goodluck. One of the accused told Shahid that the precious and antique gem (nagmani), can give a jump in his income.\"The accused invited Shahid to Aman Hotel in Karol Bagh to see a demonstration. The complainant was facing some financial losses in his business and he therefore decided to see the demo. The accused opened the box and displayed the sparkling nagmani to Shahid and demanded Rs 2 crore for it,\" said Devesh Srivastva, additional commissioner of police, central district.They were held on Shahid's complaint. The accused \"worked in a company named IPMI at Kolkata, and were directed by one Dhingan who deals in fake gems\", said cops. The gang would put the nagmani in a box already fitted with an electric bulb. As the bulb was remote controlled, they would manipulate the buttons and mesmerize the customers,\" said Srivastva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234783", "title": "Wanted Sajid to turn director 10 years ago: Salman Khan", "text": "Actor Salman Khan , who convinced producer Sajid Nadiadwala to don the director's hat for his upcoming film \" Kick\", says he has always wanted the producer to direct.Salman and Sajid have been close friends for over two decades now and have worked together in films like \"Jeet\", \"Judwaa\", \"Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega\" and \"Mujhse Shaadi Karogi.\"\"Sajid's narrations are better than those of most directors, and I've been pushing him to make the switch for years. In fact, I wanted him to turn director 10 years ago when he came to me with a film called 'Kunwara'. Today, I'm still kunwara (bachelor) but he's finally turned director!\" Salman said in a statement.\"Kick\" was earlier supposed to be directed by Shirish Kunder but on Salman's insistence Sajid was brought on board.\"Salman and I share a very special chemistry, which you will now get to see on the big screen. We've given big hits like 'Jeet', 'Judwaa' and 'Mujshe Shaadi Karogi' in the past. So at this stage of his career, if he's selected me as his director, I have to make sure I deliver to his expectations,\" Sajid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16231827", "title": "Arms licence curbs around Palamu reserve to check poaching", "text": "Daltonganj: People living within 10km of the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) will now have to obtain prior approval of the state chief wildlife warden for procuring an arms licence. Sources in the wildlife department said: \"Section 34 (3) of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, says no license for arms will be granted to those living within 10km of a sanctuary without prior concurrence of the chief wildlife warden. We are now planning to strictly enforce the law. Just because rules haven't been followed until now does not mean they cannot be enforced in the future.\"The source said that the warden has taken the decision to impose strict curbs on arms in view of the dwindling number of animals at the reserve. The Prime Minister's Office has also sought a status report from the state government over the issue. He added that that the department has written to DCs of Garhwa, Latehar and Palamu requesting not to issue any new arms license to residents living in the periphery of the sanctuary unless the applicant has a concurrence from the chief wildlife warden.D S Srivastava, A steering committee member of the Centre's Project Elephant, confirmed the development and said that the sanctuary covers 1,026sqkm and touches all the three districts of Palamu Division - Garhwa, Latehar and Palamu. \"All applicants in these districts will now have to follow the guidelines,\" he said.The sources said the warden does not have any legal power to cancel licences except he can write to the issuing authority if the licensed weapon is found being used against wildlife and sanctuary's other property. On being asked what would the PTR officials do for licences already issued, Srivastava said: \"In such cases, the arms/ammunitions bearer will have to get his weapons registered with the office of the chief wildlife warden or with the office authorized by the warden for registration.\"As per official figures, the number of big cats in the Maoist-infested Palamau Tiger Reserve has declined from 17 to six in the last five years The census in 2007 had confirmed the presence of 17 tigers in the reserve, spread over an area of 1,026 square kilometres in Jharkhand's Palamau district, which was described by the National Tiger Conservation Authority as a low-density tiger reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16231838", "title": "Dearth of pupils hit Ranchi University vocational courses", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi University, which has started 22 vocational courses in the past two years, is finding it difficult to gather students for some of the courses.Pro-VC of RU V P Sharan said, \"We are extending the admission dates for some courses hoping more students will enroll.\"Courses like master's in agri-business management, PG diploma in medical plant, plant biotech, gemology, water resource management and anti-human trafficking are the ones whose admission dates have been extended.The reason behind this is the lack of placement facilities. A BA Part III student Niral Ekka questioned, \"Why should I waste my years studying vocational courses when there is no job guarantee? I would rather do master's or prepare for competitive exams.\"The situation is such that only one student applied for master's in agri-business management but did not take admission. None have yet applied for PG diploma in medicinal plant and gemology whereas less than 10 students have taken admission for PG diploma in anti-human trafficking.Sharan said, \"The students are unaware of the courses which is why there are less number of enrollments. When they get to know about the importance of the courses seats will automatically fill up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233049", "title": "People who binge drink at increased anxiety risk", "text": "Those who drink heavily may be at increased risk for anxiety disorders such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), according to a new research .The research on mice reveals heavy alcohol use actually rewires brain circuitry, making it harder for alcoholics to recover psychologically following a traumatic experience.It was conducted by scientists at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA) and UNC's Bowles Center for Alcohol Studies.\"There's a whole spectrum to how people react to a traumatic event,\" said study author Thomas Kash, PhD, assistant professor of pharmacology at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine.\"It's the recovery that we're looking at \u2014 the ability to say 'this is not dangerous anymore.' Basically, our research shows that chronic exposure to alcohol can cause a deficit with regard to how our cognitive brain centers control our emotional brain centers,\" Kash stated.\"A history of heavy alcohol abuse could impair a critical mechanism for recovering from a trauma, and in doing so put people at greater risk for PTSD,\" said NIAAA scientist Andrew Holmes, PhD, the study's senior author.\"The next step will be to test whether our preclinical findings translate to patients currently suffering from comorbid PTSD and alcohol abuse. If it does, then this could lead to new thinking about how we can better treat these serious medical conditions,\" Holmes noted.Over the course of a month, the researchers gave one group of mice doses of alcohol equivalent to double the legal driving limit in humans. A second group of mice was given no alcohol. The team then used mild electric shocks to train all the mice to fear the sound of a brief tone.When the tone was repeatedly played without the accompanying electric shock, the mice with no alcohol exposure gradually stopped fearing it. The mice with chronic alcohol exposure, on the other hand, froze in place each time the tone was played, even long after the electric shocks had stopped.The pattern is similar to what is seen in patients with PTSD, who have trouble overcoming fear even when they are no longer in a dangerous situation.The researchers traced the effect to differences in the neural circuitry of the alcohol-exposed mice. Comparing the brains of the mice, researchers noticed nerve cells in the prefrontal cortex of the alcohol-exposed mice actually had a different shape than those of the other mice. In addition, the activity of a key receptor, NMDA, was suppressed in the mice given heavy doses of alcohol.Holmes said the findings are valuable because they pinpoint exactly where alcohol causes damage that leads to problems overcoming fear.\"We're not only seeing that alcohol has detrimental effects on a clinically important emotional process, but we're able to offer some insight into how alcohol might do so by disrupting the functioning of some very specific brain circuits,\" said Holmes.Understanding the relationship between alcohol and anxiety at the molecular level could offer new possibilities for developing drugs to help patients with anxiety disorders who also have a history of heavy alcohol use.\"This study is exciting because it gives us a specific molecule to look at in a specific brain region, thus opening the door to discovering new methods to treat these disorders,\" said Kash.The study has been published online by the journal Nature Neuroscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16229097", "title": "Which loan should you get rid of first?", "text": "Guwahati-based Ronu Mazumdar believes in living life on credit. He owns multiple credit cards and does not balk at rolling over credit from time to time. The 38-year-old businessman is currently servicing a car loan and a home loan as well. His business has done particularly well in the previous financial year and he wants to use the windfall to pay the principal amount of their home loan. However, his wife would rather use the extra money to repay the credit card debt. Whose idea is better?While most people are wont to side with Mazumdar instead of his wife when it comes to paying the debt, financial experts are of a different opinion . This is because while considering the prepayment of a loan, there are several factors that one should keep in mind.Power of prioritisingAccording to Pankaj Maalde, head, financial planning , ApnaPaisa.com, a financial service portal, one should learn to prioritize while dealing with debts. So if you are servicing multiple loans, it is advisable to pay off the costliest loan first\u2014not the fattest one in terms of the EMI outflow\u2014in order to reduce the interest cost burden. \"You can start by paying any credit card loan as these carry the highest interest burden, to the tune of 35-40 % annually, compared with 12-13 % for a housing loan,\" says Maalde.After taking care of the costliest loan, you should tackle the unproductive ones. A home loan, for instance, fetches tax benefits for the investor, while a personal or car loan does not. If you have taken a home loan, you can claim a deduction of up to 1.5 lakh a year for the interest paid under Section 24, while the principal amount repaid up to 1 lakh qualifies for deduction under Section 80C. In fact, you can claim the full interest outgo for a house that is not self-occupied , and the same applies for a study loan under Section 80E of the Income Tax Act. In case of prepayment, this benefit gets reduced. Similarly, a businessman can claim deduction on expenses such as a car, which makes a car loan productive too.According to Jayant Pai, head (marketing) at Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services, the tenure of a loan is another crucial aspect that needs to be considered. \"Suppose that you have taken two loans with similar interest rates. In this case, the tenure should be the deciding factor when it comes to prioritising the loan that needs to be paid first. This is because every additional instalment increases the overall interest cost burden of the borrower,\" he explains.Opportunity costThe above analysis does not apply strictly if the only debt you have taken is a home loan. In such a situation, on landing a windfall, instead of rushing to prepay the loan, first weigh all the options open to you. Chances are that the same money would earn you a decent sum if you invest it. So, if you find an investment option that is yielding a return of, say, 15-18 % annually, it's obviously a better use of your money than prepaying a home loan for which the interest rate is around 14% a year.Pai recommends that if a person gets an opportunity for arbitrage, he should grab it. \"However, generally, only non-guaranteed investments offer higher interest rates than the prevailing market ones. So investing in a fixed deposit would not offer an opportunity for any kind of arbitrage,\" he adds.Penalty for defaultingNow let's assume that you are juggling several loans, but due to a sudden loss of income are unable to pay all your EMIs on time. Here, too, the answer lies in prioritizing. Defaulting on some loans results in a bigger penalty than the others, so these loans should be paid off first, irrespective of the interest rates involved.For instance, defaulting on a personal loan would impact your credit score, but if you default on your car loan, not only will it dent your credit score but there is also the possibility of your vehicle being impounded. Similarly, skipping a single EMI on a home loan is unlikely to drive a bank into a tizzy, but the lender will be a lot less understanding in case of a car or personal loan. The rule of thumb, however, is to inform your bank of your financial situation immediately.The decision to prepay doesn't always have to be based on a windfall. It also makes sense to drum up cash to prepay a part of your loan if interest rates jump up significantly, thus hiking your EMI outflow. For example, the interest rate on home loans in 2006 was around 7.5% annually, and today it is around 13%. So you can choose to prepay the balance principal amount to keep the monthly outgo steady without increasing the loan tenure. However, before doing so, it is imperative that you keep aside some money covering six months' expenses as an emergency fund. \"This should be able to cover bare essentials, such as the monthly loan repayments, utility bill payments, food and other general expenses that you need to keep your life running smoothly,\" says Maalde, adding that this fund can also be used in case of any exigencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228233", "title": "Court trashes \u2018invented\u2019 plea against Hindi Prachar Sabha", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has dismissed a writ appeal against the Dakshina Bharath Hindi Prachar Sabha, saying it was an 'invented' petition filed by a person with ill-intentions.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, dismissing the plea of Indiran Nanchil, said, \"He is a publicity monger and by misusing his political position, he is trying to enter into the shoes of the state and central government organizations to wreak vengeance against the Sabha, thus satisfying his personal ego, which can never be permitted.\"Nanchil wanted the court to direct the Centre to reconstitute the Sabha as per the Dhakshina Bharath Hindu Prachar Sabha Act, 1964. After a single judge dismissed the petition, he filed the present appeal. He described himself as president of the All India Annai Sonia Tamil Valarchi Peravai, and had also approached the CBI and the National Human Rights Commission.The judges lambasted Nanchi and said, \"a self-proclaimed follower of Gandhism and Kamarajar-type of politics, he is continuously spitting venom against the Sabha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232238", "title": "No softening of stand over PM's resignation demand, says BJP", "text": "BHOPAL: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has denied reports that the party has softened its demand for resignation by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over the coalgate scam. Talking to reporters at the state BJP office here the party national spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad ruled out differences within his party regarding the demand for PM's resignation.How can the Prime Minister remain in office when the CBI is investigating irregularities in the allotment of coal blocks scam allocated which were passed when Manmohan Singh was holding charge of the portfolio? How can investigations by the CBI be unbiased if he continues in office and the investigating agency is reporting to him? CBI comes under Prime Minister's office, so can the inquiry be fair?'' he asked.Recalling the 2G scam resignations, Ravi Shankar Prasad argued that A Raja was telecom minister in the UPA alliance government and resigned when the CBI started its investigations. Another DMK minister in the Centre, Dayanidhi Maran , resigned after his brother's company figured in the 2G spectrum investigations.Will the prime Minister please explain why there is one set of rule for the ministers from the UPA allies and another for him and the Congress ministers?'' Prasad argued.Explaining senior party leader Sushma Swaraj's Friday night tweet and her conversation with UPA president Sonia Gandhi , Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"Sonia Gandhi called Sushma Swaraj and said she wanted the logjam in Parliament to end. Replying to that, Sushma Swaraj had said that the Congress had to show its own intentions to end the Parliament impasse. She said, first cancel all allotments and then announce a fair and independent inquiry. The conversation was about the Congress' intentions only and there is no difference of opinion between what I say and Sushma Swaraj regarding the Prime minister's resignation issue.''Prasad justified the BJP's stand against a Parliamentary debate. He said that while Parliament was the place for debates, the actions following the discussions are not taken by the ruling UPA government. We discussed Commonwealth Games scam, debated it in the House but no chargesheet was filed against Suresh Kalmadi and chief minister of Delhi Shiela Dixit faced no inquiry. In the 2G spectrum scam, A Raja would not have resigned if the BJP hadn't pressured the government.''Reacting to the CAG report's revelation about the role of BJP chief ministers in the coal block allocations, Ravi Shankar Prasad claimed: Coal blocks can be allotted only and only by the Government of India. Our chief ministers did not ask for cancellation of auction of the coal blocks.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227303", "title": "In 8 years, electric vehicles need Rs 12,000 crore subsidy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will need to provide Rs 10,000-Rs 12,000 crore as subsidy to promote use of electricity-powered vehicles in the next eight years, a group of ministers on electric vehicle mobility has said.At the first meeting of National Council for Electric Mobility (NCEM), the group of ministers justified this massive subsidy saying this move would reduce India's oil consumption.Government sources said the need for subsidy under \"demand creation\" head found favour with most of the committee members since electric vehicles need to be sold at discounted prices. NCEM, which has 18 members including eight Cabinet ministers, met on Thursday to chalk out the plan for rollout of electric vehicles in all segments.Schemes by the Centre and the states are extended on year to year basis without total duration and budget. \"As a result, manufacturing/value addition in the country is restricted to assembly operations with critical components being imported,\" the committee was informed.To push demand for such vehicles, new and renewable energy ministry had an incentive scheme of Rs 95 crore between 2010 and 2012. Some state governments such as Delhi provide 15% subsidy on base price, 12.5% exemption of VAT and refund of road tax and registration charges.Sources said a few electric automobile manufacturers present at the meeting lamented how they were running into huge losses since buying such vehicles was not popular in the country. A detailed presentation also pointed to the need for \"continuing the incentive policy/scheme\" to give confidence to the industry for committing large investments for setting up domestic manufacturing facilities.While heavy industries minister Praful Patel pushed for incentives, urban development minister Kamal Nath said the focus of electric vehicles should not be restricted to two-wheelers and cars. Officials said Nath said this should be extended to buses, LRTs and all other modes of urban public transport. Highways minister C P Joshi proposed that free electric two-wheelers could be given to college students for their achievements to popularize the new technology.Electric vehicles have gained importance considering the road transport sector guzzles almost 80% of India's crude oil consumption. Estimates suggest that per second consumption of crude oil in India was 36 barrel in 2010 or 2,165 barrels per minute. Moreover, import of crude oil is likely to increase from 87% in 2010 to 92% in 2020 in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227456", "title": "Coalgate: Washout looms over monsoon session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament with no sign of compromise between the government and BJP over Coalgate.The twin demands that BJP brass has laid out for relenting on its blockade of Parliament - cancellation of coal blocks and judicial inquiry - are unlikely to be accepted in haste, especially since the row has already done the damage to the government.There were reports that leader of the House Sushil Kumar Shinde spoke to leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Sunday and conveyed that BJP's demands could not be accepted.Parliament has not functioned for two weeks since the CAG report on coal block allocations was tabled and BJP sought the resignation of the PM who was minister in-charge during the period audited by CAG.BJP leaders L K Advani and Swaraj said discussion in Parliament could start if the demand for cancellation of coal blocks and judicial probe were accepted, belying the notion that the opposition had climbed down. Though the demands mark a softening of stance from the earlier position that the PM had to resign, they are still enough to keep the Houses from starting.Government managers argue the damage has been done and it makes little sense to surrender at this late hour. They rebuffed talk of early curtains on Parliament session, adding UPA would continue to persuade BJP till September 7.A leader said judicial inquiry was not an unacceptable demand but cancellation of coal mines across the board would be difficult, especially when an inter-ministerial group is vetting the progress made by allottees in starting to mine coal.Notwithstanding the uproar, the Centre argues that the policy of coal block allocation was good while defaulters were being identified and could face cancellation.With Parliament entering the last week of the monsoon session, the Centre is mulling passing some substantive bills like protection to women from sexual harassment in work place, law to make money laundering and counterfeit currency as terror activities and amendment to Motor Vehicles Act. A bill to ban employment of manual scavengers is to be tabled. However, UPA managers said no legislation with substantive dissent from the opposition would be pushed through.The confrontation is likely to further embitter the relations between Congress and the principal opposition party who have clashed repeatedly over issues like CWG and 2G scams. Congress, however, believes coal is different.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said BJP should first act against its chief ministers on whom CAG has given adverse reports. \"BJP is spreading anarchy across the country using a CAG report. The same CAG had found irregularities related to coal mining in Chhattisgarh that caused a loss of Rs 1,000 crore to the state exchequer,\" he said, demanding action against CM Raman Singh.Tewari said CAG had also indicted Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka. \"BJP should first act against its regional governments,\" Tewari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228198", "title": "After sultry, hot noon comes sudden showers", "text": "CHENNAI: Sudden showers lashed the city late on Sunday evening, taking many by surprise. Much of the rain was, however, concentrated on the outer parts of the city with central Chennai receiving the least rain. The weatherman attributed the showers to a low pressure over the Bay of Bengal .\"Our satellite pictures show some cloud cover, but these are not rain-bearing clouds. A low pressure has developed,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director-general of India Meteorological Department.Road users were caught unawares. \"I was travelling towards Koyambedu when it suddenly started raining. There were thunder and lightening as well,\" said P Vijay from Vadapalani. While Nungambakkam recorded 12mm of rain, Ennore in the north and Avadi in the west received 22mm.\"Even Taramani in the south recorded a good spell. All the rain water gauges have by and large recorded rain,\" said Raj. Madhavaram recorded the highest in the city with 32mm of rain. Going by the rainfall pattern in Tamil Nadu, these rains do not last more than three days at this time of the year.However, officials say September is an important month of the year when it comes to rains.\"Tamil Nadu as a whole receives about 10cm to 12cm of rain. We still have a deficit of around 3cm and hope the coming month fills it,\" said Raj. Though there was heavy rain in the night, the morning and the afternoon showed no signs of it. Nungambakkam recorded a maximum temperature of 36.8 degrees celsius, which is three degrees above normal. In September, Chennai receives 13.7cm of rain over seven days. Data from 1970 to 2000 show that 4.6 days of these 7 days of rain are accompanied by thunder storms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16227477", "title": "Coalgate: Cong, BJP workers clash outside Jaiswal's house", "text": "KANPUR: Several Congress and BJP workers were injured after police resorted to lathi charge outside Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal's house here on Sunday when they clashed over the issue of cancellation of coal blocks allotted by UPA government between 2005 and 2009.The protests, that began around 11.30 am, turned violent when BJP workers blackened Jaiswal's face on posters and tore down several of them demanding his resignation. Angry Congressmen called for immediate arrest of BJP men.But hundreds of BJP workers, holding posters and placards, marched through Lal Bangla and Pokharpur markets to reach Jaiswal's house, shouting anti-Congress slogans. They demanded Prime Minister's resignation and shouted called Jaiswal a \"chor\".Congressmen outside minister's house challenged the BJP workers who were larger in number. The two sides came face to face, and the heavy police force formed a human chain preventing BJP workers from crossing over the barricade. Workers from both the parties then manhandled policemen.The police tried to chase them away were grossly outnumbered. When the disturbance spun out of control, additional police forces were rushed to Jaiswal's house. Senior administrative officials, including ADM reached the spot. Police had to use force to disperse the angry groups. BJP MLAs Salil Vishnoi, Satyadeo Pachauri, Raghunandan Bhadauria and Congress workers, including corporators Naveen Pandit, Mukul faced police wrath.Running for cover, they sill threw stones at each other. Vehicles outside Jaiswal's house were damaged. It was wasn't until the police warned about using tear-gas that the mob dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16234982", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar bowled thrice in a row in New Zealand series", "text": "BANGALORE: Surprising as it may sound but senior Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar's defence has been breached three times in a row in the ongoing Test series against New Zealand.After being bowled in the first innings of the first Test in Hyderabad and the first innings here, Tim Southee made it three in a row when he disturbed Tendulkar's middle stump on the fourth day of the ongoing second Test.Revered worldwide for his record-breaking feats and his sound technique and temperament, the veteran batsman's campaign in the two-match series got off to a poor start after Trent Boult cleaned him up for just 19, uprooting the middle stump in the first Test, and it continued in the second match here.Doug Bracewell went through Tendulkar's defence after he left a gap between his bat and pads in the first innings of the ongoing match.Tim Southee then piled on Tendulkar's agony as the Kiwi pacer knocked the middle stump after clipping his pad with a delivery that came back into the right-hander. That Tendulkar was playing across, did not help the batsman's cause.The batsman seemed quite frustrated with himself as he raised his bat in anger at the stumps.Tendulkar, who has scored 15,489 in 189 Tests for an average of 55.31 prior to this match, has now being bowled 51 times in Test cricket. Rahul Dravid (55) and Allan Border (53) top the charts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226389", "title": "Encroachment, quarrying take a toll on Parsik Hill", "text": "MUMBAI: The 15-sq-km Parsik Hill, nestled between Thane and Panvel creeks, is facing the threat of extinction and if steps are not taken immediately, the entire stretch of reserved forests will vanish to quarrying and rampant encroachment. So far, 1.4sq km or 9% of the hill has reportedly been sliced off, and if activists are to be believed, an entire part of the hill, around 30% of it, will be destroyed in five years, by the time the quarry contracts expire.With a 7-km-long, 10-ft-wide ridge starting in Belapur, ideal for trekking, the picturesque hill could have been turned into a popular eco-tourism hub, complete with picnic spots, summer camps and facilities for rock-climbing, but the place is slowly being flattened out, with contractors bulldozing the slopes for stones. \"The hill has a huge potential for eco-tourism, given that it runs through the municipal limits of Thane and Navi Mumbai and is about 30 minutes from Mumbai. Besides trekking trails, there is also a rock-climbing centre in Mumbra,\" said an activist. But besides the hill facade being excavated in Navi Mumbai, on the Mumbra side, new shanties are cropping up along the slopes and temples being built. Activists fear that the constant onslaught will rob Mumbai of one of its few green stretches, and with it, the flora and fauna\u2014wild boars, barking deer, numerous reptiles, insects and over a 100 species of birds\u2014of the locality will disappear.Trekker enthusiast Ameya Gokhale said it was curious to find so many temples in the area. \"I went trekking in the hills 18 months ago, the most popular trail being outside Kalwa station. Now, with shanties encroaching right up to the top of the area, it is almost impossible to walk there. At Kalamboli, illegal scrapyards block the way,\" he said. The construction of roads along the hill has apparently granted easy access to the unprotected forest, resulting in encroachment.Despite its adverse impact on nature, quarrying is not illegal as the forest department has given Cidco 7 sq km of the hill to be \"used appropriately\". Nearly 90 quarries function in the Cidco's part of the reserved forest and another 24 on forest department land. Each quarry is spread over 2.5 acre or 1 hectare. Officials said all the quarrying licences will end in about five years. Director of NGO Vanshakti V Stalin said, \"At the end of it all, one side of the hill will be completely sliced off. The contractors claim to stick to the rule of limiting their business to 1 hectare for each quarry, but we don't know what they are actually up to. By the way the quarrying is going on, around 30% of the hill will be gone in another five years, when the leases expire. The other part of the hill is being taken over by illegal temples and slums.\"According to forest officials, over 11,000 hutments and 100 temples have come up in the hill, and more are mushrooming every day. \"The high court has ordered the demolition of illegal structures and we do carry out such drives. We will hold another razing campaign soon,'' said R K Pole, chief conservator of forests.But lack of administrative will and indulgence from political parties\u2014an NCP office has been set up on forest land abutting Shil Phata road\u2014have ensured that the green reserve is being destroyed, said Stalin. He added the forest department must protect its property. G T Chavan, deputy conservator of forests, said the department had assigned the task of building a wall to the PWD. \"We will build a 50-km-long wall. We are working towards evicting the squatters,\" he said.Times ViewParsik Hills is unique, given its proximity to three big cities. But it's somehow fallen under the National Park's shadow and government agencies do not seem to be too worked up about its problems. Religious installations are indicators of planned encroachment but government agencies often wake up after the problem has grown too huge to be tackled effectively. These problems should be nipped in the bud or Mumbai and its neighbourhood may lose yet another green zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226929", "title": "Karnataka terror plot: Bangalore jihadis took inspiration from al-Qaida's online magazine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anwar Al Awlaki , the slain American national who was considered one of the leading propagandists, talent recruiters and motivators of al-Qaida, may have inspired the young and educated terrorists who were caught in Bangalore and Hubli last week for allegedly planning to attack defence and nuclear installations and assassinate politicians, journalists and businessmen.Karnataka police found many editions of al-Qaida's online magazine - Inspire - stored as downloaded files on laptops and pen-drives of six of the accused.\"The suspects, when confronted with those web files, admitted to the interrogators that they found the contents quite inspiring and wanted to do something big,\" a source privy to the details of interrogation said, even as the Centre - shocked of the level of indoctrination among educated youth - planned to discuss the matter in a high-level meeting over internal security here next week.Besides these arrests and last month's Pune blast, other issues concerning internal security including Assam violence, illegal activities in cyber world, infiltration from across the border and Naxalism will be discussed in the meeting. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and top cops from security and intelligence agencies will attend the conference.Sources said it had emerged during the questioning of arrested persons, including a journalist and a DRDO scientist, that they had been apparently indoctrinated to join the terror module by various inflammatory speeches uploaded on the internet magazine.Awlaki, an engineer who was killed in a US drone attack in September last year, had contributed a number of articles for 'Inspire' as one of its key editors along with his Al Qaida colleague Samir Khan (a Pakistani American), glorifying activities of the terror outfit in Afghanistan and asking educated youth to join \"armed war\" against the US, India, Israel and other western countries.'Inspire' has been touted by many US think-tanks as an effective tool of al-Qaida for recruiting youths without getting in physical contact with them. Editions of the online magazine also carry illustrated guides on making bombs and executing high-profile assassinations.According to US think-tank Center for Strategic and International Studies, al-Qaida and its associated members recognized the importance of information and communication technology and have exploited it for training purposes. It said the magazine provides instructions on topics such as \"how to make a bomb in the kitchen of your mom\" and how to clean AK-47 besides other traditional propaganda pieces.Sources said at least four youths had expressed their desire to fight along Al Qaida cadres in Afghanistan, a proposal which was turned down by the brother of Shahid Bilal, who is believed to be holed up in Saudi Arabia. The youths have told investigators that they were instructed to carry out some attacks in India before graduating to fight the American troops in Afghanistan, sources claimed.In this connection one of the arrested youth, Shoaib Ahmed Mirza alias 'Chotu', had visited Pakistan and got arms training there and after returning, he taught others some of the basics in arms training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "16232417", "title": "Al-Qaida's online magazine 'inspiring' youths", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Investigators probing the terror module busted in Karnataka have claimed that the arrested 11 youths were inspired by the contents of an online magazine which glorifies activities of al-Qaida in Afghanistan.Sources in a joint team of central security agencies comprising officials of Intelligence Bureau and RAW conducting the probe have claimed that during questioning of the arrested people it has emerged they had been apparently indoctrinated to join the terror module by various inflammatory speeches uploaded on internet and writings in the magazine of the sleeper cell of Pakistan-based terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT).The arrested include a journalist working with a prominent newspaper in Bangalore and a Junior Research Fellow of premier Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).The arrested persons have spoken extensively about an online magazine --Inspire -- linked to al-Qaida and published from somewhere in Yemen where articles relate towards drawing youth to an \"armed war\" against Americans, India, Israel and other Western countries who have allied with the US in Afghanistan , the sources said.The laptop and pen drives seized from the arrested people also showed their extensive visit to websites that spoke about joining of terror modules and how to conduct reconnaissance and surveillance of individuals and important targets.Among those arrested are Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui, a journalist, Riyaz Ahmed Baihatti, a BCA graduate and salesman, Mohammed Yusuf Nalabund, also a salesman, Aijaz Ahmed Mirza, a software engineer at DRDO, Shoaib Ahmed Mirza alias Chotu, an MCA student, Obeidullah Imran Bahadur alias Sameer alias Imran, Mohammed Sadiq Lashkar alias Raju, Baba alias Mehaboob Bagalkote, Abdulla alias Abdul Hakim Jamadar, Dr Zafar Iqbal Sholapur and Wahid Hussein alias Sahil.The magazine has been touted by many US think-tanks, as an effective tool of banned al-Qaida terror group for recruiting youths without getting in physical contact with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16232025", "title": "IUML leader\u2019s book may ignite a fresh debate on Jihad", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A book on jihad by IUML leader and minister for panchayats and social welfare Dr M K Muneer, which will reach book stalls in a few months' time, is likely to create ripples in the Muslim community in Kerala, as it seeks to counter the radical interpretation of the key concept in Islam.Dr Muneer, who has been the target of the hawkish elements in the community for long, has decided to write the book three years ago against the background of the emergence of unheard of incidents such as Malayali youth recruited for terror training. Muneer decided to have a fresh look at the concept of jihad in Islam with the intention of exposing those, whom he believed, misrepresented the cardinal concept in the religion.\"I had warned about the possibility of these developments in my book Fascism and Sangh Parivar written in 1996, which came true later. I have collected books written on jihad on all possible sources for reference for writing this book,\" Muneer said.Muneer's basic contention is that greater jihad, as expressed by the Prophet himself, is the fight against one's own self. It is an act of purification through painful process of self cleansing. But some vested interests gave stress on the physical aspect of jihad which, then, meant fighting with the sword.Muneer, in his book, identifies three persons who are responsible for spreading the militant form of jihad: Syed Abul Ala Moududi, Hasan ul-Banna and Syed Qutb . These radical Islamists, according to Muneer, erased the spiritual content from jihad to make it a mere military terminology.Muneer's book turns against the retail agents of the radical variety of Islam in India and Kerala, the most important among them being Jamaat-e-Islami and NDF (now the Popular Front of India).However, P Koya, leader of the PFI and the editor of Thejas, sings a different tune. \"The argument that fight against one own self is the greater jihad does not have a strong basis. It lacks authenticity. Jihad is striving hard, which includes armed uprising too,\" he said.According to him, there is a group of 'apologetical' interpreters of jihad who somehow wanted to compromise with the establishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16229068", "title": "Chandigarh Metro to have an almost quiet run", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As Metro trains will pass through densely populated areas in the city, extra care will be taken to keep noise and vibration levels under control.\"These two are important criteria from public acceptance point of view. The sources of noise are rail-wheel interaction, noise generated from equipment like air conditioner, door, inverter and compressor,\" says the detailed project report submitted by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).The solution lies in providing train floor with noise absorption material, low speed compressor, blower and air conditioner, smooth and gradual control of door and sealing design to reduce the aspiration of noise through gap in sliding doors.On lines of Delhi Metro, Chandigarh Metro will have longitudinally aligned seats - with passengers' backs facing the windowpane. Four-coach metro train will have a seating capacity of 184 and 976 standees \u2014 a total of 1,160 passengers (in case of peak period crush load of six persons per square metre).DMRC had proposed two corridors spread over a total of 25-kmr tube along Himalaya Marg (Sector 1 - Sector 17 - Sector 43 - Sector 51) and Madhya Marg (Khuda Lahora - Housing Board - Manimajra - IT Park) in the first phase.To begin with, Metro would have a frequency of 10 minutes and it could be reduced to 3 minutes with passage of time. BRTS and CRS will be covering 190.5km and 190km, respectively. A total of 11 corridors for BRTS system have been planned by RITES to ferry passengers to the nearest Metro station.An integrated ticketing system has been proposed so that passengers are able to switch modes of transport. This would be a major convenience for the general public as it avoids wastage of time in buying tickets again and again.According to the traffic survey conducted by RITES, over four lakh people travel in and out of Chandigarh on a daily basis and at certain intersections on Madhya Marg over 12,000 to 15,000 vehicles pass in one hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231395", "title": "No mercy for miscreants", "text": "INDORE: Indore police seem to be in no mood for any mercy for miscreants. And the crackdown on goons continues. Indore police arrested almost two dozen criminals from different parts of the city here on Sunday. Cops mainly focused on two police stations namely Sanyogitaganj and Banganga area.The camp which continued from morning till evening saw the miscreants running for shelter in Sanyogitaganj area including Azad Nagar and Musakhedi. Simultaneously, Banganga police cracked the whip on criminals in Bhagirathpura, Mahesh Yadav Nagar and Mukherjee Nagar areas. In these two areas, cops arrested 22 miscreants and sent them behind bar. Interestingly, cops arrested a bootlegger with country made pistols. He was trying to sell it.It is believed that many criminals have gone underground as soon they got to know about the police campaign against them.Total number of arrests has gone beyond 300 during the last five days. Until Saturday, cops had taken action against at least 300 miscreants of the city.The SP, headquarter, Dr Ashish informed that the campaign against miscreants will continue and more anti-social elements will be sent behind bars. About the impact, he told that it will definitely help develop confidence among Indoreans in the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16227790", "title": "Alagiri son's 'role' gives political twist to scam", "text": "MADURAI: The multi-crore granite quarrying scam has acquired a political tinge now that Union minister M K Alagiri's son, Dayanidhi Alagiri, has been named as one among a dozen people wanted in connection with it.While the DMK has cried foul and said the police investigation has taken a wrong turn, and that Dayanidhi had ceased to be associated with the suspect-mining firm in 2010, the police and ruling party denied any witch-hunting saying the fraud was happening even before 2010.The magnitude of the scam has only swelled ever since it surfaced a couple of months ago following a damning report by the former Madurai district collector U Sagayam. Having arrested the biggest of all granite miners, P Palanichamy, the district police have now spread the dragnet for 12 others including Dayanidhi. The Alagiri scion has knocked at the doors of the high court, which is scheduled to take up his anticipatory bail petition for hearing on September 4.Meanwhile, the police have tried to seal the escape route of all the suspects by approaching the immigration authorities to issue a look out circular for them. The news of inclusion of Dayanidhi Alagiri's name and the consequent request for issue of look out circular against him and others has made the DMK see red. \"Why should the police hurriedly seek immigration authorities to issue a look out circular, which is an extreme step?'' asked one DMK source.But, why not?Just as an accused is entitled to evade arrest by resorting to all legal options such as obtaining anticipatory bail, a law enforcing agency is entitled to arrest him and subject him to custodial interrogation. While it is up to a competent judicial forum to take a call on the matter, police need not wait for judicial orders to arrest the wanted. To that extent, the Madurai police cannot be faulted in approaching the immigration authorities for issue of circular against the accused, including Dayanidhi. Needless to say, all of them are men of means, for whom fleeing the country is definitely a short-term option to avoid custodial interrogation.Even as the DMK leaders such as TKS Elangovan attempt to make it appear as if it's a DMK vs AIADMK affair, a senior officer said the police were quite aware that action against Dayanidhi Alagiri would indeed be interpreted as a political witch-hunt.\"In fact, we were extra cautious while booking the case against him. Evidence clearly suggests that his company was involved in illegal mining. Though he claims that he isn't a partner of the company since 2010, illegal mining was going on for years before that,'' he said. Police say that they have neither singled out Dayanidhi Alagiri nor was it possible for them to extend preferential treatment to him just because he is son of a union minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16228522", "title": "'Everest violence won't affect industry'", "text": "Pradeep Daberao, joint director (industry), Nashik division, in an interview with TOI talks about the current scenario and industrial growth in the city, incentive schemes provided by his department to companies and the hurdles the firms face to survive.What is the present industrial scenario in Nashik?Many large industries are ready to come to Nashik, but the scarcity of land is the major issue Nashik is facing today. The Satpur and Ambad Industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) are fully occupied and there is a huge demand for additional land for industry. Even existing industries don't have enough land for expansion. Around 500 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) have put their expansion plans on hold due to non-availability of land.MIDC is currently carrying out land acquisition and is expected to make land available for industry at reasonable rates. But land prices have shot up in Nashik in the past few years in the range of Rs 40 lakh to Rs 1 crore per acre, and this is a major hurdle. Moreover, there is a huge gap between market rates and MIDC rates. In Sinnar, MIDC's land rate is Rs 865 per sq m, while the market rate is in the range of Rs 3,000-4,000 per sq m. The rising cost of land is a matter of concern as investment in land is dead investment for industry. Investment in machinery is more significant for them. After all, production is directly linked to machinery. Hence, increased land rate is another bottleneck.What is the status of proposed land acquisition for industry in Nashik?The land acquisition process is conducted by the MIDC and industries approach us for incentive schemes. This issue was discussed at the recent meeting of the Zilla Udyog Mitra. Acquisition of around 11,111 hectares of land has been proposed at 16 locations across Nashik district and the plots are in different stages of acquisition. MIDC expects to complete this acquisition by the end of the financial year 2014-15.The joint measurement for acquisition of 129 hectares of land in Gonde near Nashik is being completed and Rs 6.75 lakh has been paid for measurement work. Around 212 hectares of land has been notified in Wadivarhe near Nashik but the joint measurement of the land has not yet been complete due to opposition to land acquisition by farmers.Other locations in the Nashik district wherein land has been notified include Musalgaon, Kedarpur, Shahapur, Khopadi Bu and Gulvanch with total 1,456 hectares, Shivajinagar, Gonde and Datali with total 651.86 hectares, Mapari near Sinnar (230.67 hectares), Mauje, Baragaon, Pimpri (1,272.81 hectares), Mauje, Sonambe, Konambe, Harsule, Paste, Khapale and Shastrinagar with a total 966 hectares, Malegaon Sione Bu (113.20 hectares), Zodge and Jalaku with total 2,354 hectares and Yeola Chchondi Khu (109.34 hectares).Apart from the land issue, what else ails industrial growth in Nashik?There are some infrastructure-related problems as well. Nashik-Mumbai road connectivity has improved a lot. But, there is problem with regard to Nashik-Pune road connectivity. A proposal for four-laning of Nashik-Pune road has been approved and it is expected to be completed in the next five years.What incentive schemes is MIDC offering for industry?The incentive package scheme was introduced for small, medium and large industries in the year 2007 by the state government. These schemes will be in effect till a new scheme is introduced by the state government. Around 30 to 50% Value Added Tax (VAT) is refundable for new industries or expansion projects for small, medium and large industries. This scheme is applicable for small, medium and large industries under C, D and D+ industry zones, while it is applicable for small industries under the B zone. There is 100% stamp duty exemption while purchasing land in these zones. Moreover, 100% octroi exemption is given for new industry within the limits of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). The Ambad and Satpur industrial areas of MIDC are located within NMC limits.What about VAT and octroi refund to industry in recent years?During the financial year (FY) 2011-12, around seven units were disbursed VAT refund amounting to around Rs 1.02 crore. By July end in the current FY 2012-13, around Rs 4.91 crore has been disbursed to 37 units. During FY 2011-12, octroi refunds amounting to Rs 3.02 crore were disbursed to eight units by the department of industry. By July end in the current FY 2012-13, octroi refunds amounting to Rs 11.35 crore were disbursed.How many industries are sick or closed in Nashik district?There are around 14,770 registered units across Nashik district, including 178 large units. Of the 14,592 registered micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), around 1,806 units are closed, affecting employment of 7,844 workers. Around 12,786 MSMEs are operational across the district having total manpower of around 1.06 lakh employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16229682", "title": "Here, all that glitters is gold", "text": "THRISSUR: When Melpathur Narayana Bhattathiri, the most famous among Guruvayur saints, composed 'Narayaneeyam' praising Lord Vishnu around 500 years ago, little would he have imagined that Sree Guruvayurappan would one day become one of the wealthiest deities in the country.The Guruvayur Sree Krishna Temple, believed to be 5,000 years old, is today worth about Rs 2,500 crore, according to unofficial estimates.The Lord has bank deposits worth Rs 678.04 crore, owns 108 hectares of land, 63 tuskers and about 1,000 cows. The temple also has an estimated 582 kg of gold kept in a bank locker, and over 600 kg of gold stored in the premises (the exact figure is undisclosed).\"The deity is also known as 'Ponnu Guruvayurappan' as he owns quintals of gold in the form of ornaments, lamp, 'Thiruvabharanam' (sacred jewellery), crowns, vessels, 'swarna kolam' (gold shields), doors of the sanctum sanctorum and 'kodimaram' (flagstaff),\" said an official. The total receipts estimated in the budget for the current fiscal is Rs 186.95 crore. About 40,000 devotees visit the temple daily, and revenue from ritual offerings and others is about Rs 25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227368", "title": "Triple suicide: Kolkata Police rule out cash crunch", "text": "KOLKATA: Two days after a woman and her two daughters jumped to their deaths from a plush city highrise, police seem to have found some clues that can fill up the blanks.Cops feel the trio had been contemplating suicide ever since the condition of Nihar Mukherjee - who was then undergoing treatment at Ramakrishna Seva Pratisthan for pneumonia - was reported to be critical.Some time around August 15, environmental activist Mukuta had asked a close friend about a guest house located in a highrise. Later, it was through a fellow activist that she learnt about the guest house at South City apartment.Police said a woman booked the guest house for August 30, for a US guest. The caretaker of the guest house, Rabin Purakait, admitted that such a booking was done on August 25, but neither the US national nor the woman arrived on that day.Friends, who had accompanied Mukuta to the crematorium, also confirmed the fact. \"Once the cremation was over, Mukuta repeatedly kept saying nobody could separate them from their father. Initially, we thought that she was too aggrieved and tried consoling her. But now things are falling into place,\" said a friend. Though the sequence of events has been traced, the motive behind the triple deaths has left the cops baffled.Police have spoken to a few relatives and a cousin of the two siblings who had claimed their bodies for cremation, but to no avail. Some of the relatives hinted that a financial crunch could have led them to suicide.On going through bank transactions, police found out that the family had encashed two fixed deposits on August 27 and got Rs 1 lakh. On August 30, they encashed three other fixed deposits and got Rs 1.40 lakh. The same evening, Mukuta made a payment of Rs 1.74 lakh to the hospital before collecting her father's body. Sources said that except Nihar's pension, the family did not have an adequate source of income.It may apparently seem that they had a financial crunch, but that might not be true, an officer pointed out. The Mukherjees had cash certificates worth Rs 6 lakh and a property off EM Bypass which will not be less than Rs 3.5 crore.\"They had cash, landed property and a flat. No one can say that they were in acute financial crunch and were led to suicide because of that,\" he said, adding that some other reason may have led them to kill themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226773", "title": "Mumbai residents come together to save open spaces", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens from across the city organized two different meetings on Sunday to save open spaces and demand action against illegal encroachments.Over 70 people from all over the city attended a meeting in Juhu to save open spaces. They have decided to approach the municipal commissioner and ask him to involve them in drawing up of the new Development Plan (DP). This, the citizens said, will help them mark on the map small open spaces in their localities. The citizens also want to have a say in decisions on changing of reservation of an open space. \"By open spaces we do not mean just the playgrounds and recreational grounds. We also want wetlands, mangroves and salt pans to be protected,\" said Ashoke Pandit of the Save Open Spaces. The citizens are now planning to launch a website where all data pertaining to open space will be uploaded.The civic body is currently in the process of drafting DP (2014-34). The DP is the public land use plan that the BMC is expected to implement over two decades by acquiring land from private owners and developing it for the intended purpose. It acts as a blueprint which earmarks land for various public amenities such as open spaces, affordable housing, roads, public schools and hospitals.Meanwhile, several organizations working in and around Bandra held a citizens' march from the Apostolic Carmel Convent to the BMC office on Hill Road, Bandra (W). The march was organized to protest against illegal hawkers, encroachers and atrocities against women cops.\"Even after repeated complaints to relevant authorities, illegal hawkers are freely conducting their business, with the blessings of politicians. We want to mount pressure on the authorities so that action is initiated,\" said Anandini Thakoor, president of H-west federation. Activists said there have been instances were women cops were abused and assaulted by the hawkers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234708", "title": "Eva Green reveals the secret behind her strength", "text": "Eva Green , who has been hailed as one of the best Bond girls ever following her role as Vesper Lynd in Casino Royale, has revealed the warnings her mother gave her regarding acting.The 32-year-old French actress made her controversial screen debut three years before then in The Dreamers in which she spent much of the film naked.My mother Marlene Jobert was scared for me to become an actress like her. She knew I was too sensitive and fragile, the Sun quoted her as saying.So I have learned from her how to appear to be tougher than I really am. She said: You want to be an actress? Then act as if you are not scared of anything.Her advice made me feel alive. I was constantly encouraged to express myself and truly live my life.After doing three years at a drama school in Paris, I moved to England to do more training and try to perfect my English.My father, Walter, is Swedish, so I am a real mix of nations. My mother was worried for me taking my first big film, The Dreamers.It was directed by Bernardo Bertolucci , famous for Last Tango In Paris and the sex scene between Marlon Brando and Maria Schneider.She was scared because of the myth of Maria Schneider being traumatised by the scene and the filming. Things did go wrong for her afterwards. (The actress had drug problems.) The sex scenes were quite full on and frank in The Dreamers. It was originally going to be Jake Gyllenhaal as the male lead but he had a problem with the full frontal nudity.The actor Michael Pitt took over instead. There was one scene in which he genuinely had to become aroused, but that was very difficult for him. It is not easy, unless you are a porn actor.I had a scene in which my own character has to lose her virginity. I had to remember how I felt when I first had sex. I am so reserved in real life, but I surprised myself completely.I was asked if I wanted some alcohol before some of the scenes, and admit that I did have some whisky. There was a breaking of the ice before the sex scene.The actor Louis Garrel came into my trailer and said: I will show you my d*** if you show me your breasts.So I did, and he did. He said to me: They look great.So when it came to the sex scenes, it made it a little easier.But I hated my body. My mother understands how genuinely shy I am. She knows I am body conscious. Although she is concerned about appearances, like all actors, she anticipated something we are so often asked in acting - to lose weight.She would tell me: You have a great figure. Do not go on a diet, just because someone asks you to do so for a film.Sure enough, I have been asked to lose weight for a film, not the Bond film, where they were happy with my figure. My mother's words of warning flashed up and I did not go on a diet, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226603", "title": "Auto drivers to cripple Mumbai suburbs with twin rallies", "text": "MUMBAI: Already fuming over the constant harassment by auto drivers, who fleece commuters, refuse to ply and behave rudely, Mumbaikars are even more angered by their decision to take out a rally in the western suburbs on Monday. Refusing to call it a 'strike'\u2014as it will invite penal action under the law\u2014at least 5,000 auto drivers will take out a rally to protest against alleged police highhandedness and corruption in regional transport offices.The morcha will start at 10am\u2014when the drivers will assemble behind InOrbit Mall in Malad (W)\u2014and likely to continue till around 4pm. With most drivers participating in the agitation, commuters in the western suburbs must brace for a harrowing time on roads as very few autos are likely to be available on the streets between Bandra and Dahisar. Moreover, the rally\u2014some participants will be on foot and some in autos\u2014itself may cause snarls in parts of the suburb. In a bid to tide over passengers' plight, BEST plans to deploy additional buses in the western suburbs after 10am.The eastern suburbs will witness a similar rally from Kurla to Mulund/Mankhurd on Wednesday. There, the drivers will protest against BMC's inability to provide good roads and the Mahanagar Gas Limited for supplying adulterated that affects auto engines.Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union (MAU) leader Shashank Rao said the protests were primarily targeted at four agencies, the police, RTO, BMC and MGL. \"On Monday morning, we will first march to Vanrai police station, the officers of which had recently beaten up our drivers. It will be a symbolic protest against police harassment.\" Another union activist alleged that some policemen extorted money from drivers. From there, the rally will head to the Andheri RTO office in the afternoon, shouting slogans against alleged corruption in the department. \"Our drivers have to wait for two months to get a licence renewed. For any paperwork, we have to bribe officials,\" Rao said. According to a source, the morcha is likely to get support from other unions as well. Officials in the Andheri RTO declined to comment.Commuters, however, are not convinced by this mode of protest. Chandrima Majumdar of Andheri said, \"Why should the drivers take to streets? Union leaders should discuss the problems with police and ward officials without inconveniencing the common man.\" Another commuter, Anil Jaiswal, is equally aggravated by the protest. \"Rao and his father (Sharad Rao) cannot hold the suburbs to ransom. Autos are a necessity, especially on week days.\"But Rao does not think their agitation is going to inconvenience the common man. \"For office-goers, autos will be available from 6am to 10am and in the evening. So I don't think there will be any major difficulty,\" he said. Dismissing his argument, citizens and activists said Mumbaikars needed aut-os throughout the day, especially to travel short distances and to go to and from stations.Consumer activist Sunil Mone said there were other ways of protest, such as meeting the transport chief with a memorandum or having a dialogue with the government. Activist Shirish Deshpande demanded that auto drivers should first provide better service and then make demands for their rights and fare hikes. \"You have several cases of rude behaviour, refusals and meter tampering. The union should first discipline the drivers,\" he said.According to a source, though this is nothing but a strike, auto unions were refraining from calling it so, out of fear that they will be booked under the new Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act. Under the law, a union leader calling a strike can be sent to jail for a year and those participating in it for up to six months. Rao clarified: \"It is not a strike or a bandh. It is a normal protest against errant cops, RTO officials, MGL and BMC engineers.\"Monday Morcha in the western suburbsDrivers Off The Streets: More than 5,000Time: From 10am to 4pmAreas That May Face Auto Shortage: Bandra to DahisarAuto Drivers' Demands:Officials at Vanrai and few other police stations should stop harassing auto driversSome Andheri RTO officials demand bribes from drivers for paperwork. The corruption should endWednesday Morcha in the eastern suburbsDrivers Off The Streets: More than 5,000Time: From 10am to 4pmAreas That May Face Auto Shortage: Kurla to Mulund/MankhurdAuto Drivers' DemandsBMC engineers should ensure better roads, with no potholesCNG gas outlets should stop supplying adulterated \"rich\" (heavy) gas that takes a toll on auto engines.Some outlets should stop supplying LPG instead of CNGRally Route in Western SuburbsThe rally will start at 10am, when auto drivers will assemble behind InOrbit Mall on Link Road in Malad (W)Some on foot and some in vehicles, the protesters will go through Goregaon West, MTNL Signal, Veer Savarkar railway flyover and the Western Express highway before reaching the Vanrai police stationFrom the police station, the morcha will head for Gold Spot junction on the Western Express highway, Juhu Gully, Four Bungalows and end at the Andheri RTO office", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16228298", "title": "Gujarati school's golden jubilee celebration", "text": "KOCHI: The golden jubilee celebrations of Sri Gujarati Vidyalaya Higher Secondary School, Mattancherry, began on Sunday. The three-day programme, Swarnotsav 2012, was inaugurated by minister for excise and ports K Babu on Sunday evening.Union minister K V Thomas inaugurated the alumni association of the school. During the programme, former teachers of the school were honoured by the school authorities. As part of the jubilee celebrations, various cultural programmes including dance, music, and skits by school students, former students and members of the Gujarati Mahajan will be held at the venue. The celebrations will conclude on September 4.Sri Gujarati Vidyalaya Higher Secondary School was started in 1962 by Sri Cochin Gujarati Mahajan, an association of Gujaratis settled here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231718", "title": "Sudhir Mishra's movie actors to study Big B, Rishi", "text": "Sudhir Mishra who starts shooting for his ambitious period epic Mehrunissa by year-end on location in Lucknow, has found the perfect solution to the problem of getting the old and the young avatars of the Bachchan and Kapoor characters to seem flawlessly synchronized on screen.The two theatre actors who will be playing the younger avatars of the Big B and Rishi Kapoor would now spend the entire 40 days of the long Lucknow shooting observing the Big B and Rishi Kapoor shooting.Reveals Sudhir, \"It's the only we can get the actors to replicate what Bachchan saab and Rishi do to their characters. We'll ask the two actors who play their younger versions to be present on location constantly. And that means, every waking, moment. They'll be observing the two actors minutely both on and off camera, and they'll imbibe and absorb the nuances, body postures, hand movements, every little detail and use it in their performance.\"Sudhir says this is the only way the younger versions of the Bachchan and Kapoor can be played. \"Let's face it. These are super-iconic actors. No one can fully replicate their performances. So we're getting the two young new actors to come on the sets, observe them and model their characters accordingly. That's why we decided to shoot out of chronology. We'll shoot the older portions first only so that the two actors would have reference points to base their characters on. Then we go back to shoot the first-half with the new actors.\"The other option was to let the Big B and Rishi play their own young avatars with the use of prosthetics. That option was quickly dropped since the end-result would have been artificial.Sudhir Mishra has also decided to use completely new faces. \"We've two casting directors working on finalizing the young Bachchan and Kapoor. There are are a 100 names on the short list. We'll take a call in two weeks. But whoever they are, both the actors chosen to play the young Bachchan and Rishi would cease to have a life of their own once the shooting with Bachchan saab and Rishi starts. They'll be following the two stalwarts like understudies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227502", "title": "CBI may question Mayawati aide Shashank Shekhar in NRHM scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSP chief Mayawati's close aide Shashank Shekhar might be in trouble as the CBI has found that the \"decision making\" in appointment of 100 additional chief medical officers, especially for implementation of the NRHM scheme, involved him and the file went to him for approval when he was cabinet secretary.Agency sources said former health minister Anant Mishra, IAS officer Pradeep Shukla and other accused persons allegedly decided to make these postings, and then sent the proposal to Shekhar. Sources said they were probing Shekhar's role in this matter and may question him soon.The agency has already registered a case against former UP family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, Mishra, Shukla and others in the alleged selective appointment of over 100 additional chief medical officers in 72 districts in collusion with private contractors to ensure that lucrative supply and construction orders were bagged by them.CBI believes the appointments were predetermined by the accused persons. \"The proposal for this contract, according to which bifurcation of the health department was done, was sent to Shashank Shekhar for approval. They (accused persons) allegedly made a list of 100 doctors who were favorites of private contractors. These doctors were made in-charge of funds for NRHM scheme in all the districts, hence their known contractors got the deals,\" said a source.The agency has named Kushwaha, Shukla, Mishra, middlemen Rashid and Girish Malik, the then DG of family welfare S P Ram, former MLA Ashok Katiyar and MLC R P Jaiswal among others in this particular case, registered in June.\"On each appointment of these additional CMOs, Rs 15-20 lakh was allegedly given as bribe to the accused persons by middlemen who had interests in medicine and other supplies. A proposal was prepared in haste on May 5, 2010 by Kushwaha and Shukla and moved the same day to Shekhar for approval. This bifurcation was in violation of norms laid down by central government,\" sources said.CBI believes that the appointment scam was at the heart of the NRHM fiddle as accused persons had put their favourites in all the districts for giving contracts to their acolytes. \"Also, no criteria was set for selecting a contractor. These CMOs were also posted without any seniority consideration,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228325", "title": "Cops arrest serial-bride who conned 7 men", "text": "CHENNAI: A police team from the city arrested a conwoman, who was on the run after 'marrying' several men and cheating them of lakhs of rupees in cash and jewellery, in Bangalore on Saturday night.Police officers arrested 25-year-old Shahanaz Ismail, who is five months pregnant, on a tip-off. Investigators said one of Shahanaz's friends in Hosur, where she had taken refuge after absconding from Chennai, helped police make the arrest. Police brought her to Chennai by car on Sunday.Police said Shahanaz, from Pathanamthitta district in Kerala, cheated at least seven men in Chennai. She unofficially married four of her victims before deserting them with their cash and valuables.A district-level football player from Pulianthope and a car showroom employee from Mugalivakkam, whom Shahanaz had cheated of a total of Rs 3 lakh, lodged a police complaint against her on August 22. An investigating officer said Shahanaz gave the victims visiting cards on which she claimed to be a graduate of law, and took money from them on the pretext of preparing for the civil service examinations.Shahanaz told police during interrogation that she had only completed Plus-2 in Kerala. She said her mother had deserted her after her father died 10 years ago.\"She married Siddique when she was in Class 10 in Kerala,\" the officer said. \"She left Siddique, with whom she had a child, and got a job in a textile showroom. But she wasn't making enough money so she came to Chennai in 2005.\"He said Shahanaz worked at a store and stayed in a rented house in Medavakkam. She married an art director, Rahul, from Trichy in 2007 and deserted him after six months.\"Shahanaz got a job in a supermarket shortly after leaving Rahul and convinced the owner, Shamsuddin, to give her a loan of Rs 1.85 lakh,\" the officer said. \"She claimed that she needed the money to buy a house and vanished as soon as he gave her the money.\"By this time she had married Prasanna, a football player who lived in Pulianthope. \"Shamusuddin informed Prasanna that his wife was having affairs with several men,\" the officer said. \"He showed him photographs of Shahanaz with other men.\"When Prasanna questioned her, she said Shamusuddin was a pervert. She got a job in a BPO firm in Taramani in 2009 and this helped her get the telephone numbers of several young men.\"Among the seven men Shahanaz cheated, she unofficially married Siddique, Rahul, Manikandan of Porur and Prasanna of Pulianthope. She also cheated Saravanan of Adyar, Raju of T Nagar and Saravanan of Thiruvottiyur. Manikandan and Prasanna filed a police case against her.A police team from Chennai arrested Shahanaz after her friend Priya gave investigators her number. Police arrested her at Kempegowda (Majestic) Bus Terminal when she arrived by bus from Hosur.Police have charged Shahanaz under IPC sections 417 (punishment for cheating), 419 (punishment for cheating by impersonation) and 420 (cheating).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227605", "title": "North Delhi to get outage SMSs from October", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come October and all north Delhi residents will be informed of power faults or outages via SMSs. Discoms will also update consumers on how long it would take to fix the fault.The new technology \u2014 Outage Management System (OMS) \u2014 will help residents prepare in advance for power cuts, at the same time reducing the response time of consumer complaints. The system, a first of its kind in India, has already been put in place at Moti Nagar, Pitampura, Model Town, Shakti Nagar, Keshavpuram and Shalimar Bagh. \"By October we will be in a position to cover every colony in north Delhi,\" said a senior TPDDL officer.The system enables discoms to get first-hand information of any disruption in supply lines even before a consumer makes a call to lodge a complaint. It will also help call centers track the helpline van nearest to the site of power disruption so that it can reach the trouble spot at the earliest.Power distribution companies in countries like Singapore, Canada and US already use the technology. Tata Power officers first learnt about the system during a conference in Canada in 2009. \"We have tied up with GE Energy for implementation of OMS in our areas,\" a senior TPDDL official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16228411", "title": "'New mining leases to be auctioned'", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday stated that new mining leases in the state will be granted through auction.Reply to mediaperson's queries, Parrikar said, \"New mining leases will be auctioned. Definitely.\"Stating that the draft mining policy was open to public suggestions, Parrikar said that nothing will be finalized before September 10, the last day for receiving suggestions and objections from the public.\"Let people give suggestions,\" Parrikar said when reporters questioned him over various aspects of the draft policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16229666", "title": "The treasure trove called faith", "text": "KOCHI: Call it divine irony. As the Gods in the state are becoming richer and richer, the state is falling into a deeper debt trap, year after year.A quick glance at the figures is enough to reveal the debt vs wealth of the Gods irony - if the state has an overall debt of Rs 88,746 crore, the assets of our Gods are estimated to be worth about Rs 2 lakh crore!And when the Gods are attracting hefty offerings from devotees from across the country, when it comes to investing in the state, nobody seems very much interested, despite the best efforts of a cash-strapped government.For this 'faith' reserve, the state and its people have three 'mighty Gods' to thank - Sree Padmanabhaswamy, Sree Guruvayurappan and Lord Ayyappan. Unlike the country's wealthiest, the abodes of these Gods don't actually reflect their wealth. While the reasons could be different, the conventional mindset of the Malayali that real treasure is not something to show off may have influenced the administrators of these temples too.Even though the process of wealth assessment at Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple, done by an expert panel appointed by the Supreme Court, is not complete, experts have roughly put the worth of total assets at Rs 1 lakh crore, with reports putting the total antique value of the treasure at a mind boggling Rs 10 lakh crore.The discovery of the treasure from its vaults has turned out to be a windfall for Lord Padmanabhaswamy, who has witnessed a sudden surge in the number of devotees and consequent revenues. But the authorities are not ready to disclose the actual figure of the increase in revenue collection. \"There has been a 50 to 60% increase in revenue collection following a threefold increase in the number of devotees after the opening of the vaults,'' said a temple official.Next to Sree Padmanabhaswamy is Lord Guruvayurappan, who is roughly worth about Rs 2,500 crore.In terms of revenue and devotees, Guruvayurappan is second only to Tirupati Venkateswara Swamy in Tirumala in south India. But in terms of assets Sree Padmanabhaswamy is ahead of Tirupati. On a normal day, about 40,000 devotees visit Lord Guruvayurappan for a daily revenue of Rs 25 lakh from ritual offerings.Lord Ayyappan is the third richest deity in the state with average revenue of Rs 200 crore a year. The temple also has assets worth another Rs 100 crore in land and gold. \"Though the temple makes a revenue of Rs 200 crore a year, over Rs 100 crore is spent on the temple itself,'' said a Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) official. Since the number of days the temple opens is limited, there's no steady flow of income. Around 90% of the income comes during the 'Mandala' and 'Makara Vilakku' festival seasons. \"For creating amenities alone for pilgrims, we have to spend a huge amount,\" said the official. For TDB, after Sabarimala, the richest temples are the Chettikulangara Devi Temple, which makes a revenue of Rs 120 crore annually, and the Ettumanur Siva Temple that grosses about Rs 80 crore a year. But thousands of other temples in the state are not as rich. \"There are 1,240 temples under TDB and 70% of them are run from revenue generated from these few temples,'' the TDB official said.THE TOP THREE  Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple: 1 lakh crore and counting Guruvayur Temple: 2,500 crore with bank deposits worth 678.04 crore Sabarimala Temple: Average annual revenue of 200 crore plus 100 crore in assets", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228427", "title": "Official gets boot for Lanka football match in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when chief minister J Jayalalithaa is leading a political chorus in Tamil Nadu against India giving military training to Sri Lankan officers, a football team from the island nation played a match at a state government facility, resulting in the suspension of an officer who permitted the event.In a press statement on Sunday, Jaya said she had directed the chief secretary to place the stadium officer of the Nehru Indoor Stadium under suspension and initiate departmental proceedings against him for having \"disgraced\" the feelings of Tamils.She said the stadium officer had given oral permission to a football team from the Royal College of Colombo to play a match against the customs department on August 31. The team arrived here on August 30. Arrangements for the friendly match were made by a Chennai-based Reserve Bank of India officer, who contacted the stadium officer. Though the stadium officer is not the competent person to permit games at the stadium, he gave oral permission, she said, adding that she had ordered that the Lankan football team should not be allowed to play in TN, and that it be sent back immediately.Similarly, she had ordered the return of a nine-member football team from a school in Rathinapura in Sri Lanka , which is in the city to play the Velammal Higher Secondary School here. The team comprised eight players and a coach, she said.'Centre humiliating Tamil Nadu people'In the statement, Jayalalithaa flayed the Centre for having permitted the football team to visit Tamil Nadu in order to sharpen their football skills, and added that it amounted to humiliating the people of the state.Condemning the permission, she said the Tamil Nadu assembly had adopted a resolution demanding imposition of economic sanctions against Sri Lanka. While not acting upon the assembly resolution, the Centre had been permitting technical training to Sri Lankan military personnel in India, hurting the sentiments of Tamils, she said.Referring to the ongoing controversy and demonstrations against imparting military training to two Sri Lankan army officers at the Wellington Military Training College in The Nilgiris, Jaya said despite her call that the officers be sent back immediately, the Centre had not acceded to the demand.Under these circumstances, the Centre has again permitted the football team to visit Tamil Nadu and play matches here, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226424", "title": "Risk of stillbirth 210% among smokeless tobacco users: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: The evils of smokeless tobacco consumption may be well documented but little is known about its devastating effects on the reproductive health of women. Globally, studies have associated low birth weight, pre-term births and stillbirths with smokeless tobacco consumption by women during pregnancy.A recent Lancet study underlined that 66% of the global stillbirths take place in India. While tobacco consumption does not list among one of the top reasons for stillbirths, there is emerging evidence that consumption of gutka and areca nut, considered harmless and even healthy in some parts of the country, may have a significant role to play. Anti-tobacco crusaders say there is little or no awareness even among the medical fraternity that consumption of gutka, areca nut (supari) and mishri can harm the unborn child.A 2004 Mumbai study on 1,217 pregnant women consuming smokeless tobacco during pregnancy showed that babies born to them were 105grams lighter than those of non-users. It also found that women using smokeless tobacco on an average gave birth six days prior to reaching full term.Dr PC Gupta, the principal investigator, said, \"It was a huge indicator given that the baby does not get adequate time to grow.\" He said the most worrisome finding was that the risk of stillbirth was twice as high as compared with non-users. Gupta said that while usage of gutka was limited in women, its usage increased the risk of a stillbirth by 210%.\"Problem with consumption of smokeless tobacco is that its use is socially accepted whereas smoking is not,\" said Gupta. \"This does not change the fact that even smokeless tobacco can cause foetal damage which could be on a par with damage caused by maternal smoking,\" he said.There have been several reports of neo-natal withdrawal syndrome in newborns of women who chewed betel nut during pregnancy. The chemicals and metals inside the areca nut are known to cause adverse birth effects. Even international studies, including one in Australia, concluded that high use of \"pure\" areca nut among pregnant women had an impact on birth weight. Following the study, it was advocated that prevention programmes in pregnant women should include betel nut chewing as a risk factor.Dr YM Nandanwar, head of gynaecology at Sion hospital, said, \"Unfortunately, that kind of awareness is yet to come in those sections of society which consume gutka and pan masala regularly,\" he said.\"While areca nut is globally proven to cause stillbirths, there is little information on its ill-effects in India. Pure areca nut products make it much more toxic and carcinogenic,\" said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, head and neck surgeon, Tata Memorial Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231531", "title": "Arshad Warsi to play Dawood in 'D Day'?", "text": "Where on earth is Arshad Warsi these days? If very reliable sources are to be believed Arshad is getting ready for the biggest challenge of his career. To play Dawood Ibrahim in Nikhil Advani's film D Day.The film about a bunch of RAW agents who are assigned to bring Dawood back from Pakistan to Delhi by road, is currently in the casting process. The crucial role of Dawood has gone to Arshad Warsi. However Arhad, we hear, has his reservations.Says a source, \"Playing Dawood is not quite as simple as it sounds. So many actors have done it. And Arshad is not going into a space already occupied by any other actor. He has asked for time to think about and think out the role at some length.\"Another source tells us that playing Dawood could hamper Arshad's 'Circuit' image in Munnabhai. Says the source, \"The third Munnabhai film is all set to roll by the end of this year. The series decries everything that Dawood represents. Should he risk playing such a character at a time when the Munnabhai franchise is ready to be renewed? That's the dilemma Arshad faces. But Arshad should remember that Ben Kingsley who played Gandhi soon after played an abusive Arab Sheikh in Harem. \"So the dilemma facing Arshad, be faithful to the Munnabhai brand, or be adventurous as an actor? When contacted Arshad said, \"You should ask Nikhil Advani if he is making it and if I am doing it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228330", "title": "Sex worker rescued, 3 held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force raided a brothel and rescued a sex worker in SR Nagar on Sunday. Acting on a tip-off, police raided flat No. 506 at Vishnu Sai Residency in Balkampet on Sunday and nabbed brothel organiser, K Bujji alias Muskan and two customers. Police rescued a 25-year-old sex worker from Antarvedi and seized Rs 5,000 cash. The trio were handed over to the SR Nagar police for further investigation and the victim was sent to a rescue home.In another case, Task Force sleuths raided a gaming den at a lodge in Ameerpet and arrested five punters. Police seized Rs 1.07 lakh cash from their possession. Acting on a tip-off, police raided a room at Trishna lodge in Ameerpet and arrested B Ganga Raju, B Ramesh, P Srikanth, N Murali and Sardar Jaswinder Singh, who were indulging in Teen Patti gambling. Police seized Rs 1.07 lakh cash from their possession and handed them over to the Punjagutta police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16228742", "title": "'Disabled' zilla parishad teachers face criminal action", "text": "YAVATMAL: The 'disabled' teachers from Yavatmal Zilla Parishad, against whom allegations were made for submitting bogus disability medical certificates to avail various concessions, have now been exposed as the government medical college (GMC) panel's report has reportedly confirmed that the certificates were indeed fake. Though the chief executive officer (CEO) Naval Kishor Ram received this report a week ago in a sealed envelope, he is yet to go through it. It is learnt that he has not studied the reports submitted by the so-called disabled teachers as well.When contacted, the CEO told TOI that he was busy and decision on the issue would be taken on Monday. \"Stringent action will be taken against the guilty, which includes filing FIR in the police station,\" he said.It may be recalled that the State Govt has issued a few GRs to grant certain concessions including reservation in appointment and posting at convenient places to the physically challenged.Taking undue advantage of the GRs, a good number of teachers working under the Zilla Parishad have managed to obtain bogus medical certificates of disability and safely submitted to the department for either stalling the proposed transfer or getting a convenient place of work. A few have even got appointment on the strength of those bogus certificates.The issue was brought to light by TOI which stirred the hornet and the ZP authorities woke up from their slumber. The CEO Ram has taken personal interest in the matter and ordered the Education Officer to enlist the teachers who submitted the disability medical certificate along with their request for getting exemption from the impending transfer.The Education Office has enlisted 187 such disabled teachers and their so called certificates were put to test. At the very outset, 102 medical certificates were found bogus and the CEO has sought the assistance of the Dean of the Govt Medical College. The Dean has set up a Medical panel under the chairmanship of Dr. Jatkar of Surgery Department. Later the CEO has ordered the Education Officer to send the concerned teachers in batches to the Medical College for a re-medical examination to verify their claim of admissible disability.During the Medical Examination, the CEO has personally visited the Medical College to oversee the proceedings.The panel members of various departments, namely, ophthalmology, orthopedic and ENT, have examined the teachers and submitted their findings to the Dean through the chairman of the panel.The education office had submitted a list of 187 teachers to the ZP for verifying their medical certificates. On being approached by the ZP CEO, the government medical college dean Dr Anand Dongre had set up a panel to conduct a re-examination. The CEO was also present at the GMC when medical checkups were being done.The GMC dean forwarded the report to the CEO a week ago.Though Naval Kishor Ram refused to divulge any details, sources in the GMC confirmed that 46 medical certificates were found bogus.It is to be noted that the District Medical Board was under the control of the District Civil Surgeon and it was authorized to issue disability certificates to the real disabled after due medical exams. A particular day was fixed for the sitting of the Medical Board and the disabled were supposed to reach the Hospital on that day for the medical examination followed by the issue of the certificates which are considered and appointments and other facilities are given to the disabled in the Semi and Govt departments.Following this development, the so-called disabled teachers are reportedly trying to approach the ZP officials to save them from serious punishment. The CEO too seems to be under political pressure and hence every eye is set on what action he dares to take against the mighty so called disabled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228765", "title": "Early morning rain showers joy on Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Departing from last week's trend, Sunday started with rain. Unlike previous days, when a hot morning dissolved into rain later on in the day, city residents woke up to heavy rainfall in the morning.The downpour, which lasted for over an hour, was accompanied by thunder and lightening. But for city residents, rain came as a pleasant surprise. Bhupinder Singh, a resident of Sector 35, said, \"I went out to get my newspaper, but things had turned very dark. The sky was overcast and it started raining heavily at around 7am. The rain lasted for over an hour before petering out.\"He added, \"There has been plenty of rainfall in the last few days. I hope it continues to rain for a few more days.\"According to the meteorological department, rainfall is expected in the coming days and Monday could also see heavy rainfall. On Sunday, the city recorded a rainfall of 16.6mm.At the Sukhna Lake, the rainfall brought a welcome change for early morning visitors. Harman Singh, a resident of Sector 33, said, \"It got quite dark and it felt like night but it was really beautiful. And suddenly it started raining and I was not able to find cover. But I quite loved getting drenched in the rain.\"Harman had come to the lake after a long time to see how much it had filled up after the recent rains. \"The dry lake had started to look depressing, so I had stopped coming. But, on Sunday, the rain brightened my visit to the lake,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16233456", "title": "Ministerial panel to decide status of 60 coal blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: An inter-ministerial group is likely to review the status of 60 coal blocks on Monday, which both public and private firms failed to develop within stipulated time frame.\"The inter-ministerial group (IMG) under the chairmanship of additional secretary coal may meet on Monday for reviewing the status of 58 coal blocks issued show cause notices,\" a coal ministry official said.Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal has also directed the officials in the coal ministry to submit a final report on the status of the 54 coal blocks by September 15.The government has already issued de-allocation notices to 33 government firms and 25 private companies which failed to develop the same allotted for captive use in the given time-frame.A top coal ministry official had earlier clarified that the blocks, barring a few, are different from those mentioned in the CAG report.The government auditor CAG in its recent report tabled in Parliament stated that undue benefits to the tune of Rs 1.86 lakh crore were extended to private firms on account of allocation of 57 mines to them.The IMG comprising representatives from different ministries may recommend cancellation of such blocks , which did not comply to the development norms.Both Houses adjournedMeanwhile, both houses of Parliament were again disrupted on Monday as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) kept up the offensive and created a ruckus demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over coal block allocation.The Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha were adjourned till noon after oppostion triggered ruckus on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "16228442", "title": "Shacks flout Bombay high court directive in Canacona", "text": "CANACONA: Despite directives from the Bombay high court at Goa, the tourist seasonal stalls, shacks and tents erected at Palolem and Patnem beach at Canacona in the coastal regulation zone, have not been dismantled even after the expiry of the license period on June 15, says Sapnesh Desai, panch of the Agonda village panchayat.Desai said the concerned authorities should take immediate action in order to give justice to \"those poor who have removed their structures in fear of demolition\".\"Even though we have to invest more to restart our business in the next coming season, we have pulled down our shacks and tent. But why are these people still being allowed,\" said Uday Pagi, a seasonal shack owner.\"These people have paid hefty sums to a few councilors and enjoy their patronage,\" another shack owner Shantaram Bhagat alleged.Canacona locals allege that the local authorities, including the chief officer and deputy collector are not taking any action on these illegal structures, despite repeated complaints and asked the chief secretary and the chief minister to look in to the matter urgently.More than 85 illegal permanent structures had been constructed within the CRZ under the Canacona municipality's jurisdiction, with the blessings of some politicians, said Mahesh Sawant, a social worker from Sawantwada.In this connection, he has already filed five written complaints to the Canacona chief officer and deputy collector.Canacona municipality sources informed TOI that the Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) is playing a vital role in regulating development activities along the Canacona coast, despite this, some structures are mushrooming in the different parts of the coastal municipality areas.CMC chief officer Pradip Naik, who is now transferred, said the council has decided to issue show cause notices to the owners of the seasonal shacks and tents for demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16228664", "title": "CITU challenges government to state union caused unrest", "text": "NASHIK: Claiming that the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) was working for the cause of deprived employees and fighting for their rights, district unit president of CITU Shreedhar Deshpande demanded a government statement indicting it for causing unrest in Nashik's industrial sector.CITU had fought for rights of employees belonging to major companies like Mahindra and Mahindra and the Jindal group in Sinnar, among the major industries along with other smaller firms, Deshpande said, challenging the industries and government agencies to bring out an official paper indicting it for that has indicted it for restlessness.\"Issues such as lack of space for industries and lack of power supply, were reasons sponsible for industries why industries were not coming to or were not coming here or fleeing Nashik. But CITU has not been indicted for causing restlessness restlessness in Nashik,\" Deshpande said.Agitating against the arrest of its leaders for deleting the name of its general secretary D L Karad and RS Pande, in connection with the assault on the officials of Everest Industries Limited, CITU said that its employees would not be going on strike their job across all companies. \"At present there are no issues with any of the companies, where CITU has a footing, and the clauses of agreement between the companies and the employees' union are being respected by both parties. Hence the employees need to go on strike in those companies.We condemn the act by the police and administration, but will also ensure that the agitation does not hamper industrial production,\" said Tanaji Jaibhave, secretary of the NMC employees' union. Jaibhave appealed to employees to stick to work on weekdays.Jaibhave further said that CITU did not represent employees in most companies of industrialists who had been vocal in demanding CITU's de-recognition. \"Wherever CITU has a footing, there has been no untoward incident during the strike, in companies where CITU has a footing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228372", "title": "OU-TSJAC to revive stir", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move to revive the student Telangana agitation, OU-TSJAC ( Telangana Student Joint Action Committee) has called for a 'chalo Hyderabad' march on September 27.The students will also sit on a one-day hunger strike on September 11 demanding the state to write-off criminal cases booked against them. Students from across Telangana region are expected to participate in the march. The student outfit on Sunday said that they will work independent of political JAC. \"We are wary of political affiliations of the JAC and hence would like to stay away from that fold.The student agitations have succeeded,\" said M Krishank, OU-TSJAC spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16228740", "title": "Seven dead in wall collapse at Kaudanyapur", "text": "AMRAVATI: Seven persons died when the dilapidated wall of a temple collapsed at Kaudanyapur temple at Tiwsa in Amravati district on Sunday night. Some people sustained injuries. People attending the yatra there had taken shelter near the temple when it started raining heavily. Police said they are yet to identify the dead. The bodies have been sent to district general hospital at Amravati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227547", "title": "Cop in trouble for forging signatures", "text": "BANGALORE: An inspector is in trouble for allegedly forging signatures of his predecessors, including a superior, to absolve a person accused of selling banned solvents.T Kodananda Ram, currently an inspector at Byatarayanapura police station, has been indicted for submitting a B report in a case, registered nine years earlier, by forging his predecessors' signatures. (B report is the final report filed before a court, stating the criminal case against an accused is not proved).\"The inspector filed the B report for some consideration and to help the accused get his passport. A person involved in a criminal case is not eligible to get this travel document,\" a senior officer said.In June 7, 2001,Kengeri Gate ACP M Sridharamurthy raided AK Automobiles on Padarayanapura Main Road and seized 6 \u00bd barrels of white petrol. A case was booked against A Ayub Khan of JJ Nagar and his father, Afzal Khan, in JJ Nagar police station. The ACP and the inspector were transferred. The Forensic Science Laboratory confirmed the substance was not motor spirit but a \"wide range of aromatic hydrocarbon solvents\". The finding was enough to chargesheet the accused.\"Inspector Kodanda Ram thought it fit to help one of the accused who approached him for verification of his passport application. Kodanda Ram was then JJ Nagar police inspector.He filed a B report before the jurisdictional court forging the signatures of his predecessors, KP Gopal and Hanumanthappa (now ACP of Yeshwantpur),'' the officer explained.The cop's attempts to force sub-inspector C Rangaswamy to write the B report were in vain. Rangaswamy lodged a complaint with the joint commissioner of police (crime-west) Pranav Mohanty, who referred it to ACP JC Nagar HM Omkaraiah for inquiry.The inquiry indicted Kodanda Ram. \"I can't say anything now. Commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji will take action,\" said Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232219", "title": "Britney Spears\u2019 ex-manager wants her to testify", "text": "Britney Spears' former manager Sam Lutfi , who sued the pop star in 2009 claiming breach of contract and defamation, is now trying to force her to testify at the upcoming hearing on the basis of her turn on the TV talent show ' X Factor USA .'According to TMZ.com Lutfi, who filed suit against the 30-year-old singer and her parents, James and Lynne Spears, is preparing to go to trail this autumn.And since the ' Toxic ' hit maker is raking in 15 million dollars to star alongside Simon Cowell on the Fox show, the talent manager claims she is competent enough to testify in court, the Daily Mail reported.Lutfi had filed papers at Los Angeles County Superior Court on Thursday, asking a judge to request Spears' conservators to make her available as a witness, the website reports.He reportedly wants to want to see Spears grilled about alleged defamatory statements that her parents made about him, including claims that he drugged her and cut her phone wires to keep her away from her family.And also want Spears questioned about an alleged management contract guaranteeing him a slice of her fortune.According to the filing, Spears' conservators argued that she is not mentally competent enough to testify as a witness.Lutfi is said to have included a DVD of Spears on the show in order to prove that's not the case, arguing the footage shows Spears is both articulate and competent, and should thus be capable to give her testimony.A hearing is scheduled for September 25, and a judge has yet to rule on Lutfi's request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228304", "title": "Anna arch defies drills, frustrates removal bid", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of people gawked as highways department men went to work with high-power drills at the base of Anna Arch. A crane stood by to lift and cart away the structure, off Poonamallee High Road late Saturday night.The staccato of the drills drowned all other sounds on Anna Arch Road, which was temporarily closed to remove the arch. The department is razing the arch to make way for a subway and two flyovers that are expected ease traffic congestion. The crowd swelled on Sunday morning but as the day wore on it became clear that the workers were making little impression on the structure.Chips of concrete broke off but, workers could not cut through the reinforced concrete and its iron skeleton.\"We expected to remove one arch by Sunday morning but we could not. So we took permission from the traffic police to continue work through Sunday as well,\" said a highways department engineer.Officials say that this is first time that they are undertaking a demolition of this kind. \"The structure weighs close to 60 tonnes, so we have to be very careful. If all goes well, both the arches will be removed by Monday morning,\" the official said. A crane will lift the arches and place them in an empty plot nearby. The arch will then be cut into pieces and taken away.Residents were emotional about the structure being removed. \"I have been at the spot since morning to see how they bring down the structure,\" said R Saravanan of Shanti Colony. \"I will miss the arch. It gave Anna Nagar its identity.\"Prem Kumar, who lives opposite the arch, said it was built at the same time that his son was born. \"I associate the arch with my son. It's sad to see it being removed,\" he said.The twin arches were built in 1985 in honour of C N Annadurai, former chief minister of Tamil Nadu. The idea of the arch was conceived by the late D Gnanaolivu, the first chairman of Tamil Nadu Housing Board who was in office when Anna Nagar was developed. \"We are losing a lot of our heritage and landmark structures to metro rail and other infrastructure projects,\" said G Dattatri, former CMDA planner.Dattari as well as traffic police officers have expressed doubt that it would solve the problem with traffic.Commuters, however, have welcomed the project because of the traffic jams in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231648", "title": "Dev and Koel at a Kolkata threatre", "text": "It was the closed door premiere of Paglu 2 that saw lead pair Dev and Koel come down to a city theatre on Thursday.We also spotted Tota, who plays a negative character in the film, along with wife Sharmili at the do. While Dev plays a village boy who comes to the city, Koel is a college girl. We heard that Tota, the baddie, has done a good job with his stuttering. Also present were Subhashree, Rajatava aka Ronyda and Ushashie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16229739", "title": "CJ fumes at state govt apathy, slams police", "text": "JAIPUR: Judges rarely complain. But if and when they do, alarm bells start ringing. Chief Justice of the Rajasthan high court Arun Kumar Mishra did not hold back on Sunday, castigating the state administration for poor governance and revealing his anguish at the sorry state of the affairs.Addressing a seminar on \"effective implementation of legal services programmes\" in Jaipur on Sunday, he cited several incidents to explain his disappointment with the state machinery . In front of chief secretary C K Mathew and Rajasthan DGP H S Meena, Justice Mishra questioned the state government's efforts in providing civic amenities to the people, failure in curbing social evils like child marriages and lethargic attitude in disposing cases, which compound pendency.\"I was shocked to read that a couple died in a car because of flowing water in heavy rain,\" he said. Justice Mishra was referring to Ram Mohan Natani and his wife Puja, who were swept away in the rain in Ghat Ki Guni area in Jaipur in the night of August 21. TOI had reported the demise of the couple. \"Is this the civic system we have developed and are answerable for?\" he asked. \"This is all happening because of our own lethargic attitude,\" he added . Justice Mishra also raised the drainage system in Pink City. The state government is facing severe criticism for allowing encroachments on the nullahs and then bowing under pressure of powerful people by not taking action against them.He then stunned the audience by posing adirectquestiontoDGPMeenaonwhether it was possible for even a single child marriage to take place in the state without the knowledge of police. \"I don't want you to answer this, but I know that answer is no,\" Justice Mishra said. He also pointed that the high courts should not be burdened with cases that can be disposed by the executive. 'Provide efficient lawyers to the poor'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233565", "title": "Medicos have their pulse on the beat", "text": "The dance night, 'Bailamos', at the annual sports , literary and cultural festival of Christian Medical College ' 'Systole '12' ' left the medicos in high spirits, on Saturday. The audience cheered and moved along with each performance.Students compete during the dance night at Systole in eastern and western categories. Under each category, there are solo, duet and group events to vie for, said CMC student council vice-president Amrtiha Susan Kurien.The campus rocked with one after another energetic performances by medical students from the six batches at CMC. The participants were judged by Dr Inderpreet Sohi and Dr Aradhana Singh.The 2011 batch has been leading the points chart so far at 'Systole '12' followed by the 2009 batch. The final results of the fest will be announced next week. Elizabeth Wilson, 22, who performed solo, said, 'I felt great as the crowd clapped and cheered for me. 'Systole' gives us the right platform to showcase and nurture our talents.'Meenu George, 21, said, 'With each performance, the excitement rose to another level during dance night. What I enjoyed the most was that the audience were dancing too.' After the declaration of dance results, the medicos continued swaying to the beats as the DJ night 'Frenzy' took over.ResultsEastern solo 1: Elizabeth Wilson (2008 batch); 2: Jincy Paul (2010 batch); 3: Amritha Kurian (2009 batch) Eastern duet 1: Anurag &amp; Kirandeep (2011 batch); 2: Ashish &amp; Anamika (2007 batch); 3: Aneena &amp; Amritha (2009 batch) Eastern group 1: Aneena &amp; Group (2009 batch); 2: Geetika &amp; Group (2007 batch) and Jincy &amp; Group (2010 batch); 3: Anurag &amp; Group (2011 batch) Western solo 1: Sidhant Shouray (2010 batch); 2: Arun B John (2012 batch); 3: Sarah George (2010 batch) Western duet 1: Siddhant &amp; Anish (2010 batch); 2: Anu Singh &amp; Amulya (2011 batch); 3: Jerisha &amp; Supriya (2012 batch) Western group 1: Susan &amp; Group (2010 batch); 2: Neha &amp; Group (2011 batch); 3: Karan &amp; Group (2011 batch)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228383", "title": "Sewage-flooded roads make life hell on Poompuhar Street", "text": "CHENNAI: Poompuhar Street in Vettuvankeni, a seafront locality near Neelankarai, appears to be deserted. Soon you understand why: as a strong stench spreads, you notice the road is submerged in sewage.A few minutes later you notice a man cycling down the road, his feet covered in plastic bags. A house is being constructed; the workers are careful not to step on the road for any reason. \"We make any vehicles that bring in materials stop close to the gate, to avoid stepping on the road,\" says Lucas Arumugham, a worker.Residents are always prepared for 'certain days' when sewage floods the road. \"If we notice the flow from the drains increasing early in the morning, we get ready for it,\" says R Jayaram, president of the Sree Narayanan Nagar (South) Welfare Association. They say the problem began a few years ago, when the owner of a vacant plot filled it up with sand. \"Earlier the sewer was being diverted into the plot. When the plot's level was raised, the water needed another outlet,\" he says. \"On days like this, the plot is full, so the water stays on the road and flows onto low-lying areas,\" adds Jayaraman.The panchayat, which was later merged with the corporation, constructed a narrow open drain less than a foot deep on one side across Poompuhar Street, but did not connect it to a larger drain. When it rains, it gets messy. \"During rainy season, rain water contaminated with sewage stagnates all over,\" says K Shekhar, secretary of the residents association.The unhygienic conditions pollute groundwater in the area. Residents say six people including children contracted malaria last year. \"We think the numbers are higher, there are six known cases,\" says Sadiq Puduvachery, another resident. The residents say they have made repeated complaints to the erstwhile panchayat and the local councillor, but have not seen any action. \"After we met the mayor recently, health officers drained the sewage and cleaned the road. But soon it was back to stinky days,\" says Sadiq.A permanent solution would be for the Metrowater and the sewerage board to build a proper drainage. \"When we approached them, they came and inspected the land. Then they said they were short of funds and manpower to take up the work,\" says Jayaram. When contacted, Metrowater officials promised to visit the area again and take action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227310", "title": "PWD work damages cables, discom calls for a meeting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accusing Public Works Department (PWD) of damaging electric circuits while constructing drains in east Delhi early this year, discom BSES Yamuna (BYPL) has approached the Delhi power secretary to resolve the matter. In a recent letter, the discom had alleged that PWD damaged their two cables while constructing drains in Wazirabad in northeast Delhi, thereby disrupting power supply in some areas.The cables got damaged when PWD laid down RCC pipelines for the construction of the nullah. The cables are beyond repair and need immediate shifting, failing which major breakdown can take place in areas like Yamuna Vihar, Bhajanpura, Gokul Pur, Khajoori Chowk. It may also turn into a law and order problem, states the BYPL letter sent to PWD, requesting the power secretary to convene a meeting between them.The discom claims that the affected areas are now being supplied electricity through a backup line . \"If this alternate source also suffers a snag, the electricity supply in the area can collapse and will not just affect the residents, but also the functioning of Sonia Vihar and Bhagirathi water treatment plants,\" said a senior BYPL officer.When TOI contacted the power department and the PWD, the officials concerned said that they would look into the complaint and take action if required.According to the complaint of BYPL, PWD had undertaken a drain widening activity on Wazirabad Road, number 59 in November last year. This activity involved large scale digging and damaged over 15 underground cables of BYPL, resulting in a loss of Rs 9.7 crore. These cables, 66 KV, 33 KV and 11 KV, were primary cables and supplied electricity to the area.\"Since the cables were severely damaged, they will have to be replaced at a considerable cost. PWD had assured us that they would compensate for the replacement. Nine months have elapsed and we are still waiting,\" said a senior BYPL officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228877", "title": "Maharashtra does well in providing power to BPL houses", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra has done quite well in providing electricity to below poverty line (BPL) households under Rajiv Gandhi Gramin Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY). The scheme is funded by union power ministry to provide power supply to every household in the country.Maharashtra had been given a target of connecting 12.01 lakh households till June 2012. It has connected 11.70 lakh houses so far, thus achieving 97.42% of the target. Some states like Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh , Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh , Uttarakhand and, surprisingly, Uttar Pradesh, have exceeded the target. The country's cumulative average is 86.59%.Gujarat has the best performance with 111% target achievement. It has provided electric supply to 80,492 houses more than the target. Andhra Pradesh comes next with 108.78% target achievement. In terms of number of beneficiaries, it has the highest figure with 2.18 lakh households above the target.The state's performance under RGGVY was excellent in 2009-10 and 2010-11 but the pace reduced in 2011-12. In 2009-10, the state electrified 4.29 lakh BPL households against a target of 3.29 lakh. In next fiscal, it electrified 4.03 lakh houses against a target of 2.50 lakh. This overachievement of target compensated for poor performance in earlier years. However, in 2011-12 the performance slid drastically and the state could electrify only around 75% of the target of 1.50 lakh. This year, till June end, it had provided connections to 9,476 BPL households against the year's target of 43,692.Andhra Pradesh was not given a target this year but the state government still provided 633 connections till June end.Manipur, which is facing large scale insurgency, is the worst performer with 26.84% target achievement. Most north-eastern states and Jammu &amp; Kashmir have fared badly due to the same problem. However, Punjab, which faces no such problems, has done worse than some north-eastern states. It has so far achieved only 37% of the target of 1.49 lakh. Next is Madhya Pradesh with 63%. Many developed states like Karnataka too have a poor record.RGGVY was launched by the central government to provide electric connections to villages and BPL households. It is completely funded by the centre and executed by power distribution companies of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233731", "title": "Mohnish Behl makes a comeback with Savdhaan India", "text": "Fans of Mohnish Behl aka Dr. Ashutosh of Kuch Toh Log Kahenge has a reason to rejoice.The actor who made to headlines after he decided to quit 'Kuch Toh Log Kahenge' will soon return to the small screen as host with Life OK's 'Savdhaan India- India Fights Back' .Sources inform that the show is currently hosted by Sushant Singh of ' Gulaal' fame and Gaurav Chopra of 'Uttaran' . However, Gaurav who is currently working on a film and Color's daily ' Uttaran' has decided to quit Savdhaan India due to date issues. Mohnish Behl will be seen hosting the show along with Sushant Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231592", "title": "Body of missing woman found", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Body of a 26-year-old woman, who was missing for the past 12 days, was found inside a drain in Om Prakash Nagar locality on Saturday. Identified as Neeta, she was a resident of Awas Vikas colony and married to one Rajendra.Her family members had lodged a complaint around 12 days ago about her disappearance. According to Dhoomanganj inspector Neeta and Rajendra got married some seven years ago and the coupld had one child.A team of Dhoomanganj police rushed to the site from where Neeta's body was recovered. The body was later sent for post mortem. Police said that the post mortem report would reveal the exact cause of her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16232348", "title": "Indian hotel and restaurant industry to discuss employment growth at its national meet in Goa", "text": "MUMBAI: A national convention of federation of hotels and restaurants associations of India (FHRAI) will be held in Goa between September 6 and 8.The FHRAI is the apex body of the Indian Hospitality industry and represents over 3900 members, including hotels, restaurants and associates, spanning the length and breadth of our vast country. Founded in 1955, by the legendary late Rai Bahadur MS Oberoi , the association has diligently built on its rich legacy and is today privileged to serve as the leading voice of our industry and plays a seminal role in the vibrant growth of India's hospitality and tourism sector.For the first time the biggest Association of the world with 2,00,000 hotels and 60,00,000 restaurants as its members, the International Hotel &amp; Restaurant Association, IH&RA; will fly to Goa with 17 of its global Association Presidents as can be seen from the list below. The International hotels and restaurants association (IH&RA;) President Dr. Ghassan AIDI is the keynote speaker for this convention on Employment Generation. IH&RA; had visited India way back in 1984, when Dr. Ajit Kerkar was the FHRAI President.The Hon'ble Union Minister of Tourism, Shri Subodh Kant Sahai, has kindly consented to inaugurate the event. To celebrate the inauguration and to mark the august presence of the Hon'ble Tourism Minister and our esteemed guests, an ' Incredible India' Evening will be hosted on 6 th September, featuring a glittering cultural performance followed by dinner.The theme chosen for this year's convention is \" Employment Generation: Engine of Inclusive Growth \". Our endeavour will be to facilitate a vivid multi-stakeholder dialogue on how our country can effectively leverage tourism's intrinsic potential as a catalyst and growth multiplier for promoting equitable and sustainable economic development. We are pleased to share that this year's event, will also witness a high-level representation from premier global organizations, including the International Hotel &amp; Restaurant Association (IH&RA;), American Hotel &amp; Lodging Association (AH&LA;), World Travel &amp; Tourism Council (WTTC), Hospitality Financial &amp; Technology Professionals (HFTP) and Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232533", "title": "BMC yet to get cracking on mobile tower radiation", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has not been able to implement the new norms of radiation from mobile towers in the city from September 1 as the TRAI not yet responded to the corporation's request for conducting a survey. The corporation had written to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India last week to conduct survey to check if the radiation from mobile towers in the city was exceeding the prescribed limit.The new regulatory guidelines issued by the Centre specify that radiation from the mobile towers will be reduced to 1/10 of the present radiation. This means radiation from the mobile towers needs to be reduced to 0.92 w/ sq. m (watt per square metre) from the existing 92 w/sq. m.The corporation had requested help from the TRAI as the BMC did not have specialized staff to carry out the survey, the commissioner said. \"We are still waiting for some response from the TRAI. We are hoping that the new regulations will be implemented in the city at the earliest,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.\"We had written to the TRAI office here to conduct a survey on the radiation of mobile towers and to ask the mobile network companies to reduce the radiation as per specified in the norms on Tuesday,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, adding, \"We have also asked the companies to check the radiation. The corporation has also issued orders that permits for new mobile towers will be given as per the new regulations only.\"The decision was made to reduce harmful effects caused by the electromagnetic field radiation from the mobile towers and mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16230770", "title": "Salman Khan chooses Kanpur over Ireland", "text": "For his brother Arbaaz's debut directorial film Dabangg 2, the actor has decided to shoot in India first before taking off to any foreign locationLast time, he had requested the producers (read demanded) to create Morocco in Mumbai. This time, perhaps because it is his brother Arbaaz Khan's debut directorial, Salman Khan has decided to be a bit more lenient with his terms and conditions.Refusing to go along with plans of shooting a romantic song in Ireland (a place made famous by the actor in Ek Tha Tiger ) due to damp weather, the actor has now asked makers of Dabangg 2 to shoot portions in Kanpur and Lucknow first. For the climax, Salman has chosen Satara, Maharashtra. After all, in his own words from a much popular song in Judwaa - East or West , India is the best.TOI has learnt Salman would travel to Lucknow and Kanpur in the second week of September. In fact, Arbaaz and his team have just returned from UP. \"They have applied for the permissions required to shoot in both cities. Salman is very clear that he doesn't want to cause any inconvenience in the area,\" said a source close to the unit.Among the many places Arbaaz visited, Ghanta ghar, Birhana Road, Saint Mary's Convent, Ganga barrage, the Central railway station and Phool Bagh were a few.Earlier, Salman was supposed to leave for Ireland to shoot a song. That however, has been pushed to October. According to sources, the Ireland schedule will now happen after the talkie portions are shot in September.Interestingly, Salman had earlier recreated Kanpur city in Kamalistan studios. He had even shot for 15 days there. And now, he will be shooting on real location. After returning to Mumbai, he will shoot the climax in Satara.Post Salman's visit to Ireland, there was a healthy spike in the tourism there. Perhaps by the time he finishes shooting for Dabangg 2, Satara would end up being the next hotspot for Mumbaikars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16232144", "title": "The Goa State Biodiversity Board constituted", "text": "PANAJI: The Government of Goa has constituted the Goa State Biodiversity Board (GSBB) to advise government, on matters relating to the conservation of biodiversity and sustainable use of it components and equitable sharing of the benefits arising out of the utilization of biological resources.The board is constituted under section 22 of the Biological Diversity Act, 2002 (Central Act No. 18 of 2003). The board is headed by minister for environment Alina Saldanha and member secretary Nitin Sawant.Other members of the board are additional principal chief conservator of forests, chief engineer water resources department, director directorate of agriculture, director department of science, technology and environment, member secretary Goa state pollution control board, Joe D' Souza, Celso Dias, headmaster of our lady of Socorro High School, Nagoa, Verna, Mahesh Kandokar and Bhiva Malik.The board will regulate grant of approvals or otherwise, requests for commercial utilization or bio-survey and bio utilization of any biological resource by Indians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16234125", "title": "SA's dominance in ICC's Test Team tribute to our performance: Jacques Faul", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Congratulating its players on being named in the ICC's Test Team of the Year, Cricket South Africa (CSA) on Monday said the domination of Proteas players in the list is a tribute to the sterling cricket that the African nation has produced over the past year.Batsman Hashim Amla and all-rounder Jacques Kallis were joined by pace bowling duo of Vernon Philander and Dale Steyn in the squad which has a fifth South African - AB de Villiers - as the 12th man.Michael Clarke has been appointed captain of the Test Team. The 31-year-old is the only Australian to make the team of the year.\"This is a tribute to the sterling cricket our own Castle Lager Test XI has produced over the past year. I believe that several other South African players must have come close to being selected as well,\" said CSA acting CEO Jacques Faul.\"This is the fifth year in a row that Dale has been selected which speaks volumes for both the excellence and the longevity of his international career. We all know the physical stress that fast bowlers subject their bodies to and it says a lot for the way that Dale has managed himself both on and off the field that he has missed so few Test matches during this period,\" he said.Faul had special words of praise for Philander and Amla, who have been nominated for the ICC's most prestigious award, the Sir Garfield Sobers trophy, for the ICC Cricketer of the Year and for the Test Cricketer of the Year.\"The cherry on the top is for Philander and Amla to be nominated for the Sir Garfield Sobers trophy and for the Test Cricketer of the Year as well, as has Richard Levi for the T20 performance of the year award and Kallis and De Villiers for the Spirit of Cricket award.\"The fact that Philander and Levi are both in their first year of international cricket is a highly encouraging sign for the future and also evidence that our development pipeline structures are working very well,\" Faul added.The ICC will hold its annual award ceremony in Sri Lanka next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16234519", "title": "Twitter blocks sites, apps 'that don't make money'", "text": "SYDNEY: Twitter is planning to block access for third party developers which run on the microblogging platform but do not make any money for it.This means that parody sites and apps that run on the social networking site will soon disappear.Now, Twitter will only issue a 'sign in' button to websites and apps that are paying to use its data.According to News.com.au, unauthorised and unauthenticated posts won't any longer be allowed on the site.The developer of parody site, Klouchebag, Tom Scott told News Ltd that commercialising how people connect to Twitter may make good business sense, but blocking of the developers and apps that helped to boost its popularity was a betrayal.\"Coming from a company that used to thrive on openness, and whose initial push to success was by the techies who built interesting, small projects, it just seems rude\", the report quoted Scott, as saying.Klouchebag is a popular website that parodies 'Klout', a site that claims to be able to measure your online influence.Dan Nolan, a Sydney app developer who co-designed a Twitter app called Retweets, which let you measure how many times your tweets had been retweeted around the world, said Twitter had cut out anyone that created original work that could not be monetised in favour of selling user data to the highest bidder.\"It's all about data mining the firehose Twitter has provided to partners for profit. Twitter has decided to control the way people connect to it and in doing so, is creating a path to shut down apps they don't like,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231561", "title": "Fresh face hunt at Techno India Group", "text": "The excitement at the packed auditorium was palpable as the team of the Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 reached Techno India Group. The girls were more excited as two of them will get a chance to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear. The boys impressed with their guitars and the girls with oh-so-cute smiles set the stage on fire with their latkas and jhatkas.SIZE ZERO: The freshers were pepped up by last year's winner from the college, who recounted his experiences and provided a moral boost to the participants. Their enthusiasm knew no bounds as they burnt the stage with their attitude in the introductory round. While Shobhit Shankar won the crowd over by strumming his guitar, Arpit Dasgupta made the audience, along with emcee Sidhu, sing with him to the tunes of Holud pakhi. And there was talent galore. If some participants took the crowd on a melodious trip with renditions of Jagoroney jaye bibhabori, and Hume aur jeene ki chahat na hoti, Riya Dutta \u2014 who was given the title of \"Size zero figure of Techno India\" by Sidhu \u2014 pepped up the mood instantly by gyrating to Ooh la la. Binsati Roy Bardhan's Kat act to Chikni chameli, drew loud catcalls from the audience. In between the rounds, the students across streams and classes, put nightclubs to shame when they danced like there was no tomorrow, on tracks churned out by DJ Rimmy.ANCHORING IT: Among the boys, Avinash Kumar impressed judge Manali Dey with his anchoring skills and was declared the winner. Shobhit Shankar was adjudged the first runnerup, while Amanpreet Singh clinched the second runner-up's title. Among the girls, Binsati was adjudged the winner amidst shouts and claps, while Soumi Das, who showed some hot moves to a medley of Bolly hits, was declared the first runner-up. Moumita Mukherjee's confident thumkas won her the second runnerup's title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227270", "title": "Kin of private firm executive awarded Rs 25 lakh compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family members of a private firm executive, mowed down by a truck in 2008, have been awarded a compensation of over Rs 25 lakh by a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal in New Delhi.The MACT asked Reliance General Insurance, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay Rs 25,69,000 to the kin of Shish Pal Singh (39).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16227058", "title": "Varsity plans paper on Holocaust literature", "text": "MUMBAI: University of Mumbai is planning to introduce a paper on Holocaust literature in the humanities stream. The university will be signing a memorandum of understanding with institutes in Israel for several educational programmes. Even as a batch of 20 students from the university's Garware Institute of Career and Development have just returned from their internship programme last week, another batch is all set to visit the country in this academic session. \"A five-member delegation will be visiting Israel, including vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar, in October,\" said Rambhau Badode, in-charge director of Garware Institute.He added, \"There are topics covered in Jewish literature in the existing curriculum. However, the university is planning to incorporate a full-fledged paper on Holocaust literature. The topics can be included in history or sociology too.\" Tie-ups with Israeli education institutes in various sectors, including micro-irrigation studies and internet security courses are on the cards. Joint studies and research will also be conducted simultaneously in universities in Mumbai and Israel.Twenty students from the institute's postgraduate diploma in agri-business management have returned from the Middle East after completing their internship. The students have earned Rs 3 lakh each for their internship project. \"The technical skills acquired will be now shared with others and also will be used by these students in their career,\" said Badode. The students worked in harvest operations, food processing units, and agriculture-related industries for five days a week .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16228308", "title": "Cops to seek custody of Paravoor rape accused", "text": "KOCHI: The police will seek custody of the three arrested in connection with the Paravoor rape and blackmailing case on suspicion that the gang has abused more women. Two suspects are still at large.An investigating officer said the five-member gang might have trapped more women, since the arrested youth had earlier been involved in instances of blackmailing. However, no other complaints have been received so far.\"We have seized the computers and mobile phones used by the accused and have sought the help of the police cyber cell to retrieve the data from the hard disk. We can confirm whether there are more victims only after examining the hard disk,\" said Abdul Salam, circle inspector of police in Paravoor.Sibin (25) of Paravoor, Sherin (33) of Munambam and Rajesh alias Kuttan Mani (33) of Pattanam were arrested on Thursday, and have been in judicial remand. Police said they would move a remand application in the Kothamangalam chief judicial magistrate court on Monday, seeking their custody.Once granted custody of the trio, police would initiate steps to retrieve 15 sovereigns of gold and Rs 25,000 the accused had extorted from the 22-year-old victim, a nurse. It has been suspected that the accused might have mortgaged the gold.Police said Sibin and the woman were in a relationship for about two years. He allegedly had physical relationship with her on promise of marriage, and recorded the act using a mobile phone camera. Later, the accused, along with his friends, blackmailed her into parting with gold ornaments and money. Sibin's aides, too, had molested her, police said.The woman, police said, was unaware that Sibin was already married.Even after she had paid ransom, the gang allegedly demanded more money, threatening to upload the video clips on the internet. When the demands became frequent, she informed her father, who approached the police.A police hunt is on for two more suspects, Rojo and Sajith, both residents of Andipalli. Investigators said the woman was sexually abused at Rojo's house by Sibin, the prime accused. A lookout notice has been issued to nab Rojo.Following Thursday's arrest, police found video clips in Sibin's mobile phone. Investigators said Rojo is associated with TV serials and cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16232117", "title": "Man kills elder brother over property dispute", "text": "VARANASI: Devraj (40) was hacked to death by his brother in a land dispute in Koga village, in Babhani police area, in Sonebhadra district on Saturday night.In a land dispute Devraj and his younger brother Vanshraj came face to face. Vanshraj attacked Devraj and hacked him. He died on the spot. Vanshraj fled from the scene. Police launched a manhunt to nab him after sending the body for post-mortem examination.Body found: Body of an unidentified old man was found lying on a berth of a bogie of Lucknow-Shaktinagar Triveni Express on Sunday. When the train left Allahabad railway station for Shaktinagar, some passengers noticed that the man was lying in unconscious state. No GRP personnel came to take note of it. When the train reached Chopan railway station in Sonebhadra, the GRP cops took out the body and sent for post mortem. It is suspected that he was targeted by drug and rob gang.Girls fall into well, die: Kallo (11) and Kajal (13), daughters of Ravindra Kole of Lalganj Semari village, under Manihan police area, in Mirzapur district died after falling in a well near their residence on Sunday.The two sisters and some other girls of the village had gone to the well to draw water. Kallo and Kajal fell into the well. Other girls raised an alarm. But before the villagers could rescue, the duo died.Four die in accidents: Four persons, including a woman, died in road accidents in different districts of the region on Sunday.Sunita (25), wife of Devendra Yadav of Khemaipur Ramnagar village, under Mungra Badshahpur police area in Jaunpur district was crushed to death by a truck near her residence on Sunday morning. She was crossing the road, carrying her one-year-old son when she lost balance and fell. In the meantime a speeding truck ran over the woman. Sunita died on the spot but her baby escaped unhurt. Police caught the driver.A cleaner of a truck Rajkumar (25) died when the driver of the truck lost control over the steering and it overturned near Kunwarpur village, under Pawara police area in Jaunpur district. Rajkumar died on the spot. Police took the truck driver under custody.In Mirzapur district, an unidentified man, aged around 30, died after coming under the wheels of a speeding truck near Budhwa Chawki, under Dehat Kotwali police area. He died on the spot.In another accident near Chacheri, under Chunar police area in Mirzapur district, a Kallu (35) was crushed to death by a speeding truck. Police caught the killer truck driver.Cops nab 5 miscreants: While Cantonment police succeeded in nabbing five miscreants from Pahadia area the Lanka cops nabbed two motorcycle lifters with five stolen motorcycles on Sunday.According to police, on receiving complaints regarding a gang engaged in duping women in the name of cleaning their ornaments the senior official constituted a team under inspector Cantt Aniruddh Singh. On getting a tip off the police team raided Pahadia area where five member of gang were nabbed.The arrested miscreants were identified as Birju Soni, Dilip Maurya and Rahul Gupta of Bihar, Bablu and Jitendra Kumar of Shivpur. Police also recovered ornaments, cash and intoxicants from their possession.Meanwhile, the Lanka police also succeeded in nabbing two members of motorcycle lifting gang from Naria area.They were identified as Pankaj Rai of Chunar and Sunil alias Sonu of Kachhwa area in Mirzapur district. On their tip off the cops recovered five motorcycle. During police investigation it came to light that after lifting new motorcycle this gang used to sell it to scrap vendors against the payment of Rs 3000 for each motorcycle. Police were trying to nab other members of the gang and also the scrap vendors associated with this gang who purchase the stolen motorcycles.Demonstration: Scores of Maheshpur-Bhitari road natives staged a massive demonstration near Manduadih police station in protest against their harassment by some local musclemen on Sunday. The demonstrators alleged that such musclemen were blocking and damaging the link roads in their area. They demanded immediate arrest of those musclemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16229144", "title": "\u2018They treated us like hardcore criminals\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Most of the 300-odd customers who were arrested at Maya lounge bar in the early hours of Sunday said they could not fathom the reason behind the police action.\"Was it necessary to arrest us? The police could have warned us and let us go. Instead, they made us sit in the lounge till afternoon without food or water,\" an IT professional said.\"We came here to enjoy and socialise. But the police treated us like hardcore criminals,\" a college student said. His friend echoed similar sentiments: \"The police should take action against anti-social elements, not us. We were here only to dance and enjoy.\"A female IT professional said the police should have taken action against the organizers if they did not have the necessary permissions. \"Why did they harass us?\" she asked.An engineering student at the lounge said the place has been running since the last two years. \"The place is packed every Saturday. What were the police doing till now?\" he asked.Another student, who had gone to the lounge with his friends, alleged that the police had beaten up some of the customers during the raid. However, the police refuted this charge. \"We did not beat anyone. In fact, some customers misbehaved with the police. We could easily have booked them under section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging duty) of the Indian Penal Code,\" a senior police officer said.Rahul Dindokar, lawyer for the lounge's management, told TOI that the police action was wrong. \"They should have allowed the customers to leave after reprimanding them,\" he said.An event manager, who was also at the lounge, alleged that the raid was pre-planned . \"There were four DJs playing music till midnight. All of a sudden, they stopped the music and told the customers that it would resume within 10 minutes. A little later, the police raided the place. All four DJs managed to escape before the police came there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16227952", "title": "Probe into exploitation of girl by NGO", "text": "MOTIHARI: A two-member team of Bihar Commission for Protection of Child Rights (BCPCR) on Saturday made an on-the-spot inquiry into the alleged sexual exploitation of a Nepali trafficked girl at an NGO, Dalit Mahila Jankalyan Sansthan (DMJS), Raxaul, East Champaran, which had rescued her.On Sunday, the probe team members detained Suman Paswan, secretary of the DMJS and checked the NGO's documents in the presence of Raxaul DSP. East Champaran S P Ganesh Kumar confirmed the detention of Paswan and said he was being quizzed by the police.Since the victim, Sarika Sah (name changed) could not appear before probe team at Raxaul due to police fear, the BCPCR members met her in Birganj (Nepal) and recorded her statement in the presence of Nepali police.BCPCR members Shobha Prasad Kushwaha and Lalita Singh reviewed the Raxaul GRP, case records relating to Sarika Sah's rescue and arrest of two Nepali touts.They also discussed the matter with chief consulate of Maha Vanijya Dootawas of Indian Embassy in Nepal, Ashutosh Agrawal, Raxaul SDO Jitendra Sah and DSP Jitendra Pandey. Several social activists including Anil Kumar Sinha also met them.It may be recalled that a minor Nepali girl, Sarika, was rescued and two Nepali touts were arrested from a Delhi-bound train on April 29, 2012, with the help of DMJS members and later on they were produced before the court of railway judicial magistrate at Bettiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16231527", "title": "Commercial taxes department's corporate unit likely from October 1", "text": "INDORE: Commercial taxes department is planning to start a special unit for its HNI dealers across the state. It will act as a corporate unit of the finance department and will provide facilities for business matters like registration for licences, payment of taxes, assessments and filing of returns.During his visit to Indore recently, Madhya Pradesh finance minister , Raghavji said that his ministry was mulling over formation of a separate large taxpayer unit (LTU) that will be the first unit of its kind in Indore. An official of the department of deputy commissioner rank, will head the unit.\"We want to include dealers having an annual turnover of Rs 300 crore and above in the proposed unit. Once it starts functioning, the time for completion of commercial tax-related jobs will be reduced to a single day as against the eight days that are required presently. We are planning to launch the unit on October 1,\" Praveen Bhagdikar, director, commercial taxes department told TOI.Some of the sectors that are being targeted by the department for the unit include oil companies, depots and manufacturing units. While Titan, LG and Samsung have their depots in the city, companies like HLL, Ranbaxy, Piramal and Eicher are having their manufacturing facilities in the region. As there are 1,000 such HNI dealers across MP, the department had planned to open three such centres in the state at Bhopal , Jabalpur and Gwalior. However, it had to wind up its plan due to lack of staff.In its initial stage of operation, the new unit will begin with a minimal staff. Once its starts functioning, the department expects to collect half of the total taxes it collects from the region. The department is also planning to mop up Rs 17,000 crore in taxes this fiscal, as against Rs 14,000 crore it collected last fiscal. Edible oil and iron and steel sectors are likely to be excluded from purview of the unit.kumud.das@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227439", "title": "Tax collection to resume in Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bidhannagar Municipality is all set to restart the process of collecting property tax. The civic body had started collecting taxes in March, but the process had to be stalled a couple of weeks later after some confusion over tax calculation surfaced.\"We are going to restart collecting property tax soon. Tax rates will be based on the old, 2005 rates as directed by minister Firhad Hakim,\" said Bidhannagar Municipality chairperson Krishna Chakraborty.According to the old tax structure, those who have an annual valuation of their property between Rs 1 and Rs 999 will have to pay a tax of 3.5% of the annual valuation. The tax rate will go up to 10.5% for property that has an annual valuation of over Rs 10,000 (See chart). The civic authorities are expecting to collect around Rs 9 crore in the form of property tax this fiscal.Officials said that bills of those who have already paid their taxes will be adjusted and fresh bills will be sent to those who did not pay their bills in March. According to sources in the civic body, Bidhannagar Municipality had collected a total of Rs 6.57 crore in the form of taxes in a couple of weeks in March. \"We have almost completed the process of calculating the tax rate based on pre-2005 rates and will start dispatching the bills soon,\" said a civic official.Tax collection in Salt Lake remained suspended for a few years in the past. On February this year, the civic body sent a notice to the residents that the municipality will start collecting tax for fiscal 2010-11, 2011-12 and arrears from 2007 to 2010. There was a mad rush to pay taxes after the bills were dispatched. But many residents started complaining that the tax bills they received were not matching pre-2005 rates. The civic authorities then sought intervention of urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim. The tax collection process was stopped after the minister admitted that there was confusion over the tax bills. There were some miscalculations in the tax bills that was prepared.Highlights of tax proposalTax to be collected based on pre- 2005 rateTax bills will be sent for fiscal years of 2010 to 2011 and arrears from 2007 to 2010Tax structure -Annual valuation Property taxRs 1-999 3.5 %*Rs 999 - 4999 5.25%Rs 5000 - 9999 7%Over Rs 10000 10.5%(*of annual valuation)Rs 6.57 crore: Tax collected in MarchRs 9 crore: Target set by the civic body this time", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16227561", "title": "US firm sued in India over pictures of Buddha on shoes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana police has registered a case against a US-based shoe manufacturing company for hurting the religious sentiments of Buddhists by promoting a range of shoes with Lord Buddha's images.The case against California-based Icon Shoes was registered in the Rewari police station on Friday on the complaint of a wildlife activist. Rewari SP Abhishek Garg said the case was registered only after taking a legal opinion.\"We have registered the case after taking legal opinion from the district attorney. The company is accused of hurting the religious sentiments of the Buddhist community the world over,\" said Garg.Besides sections 295, 295A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), Rewari police has also added section 66 of the IT Act as the company sells its products online too.Naresh Kadyan, the complainant, has sought action against the company and its promoters and has also urged the police to ban the marketing and publicity of the products with immediate effect.\"Nobody has any right to hurt the religious sentiments of a community. We have got letters of protests from residents from across 36 countries of the world wherein they have either lodged criminal complaints or have approached their governments to penalize and ban this company,\" said Kadyan.When contacted, Dr Satyapala, former head of department of Buddhist Studies, Delhi University , said it's a shameful act.\"The company should immediately withdraw its products and ad campaigns and should tender an unconditional public apology. We have already brought this to the notice of National Commission for Minorities. At the same time we have also urged the central government to take up this issue at international platforms,\" Dr Satyapala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232830", "title": "Seema's performance rocked Anjan TV launch", "text": "Recently at the launching ceremony of Bhojpuri Entertainment Channel 'Anjan TV' at a five star hotel in Mumbai, the Bhojpuri actress and item-queen Seema Singh gave a spellbounding performance. The atmosphere, already decorated as a village surrounding, turned Bhojpuria with her dance. Spectators started shouting 'once more - once more'.The launching was done in a traditional Bhojpuria way and the guests were welcomed with 'teeka' and 'thandai'. Those present on the occasion included stalwarts of the film industry such as Udit Narayan, Vinay Anand, Pankaj Kesri, Khesari Lal Yadav, Kanu Mukherjee, Sanjay Korave, Jai Singh, Anjana Singh, Shraddha Sharma, Neetu Singh, Gunjan Pant, Anara Gupta, Sangeeta Tiwari, Smriti Sinha, Shubhi Sharma and others. Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228713", "title": "Monsoon recovery on,Sept off to a wet start", "text": "LUCKNOW: A strong cyclonic circulation hovering over east-central Uttar Pradesh brought a spell of heavy showers and respite from high humidity levels prevailing for the past couple of days. The showers, however, resulted in heavy waterlogging and threw power situation completely out of order in many places. According to the Met department, Lucknow recorded 14 mm rain.The state Met department predicted that a similar weather condition would prevail for the next couple of days. Met director JP Gupta said that the rain was caused by a weather system that had been hovering over the state. \"The system may move northwards by the middle of next week, when the rain will cease to an extent, but would revive once again.\"Heavy showers were reported from east UP with Allahabad recording maximum rainfall - 51.6 mm. Bahraich in Terai region recorded 42.6 mm rain. Likewise, Fursatganj near Rae Bareli witnessed 10 mm of rain. Meerut in the west received 27 mm of rain.The state capital was lashed by incessant rain in the morning. Though rain persisted for three hours, its intensity was strong enough to leave large parts of the state capital inundated. Most affected were the trans-Gomti areas and parts of localities around Kanpur Road where waterlogging disrupted power supply.According to reports, waterlogging came to haunt the people living in areas like Gomtinagar, Indiranagar, Mahanagar and Janakipuram. The Sachivalay Colony in Mahanagar was left inundated forcing residents to stay indoors even after rains stopped for the next two hours. Similar was the case with Indiranagar and Gomtinagar, where waterlogging left the residents in a miserable state. Even VIP colonies like Dalibagh witnessed heavy waterlogging. Lucknow Municipal Corporation had to install water pumps to flush out the accumulated water.The deluge not only hindered smooth movement of traffic, but also turned out to be a limiting factor for authorities to restore the power supply. There were reports of cable faults, feeder breakdown and transformers tripping on Sunday morning. A 220 KVA feeder in Ashok Marg tripped early in the morning. It was not repaired till late in the evening. Likewise, an 11 KV feeder at Faridinagar, Dwarikapuri and Munshipulia tripped at around 11.45 am.A 132 KV feeder in SGPGI and a 33 KV feeder in Gosainganj also tripped in the morning, and were restored only by 2.00 p.m. Likewise, a 220 KV feeder in Hardoi Road and 33 KV Malihabad too went off at 9.30 a.m. It could not be restored at around 7.45 pm.Power authorities claimed that they could not restore the power supply in many places because of waterlogging. \"It was hard to locate the cable faults and even the damaged feeders,\" said an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16228714", "title": "Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University registrar in travel allowance scam", "text": "AMRAVATI: There seems to be no end to the controversies and scams surrounding Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University (SGAU). Now, registrar of SGAU Dineshkumar Joshi is in the eye of a storm after a right to information (RTI) query revealed that he did not travel to his hometown Hardwar for which claimed and got travelling allowance.This shocking fact came to light in response to a RTI query asked by Rajendra Prasad , a professor at chemical department of SGAU. Joshi got Rs13,360 as travelling allowance under Swagram Pravas Yojna though he did not at all go to his hometown during the period between December 24 and 28, 2010. He was very much in Amravati to attend the felicitation of Vilas Sapkal who was appointed vice-chancellor of Nagpur University.University officials get allowance for travelling to their hometown once in three years under the scheme. Joshi had gone to Hardwar 'on paper' and submitted a bill for Rs21,350 for the trip. The finance department paid him Rs13,360 through voucher number 327 on January 28, 2011. The document was certified by the then finance officer and signed by acting vice-chancellor Praveen Singh Pardeshi, the RTI reply said.Joshi said in the papers submitted to the university that he and his family members left for Nagpur at 5pm on December 24 and reached there at 8.15pm. He boarded a train at Nagpur and reached Delhi on December 25. He went to Hardwar from Delhi by bus the same day. On December 27, Joshi left Hardwar for Delhi by bus and reached Nagpur by train at 3pm on December 28. He returned to Amravati by bus at 7.30pm the same day.The documents submitted by Joshi said he was in Delhi on December 25, 2010. But, in fact, he was in Amravati and attended the felicitation function organized at the guesthouse of SGAU to honour Vilas Sapkal on his appointment as VC of Nagpur University. The news and photographs of the programme were circulated by Vilas Nandurkar, public relations officer of the university, on December 26.The question is how Joshi can claim the travel allowance under Swagram Pravas Yojna when he attended the felicitation function. Interestingly, finance officer R D Sikchi was also present at the function and knew about the presence of Joshi and still approved the travel allowance bill.Sources said the university officials were busy in the election to various bodies. When those associated with the university learnt about Joshi episode, they sought information under RTI. Details in the log book of the university clearly mentioned that the vehicle of the registrar was on duty from 8am to 9.30pm on December 25. The car travelled to the registrar's bungalow, his residence, guesthouse and zoology department of SGAU, covering a distance of 36km. The RTI reply also revealed that Arjun Gunjkar was the driver of the registrar's vehicle on that day. The then examination controller B R Waghmare used the registrar's vehicle on December 27 and 28. The car was again used by the registrar on December 29.When contacted, registrar Joshi did not comment on the issue. \"My boss (vice-chancellor) is not in city. I will comment after he returns to city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16231832", "title": "A chronic ailment sans cure", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A cold war between students and a section of teachers of the state-run Dr Abhin Chandra Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital for the last eight months has vitiated the academic atmosphere at the premier institution. Besides, continued students' unrest has made matters worse.While students said some teachers-on-deputation were vindictive towards them because they were demanding regular faculty members, college authorities said atmosphere of mistrust has gone out of proportion with unpleasant situations arising on a regular basis.Things have come to such a passe, that the students' agitation for permanent faculty members in February-March has resulted in the attempted suicide by a student, allegations of harassment against a teacher by some girl students and mass boycott of test examination by the students recently.It all began with students boycotting classes for around a week from March 12 pressing for recruitment of regular faculty members through Odisha Public Service Commission. The government, in May 2011, had assured the students to create regular posts of teachers by July 2011, but is yet to fill up the posts, students said.Of the total sanctioned strength of over 40 teaching staff, there are only a dozen-odd regular appointees. All the 11 posts of professors, 13 out of 15 posts of readers and three out of 15 posts of lecturers are vacant. The government has deputed 16 medical officers from dispensaries to teach in the college, who, according to students, are not qualified enough to teach. No regular posting was made in the last 25 years, disgruntled students said.The agitation by the students heated up when a batch of all students from the college, who appeared in a supplementary examination in March, were declared failed on July 23.\"Two teachers had threatened to stall the promotion of these students if the agitation persisted. The suspicion grew because all the students failed while students from a private college in Cuttack had 100 per cent pass percentage. It looked like a deliberate act,\" said Kaibalya Rath, a third-year student. The students staged a demonstration over the issue for a few days.Then on August 3, over 100 of the 125 students boycotted the test examination in support of their pending demands of permanent faculty. The college notified August 27 as a second date for the examination, which enraged the students further leading to another round of agitation.Though the date has been deferred to September 11, the teachers-students relations turned more unpleasant when around 50 girl students filed a police complaint and approached the State Commission for Women alleging that a teacher manhandled them while they were on agitation on August 25.On the same day, a student of the college allegedly attempted suicide by slashing his wrist after being frustrated with the government's alleged apathy to solve the college's long pending problems. \"I was threatened by unidentified men not to agitate and appear in the test examination. I was frustrated,\" said Trilokananda Das, a third year student. The incident triggered tension in the college as irate students gheraoed the college authorities.Two students then filed a PIL seeking a moratorium on admission in the college. \"Without any qualified faculty to teach, how can the college produce qualified homoeopathic practitioners? The college has no right to make false promise to aspiring homeopaths and should stop admission,\" said one of the petitioners.The college authorities admit the situation has gone beyond control. \"The problem was already complicated when I joined as principal in May. The unrest is continuing since February. Despite my best efforts, I failed to improve the situation. I have requested the government to transfer me. There is a huge trust deficit between the students and the faculty,\" said principal Dr Surya Mishra, who was transferred to the college from Sambalpur in May.Dr Mishra said the students were accusing some faculty members of misbehaving with them and were not teaching well. \"I have conveyed these problems to the authorities concerned in the government,\" said Mishra.The college authorities also said the government had always considered the students' demands sympathetically. \"There is no pressing crisis of teaching staff as the college as sufficient number of staff,\" director, Indian medicine and homoeopathy, (IMH) Dhiren Patnaik, said.Patnaik said faculty members should not be faulted for students' failure in the examination as the exam is conducted by Utkal University. \"In case any student has a doubt, he/she should have approached the university for re-addition,\" he added.Established in 1969, the college has student strength of around 170. (125 undergraduate and 48 post graduates) It is the first homoeopathic medical college in the country, which was identified by the Union dept of Ayush as the state model homoeopathic college.The state has six homoeopathy medical colleges, including four run by the state government, in Bhubaneswar, Sambalpur, Berhampur and Rourkela, but none of these have a single homoeopathy professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231526", "title": "ADG reviews law and order scenario", "text": "ALLAHABAD: ADG (Law &amp; Order) Jagmohan Yadav on Sunday held a zonal law and order review meet and instructed subordinates to initiate measures to work out unsolved cases. He also asked officials to ensure preventive measures and improve policing in identified pockets.ADG also directed officials to ensure the arrest of wanted criminals, and added that police have been quite successful in ensuring the arrest of wanted and hardcore criminals. Yadav also discussed security arrangements of the 2013 Mahakumbh with officials and maintained that adequate police force would be deployed for the same. He also pointed out that apart from state police, central forces would also be deputed for the safety and security of the pilgrims. The ADG informed that trained and well-mannered cops would be deployed on Mahakumbh duty and in the same regard, a training session for policemen would be taken care of.Besides, there would be adequate parking slots around city and the cops would be working on traffic, security and crowd management to conduct an incident-free mega event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16227663", "title": "Muslim clerics join seers\u2019 crusade to save Ganga", "text": "LUCKNOW: Muslim religious leaders have now come forward to extend a helping hand to sadhus and seers who are campaigning for conservation of river Ganga.Maulana Saeedur Rehman, principal of Centre of Islamic studies, said that it is well known that Ganga is associated with the faith of Hindus but it is not any less important for Muslims.Terming the drive to clean the river as a \"holy campaign\", Rehman said that he would not only extend support to it but would do whatever was required in achieving it.Member of All India Muslim Personal Law Board, Maulana Khalid Rashid Firangimahli, said that Ganga is a national river and it is not just the Hindus but also the Muslims who live on its banks and earn livelihood through it so it is the duty of all to save it. He lso appealed to all Muslims to contribute to achieve this goal and asked the central government to create a new ministry for conservation of rivers and look for alternatives of bridges on the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16227868", "title": "Metro will ensure low displacement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There will be minimum displacement of people while laying the underground Metro in the city.At a meeting here to review the progress of the Ludhiana Metro, Sukhbir Badal directed the authorities that since land required for execution of the project has to be provided by the state government, minimal displacement of people across the city should be ensured while executing the project.Emphasis will be on executing the underground Metro corridor, especially in densely populated areas, even though it would be capital-intensive as compared to fully or partly elevated corridor.\"The prime objective is to avoid undue harassment to people in terms of dislocation,\" said Badal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16232572", "title": "People have a right to seek employment anywhere: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of MNS chief Raj Thackeray threatening to throw Biharis out of Maharashtra, Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde today said people have a right to seek employment anywhere in the country.\"Everybody has a right to go anywhere and seek employment,\" he told reporters outside Parliament House.On Thackeray targeting certain news channels, he said, \"It is not fair to target media. At times media criticises people and it should be accepted.\"Known for his stand against people from Bihar who go to Maharashtra, specially Mumbai, to seek employment, Thackeray had last week threatened to brand them as infiltrators.Thackeray had also accused Hindi news channels of \"distorting\" his statement. \"I want to tell the Hindi news channel to first understand the issue before it is broadcast...otherwise we know how to deal with it,\" he had said.Reacting to his statements, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar had yesterday lashed out at the Maharashtra government for not taking action against the MNS chief for his threat to Biharis.\"It is the duty of the central government and the government of the state (Maharashtra) to take note of the conduct of a person like Thackeray and deal sternly with such elements,\" Kumar had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16231382", "title": "Upcoming Nokia Lumia smartphones' pictures leaked on Twitter", "text": "LONDON: Pictures showing the new Nokia Windows Phone 8 mobile handsets have reportedly been leaked on Twitter.Pictures, apparently showing the new Nokia Lumia 920 and 820 handsets, were released on Twitter on an account called @evleaks.The pictures show the handsets, which look similar to Nokia's earlier Lumia models, in a range of colours, including yellow and red.The same account was used last week to leak images apparently showing new HTC devices, the Telegraph reports.According to the paper, the larger of the two, the Lumia 920, has a 4.5-inch display and the smaller Lumia 820 has a 4.3-inch display but comes in more colours.Nokia and Microsoft are holding a joint event in New York on Wednesday, at which they are expected to announce the new Windows Phone 8 handsets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228344", "title": "Bhanu complains against scribes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging that he was being defamed by certain journalists, prime accused in the Maddelacheruvu Suri murder case, Bhanu Kiran lodged a police complaint against five journalists on Sunday. Bhanu has been lodged at the Cherlapalli prison since his arrest by Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths in April. On Sunday morning, Cherlapalli prison authorities handed over the written complaint from the gangster to the Kushaiguda police.\"We have received a complaint from Bhanu against four journalists from the print media and a news channel journalist. He alleged that the journalists were writing false news reports with an intention to defame him,\" police said. tnnPolice have made a general diary (GD) entry of the complaint. \"We have sought a legal opinion about the complaint and no case has been registered so far,\" the inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228710", "title": "Nagzira-Navegaon corridor degrading: Study", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has in-principle agreed to declare Navegaon-Nagzira in Gondia district a tiger reserve, a latest study warns overall forest cover and water bodies are decreasing continuously in this vital corridor that connects nine tiger reserves in Central India.\"If the present scenario of deforestation and degradation of water bodies were to continue, the corridor existence between Navegaon National Park and Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary would be severely threatened. It can affect species such as water birds which are related to the wetlands and movement of wild animals through this corridor,\" the study says.The forest connectivity and corridors are critical for biodiversity conservation.A wildlife corridor is a narrow strip of forest cover, connecting two larger forest areas. These corridors help in dispersal and movement of individual animals between different habitats for food, folder, shelter, breeding and other activities.The study - 'Land use land cover mapping, change detection and conflict analysis of Nagzira-Navegaon corridor' - using geospatial technology, was conducted in 2008 by PK Yadav, Mohnish Kapoor and Kiranmay Sarma of University School of Environment Management, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, New Delhi.The study has also been published in the International Journal of Remote Sensing and GIS. Earlier, a similar corridor study in 2005 by the Wildlife Trust India (WTI) had stated that forest cover in the corridor is shrinking due to forest land diversion for dams, other projects and huge biotic pressure.The latest study states that these corridors are suffering from diversion of forest land for proposed expansion of national and state highway projects. Although there is potential for establishing a forested corridor between the two PAs, it is also recorded that at several locations, connectivity exists through narrow forest strips. A sustainable phase-wise management is needed in these forest areas, it says.It was found that in 10 years between 1990-99, 6.22% (340.86 sq km) dense forest was converted to open forest and 6.66% (365.11 sq km) open forest to non-forest between 1990 to 1999. Similarly, water bodies to non-forest showed a change of 1.04% (56.47 sq km).After observation of change analysis, it is found that maximum deforestation occurred in the corridors. In the following decade ie 1999 to 2009, 1.81% (99.22 sq km) dense forest was converted to open forest and 2.21% (121.33 sq km) of the open forest to non-forest. Besides, water bodies showed a change of 1.10% (60.05 sq km).The study states that water bodies have decreased continuously in these two decades. Forest loss and degradation have also occurred due to human interference, urbanization, cattle grazing and projects.Earlier, the WTI had also said that there are 89 villages in the 45-km corridor, which comes to two villages per km. These villages put huge pressure on forest.As per field surveys on conflict analysis in the corridor, it was found that at most of the sites along the NH-6 and state highways and railway tracks, there were encroachments in terms of agriculture land and build-up area. Due to high traffic frequency on roads and railway, wild animals often divert from their original dispersal route and enter these hamlets causing conflict.The Nagzira-Navegaon corridor is one of the most biodiversity rich zones of Central India. Gondia district provides suitable and healthy corridors for transfer of energy resources, wildlife movements and genetic exchange of wildlife between different PAs.\"The NH-6 and South East Central Railway's ( SECR) Gondia-Chanda rail link passes through heart of the corridor and study area,\" the study said.Gondia's most of the land is covered with forest. Wainganga is the largest and most important river and water bodies like Itiadoh, Navegaon, Chulband, Bagh, Karbanda, Bodalakas etc are situated in the district. Therefore, there is enormous potential for change detection study to be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "shastri nagar", "code": "16233483", "title": "Online fans make G-nur rap better", "text": "SHASTRI NAGAR: It won't be too wrong to say that Punjabis identify themselves with and appreciate hip-hop culture. And this is increasingly becoming visible with the ascent of desi hip-hop artists who have made it to the top of the charts around the world. Ludhiana too has its own star rapper whose recent music video got over two lakh hits on YouTube. For Gurnoor Singh, or Rapper G-nur as he is called, hip-hop happened way back when he started listening to rap music with attention. A mechanical engineering student from Shastri Nagar, G-nur might not be known across the country for his art, but the city certainly has a following for this desi rapper.The 21-year-old says he uploaded his fourth song 'Sacha Pyaar' on YouTube in July. 'I am surprised with the response this time... it has lifted my morale to produce better music,' he says.His previous two raps ' 'Paisa Hi Kudi Da Pyaar' and 'Teriyaan Udeekan' ' had got over 20,000 hits and hundreds of comments. 'I got interested in this genre four years ago and started writing my own stuff. Later, I started composing my own raps and used to recite it to my friends. That is how the love for rapping grew in me,' says G-nur. The youngster finds support, fan-following and a collaborator in his elder brother Dr Amteshwar Singh. Both of them get together to create a fusion of G-nur's raps and Amteshwar's singing.'It is motivating to get such response without any attempts at publicizing my song,' says the rapper. He adds he performed at a concert organized to raise money for underprivileged school kids in the city in 2011 and has been performing at several institutions, apart from producing his raps.A fan of rappers Eminem and Hard Kaur, G-nur says he draws inspiration from these artists. 'Rap is becoming popular among listeners as almost every second song has a rap element in it. My objective is to convey messages with my lyrics, rather than sounding vulgar and meaningless,' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16233974", "title": "State ministers continue to aspire for better portfolios", "text": "MANGALORE: Ministers in the Jagadish Shettar ministry are clearly not happy with portfolios given to them. Even as minister for municipal administration Balachandra Jarkiholi is upping the ante for a change in portfolios, his ministerial colleagues MP Renukacharya and MP Appachu Ranjan joined him here on Saturday stating that they were more than ready to handle any additional responsibilities that Jagadish Shettar or the party wants them to.The ministers who were in the city to review the functioning of their respective departments - excise in the case of Renukacharya and youth affairs and sports in the case of Appachu Ranjan - maintained that the final decision in this regard rests with the CM. Renukacharya was a wee bit guarded by his standards in that he batted for the upgradation of ministry given to Raju Gowda (Narasimha Nayak) as well as plum portfolio for Govind M Karajol.\"I have handled excise ministry with great efficiency in the past three dd years as minister,\" said Renukacharya, adding, \"It is time that I moved on to higher responsibilities.\"While not specifying any portfolio of his choice, Renukacharya said he has represented the matter to Jagadish Shettar as well as state party president KS Eshwarappa. \"I have merely put forth my aspiration to these leaders and am not indulging in any sort of blackmail,\" he added.Appachu Ranjan, however, was more forthcoming. \"I would like to handle the rural development and panchayati raj ministry if given an opportunity,\" he said. Justifying the demand for this ministry, Ranjan said he has risen to ranks of minister starting out as mandal panchayat member and knows ground realities well. \"I have traversed to most backward areas and stayed in remote hamlets and know the problems there,\" Ranjan added.Renukacharya was at his characteristic best when the tour of drought-hit areas undertaken by former CM BS Yeddyurappa was raised. \"There is no scope for BJP without Yeddyurappa and party leadership must forthwith make him state party president,\" he said.Asked about KS Eshwarappa in such a scenario, Renukacharya said, \"Eshwarappa himself has sought to be relieved of his duties and moreover his term as party president is coming to an end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16227092", "title": "Violent protest over outages in CM's district", "text": "ROHTAK: A protest against unscheduled power cuts in a village in Rohtak district turned violent after an irate mob set ablaze a state roadways bus besides attacking several other vehicles, police said on Sunday.Residents of Ismaila village blocked vehicular traffic on NH-10 on Saturday night and pelted stones on the police jeep when the officials went to persuade them.The protesters kept the traffic movement blocked for more than 10 hours and torched a Haryana Roadways bus stranded in the jam, apart from smashing window panes of several other vehicles including a police jeep.The blockade was lifted this morning after the protesters, adamant on intervention by senior district officials, were pacified by officials led by SDM Jagdish Sharma, who assured them power supply as per fixed schedule.Meanwhile, the commuters had to face a tough time as the blockade resulted in long queues of stranded vehicles on both sides of the highway.Ismaila village falls under the Kiloi-Garhi Sampla Assembly constituency which is represented by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .Haryana has seen regular protests against poor power supply in other parts during the past few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16228466", "title": "Mea culpa: Parra temple treasurer confesses in public of 31L fraud", "text": "MAPUSA: The temple committee of the Siddhivinayak temple at Parra is been accused of corruption and misappropriation of funds and non-maintenance of accounts of the daily earnings.The special meeting to discuss the balance sheet and accounts on Sunday turned stormy as more than thousand people from Parra attended, trading charges of fraud on the committee.The memorandum signed by Vishwanath Pednekar and 150 people from Parra was submitted to the chief minister Manohar Parrikar claiming that the temple committee of the Siddhivinayak temple, Parra, from year 2006-2012 committed misappropriation of funds of 80 lakh.They had sought the chief minister's intervention in the matter. The signatories of this memorandum has also charged the committee for mortgaging the gold belonging to the temple in various banks to avail personal loans.Taking cognizance of the complaint, the chief minister has ordered the Bardez mamlatdar to inquire into the matter. Mamlatdar Pundalik Korjuvekar, after hearing both the sides, submitted the report to the chief minister.A special meeting of public and the committee was called at the temple hall to discuss the matter in the presence of mamlatdar Pundalik Korjuvekar on Sunday. A large crowd attended the meeting. A police contingent was stationed to avoid any problem.People charged the committee with misappropriation of funds. The committee had shown 98,000 as remaining balance. Seeing that the people were aggressive, the committee finally bowed down and accepted that they committed fraud and mortgaged the gold belonging to the temple for their personal gains. Treasurer Santosh Morajkar gave in writing to the people that he committed misappropriation of 31 lakh and that he will repay the amount to the temple committee. \"It is public money and if they don't repay the money to the temple then we will file a complaint with the police,\" said Shravan Mirajkar, who is taking up the corruption issue.Sources said that the committee has accepted its misdeeds in a written reply to the new committee and agreed to repay 31 lakh while denying the amount was 80 lakh.The meeting decided to dissolve the present committee. The new committee of 14 members was formed to look after the temple's affairs. The previous committee handed over the keys to the new committee in the presence of the mamlatdar. A special committee was formed to look after recovery of the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16229242", "title": "Did Bolt borrow gesture from TV cartoon Pingu?", "text": "As the fastest man in the world, Usain Bolt is used to leading the way. But when it comes to his victory celebration, 'the Bolt' , it seems he may not have got there first. Viewers of Pingu, the long-running children's cartoon, have noticed that the little clay penguin throws a move eerily similar to Bolt's trademark in the opening credits of his show. As Pingu has been around since Bolt was born, some are wondering whether he may have inspired the Jamaican sprinter. Bolt stormed on to the world stage in 2008, aged 21, when he scooped three gold medals at the Beijing Olympics . After winning the 100m, he pulled a move that involves pointing to the sky with his left arm, and holding his right arm down, simulating a streak of lightning.It's not the first time life has imitated children's TV. President Barack Obama won the 2008 election on a campaign using the phrase 'Yes we can' . As fans of Bob the Builder pointed out, this is the answer given to Bob's catchphrase 'Can we fix it?'.When the connection between Obama and Bob the Builder was spotted, observers pointed out that the presidential candidate would have spent hours with his two daughters watching cartoons. A British speechwriter, Max Atkinson, claimed that \"two very reliable sources\" had confirmed that Obama's slogan had been inspired by the yellow-helmeted workman.Keith Chapman, who created Bob the Builder, said he thought Obama had picked up his slogan subliminally, but he had no plans to sue. \"He's got his finger on the nuclear button and the whole of the US army under his command. I don't want Delta Force coming over my garden wall. He's free to use it as much as he likes.\"THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16235360", "title": "Judiciary must be well equipped to tackle cyber terror: Judge", "text": "CHENNAI: Voicing serious concern over the advent of cyber terrorism, Supreme Court judge P Sathasivam today said judiciary should be well equipped to deal with such challenges and balance individual rights with the security of the nation.Several of the most dangerous terrorist organisations were using information technology and \"Our judiciary must be well equipped to deal with such challenges and uphold the rule of law balancing individual rights with security of the nation,\" he said at a seminar as part of the sesquicentennial celebrations of the Madras High Court here.\"Terror, terrorists, terrorism and trafficking, especially in drugs, are the burning issues of our time. In the present scenario, the world is confronting terrorism in its varied manifestations, which has shaken the very foundation of social fabric and world peace,\" the judge said. Though IT revolution has fuelled economic expansion, along with these benefits has come the dark side of IT -- cyber terrorism, he said.\"The idea of terrorists surreptitiously hacking into computer system to introduce a virus, to steal sensitive information, deface or swamp a website, or turn off a crucial public service or disrupt communal harmony as witnessed recently seriously concerns governments to take appropriate remedial action,\" Justice Sathasivam said.Talking about the benefits of Right to Information Act, he said some habitual mischief makers were, however, misusing it to burden the establishment by seeking frivolous information. Noting that the Supreme Court has taken a serious note of mischief makers in a latest judgement, he said the RTI Act must be a watchdog for governance. \"But the need of the hour is to balance the Right To Information with good governance,\" Sathasivam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228786", "title": "New Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee chief to assume office on September 11", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee's newly appointed chief Nirmal Khatri will be officially welcomed into the party office on September 11. The Faizabad MP and member of the Congress Working Committee will participate in a felicitation ceremony by the party workers on his first day as PCC chief in Lucknow headquarters. A senior member of the party said, \"There will be no road shows to mark Khatriji's arrival at the PCC office. However, a large programme will be organised to welcome him. He will then take stock of party's initiatives.\"An old Congress hand, Khatri's involvement in the state politics is expected to change the dynamics of the Congress party within and outside the party office. With old pressure groups now weakened, the 61-year-old leader, believed to be a Gandhi family confidant will now take on the task of rebuilding a highly fragmented party. Unlike some PCC chiefs, Khatri, with his strong organisational connect is expected to unite the party under one wing. A Congress MLA said, \"In the case of some previous PCC chiefs, leadership from across districts had to come and introduce themselves to the PCC chief. At one level, that can be demoralising. Khatri, though he has not been involved in state politics so far, is well connected with the grassroots and knows the party functionaries well, even if they belong to the districts.\"With Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi set to take on a larger role in the Congress at the national level, the change of guard in UP office also assumes significance. Khatri, with no overt caste affiliation, represents the party's secular face. With no connection with one or the other pressure groups, the veteran Congress hand is also likely to wield changes directly in line with what Rahul wants to be done in UP. \"Starting October, there will be hectic activity in the Congress camp, where several local issues will be raised and developed into campaigns. Since, we have now switched to Mission 2014 mode, we are clear that the Congress must better its previous performance of 22 MPs from UP in the Lok Sabha. Rahul is leading us in this endeavour, while Khatri will be in-charge of implementation,\" a Congress leader said.However, Khatri's arrival into Congress' Lucknow office has not been welcomed unanimously. With more than five senior leaders in the race for the top job, rumour mills are now abuzz about where they might be accommodated. According to one section of the party, senior leader Pramod Tiwari and former PCC chief Rita Joshi might be given bigger roles in the Congress Party office in New Delhi. With the All India Congress Committee reshuffle also on the cards, some Congress leaders from UP are expected to find place in New Delhi. Though some ministers are expected to join the party ranks to strengthen the party's organisation, senior party members said it is unlikely that any UP leader would be divested of the charges of to assume bigger roles in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16231996", "title": "CBI to file chargesheet in Prajapati fake encounter case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI told the Supreme Court on Monday that it will file a chargesheet in the 2006 alleged staged encounter killing of Tulsiram Prajapati in Gujarat.Given the numerous extensions taken by the CBI in filing chargesheet, the apex court had given a week to the agency to file a final report before Banaskata court.Prajapati like Sohrabuddin was killed in a fake encounter. Sohrabuddin was killed by Gujarat Police Nov 25, 2005, in a staged shootout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16229651", "title": "Techie hires cab to commit suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fed up with his marital problems, a US-based techie flew all the way from San Diego to commit suicide in his homeland on Sunday. The 30-year-old , a native of Guntur, hired a cab and was found dead by the cab driver when he reached the destination, his brother-in-law's house in Kukatpally.The victim, Immadi Anil Kumar, was working as a software engineer in San Diego in the US. A year ago, Anil married Swapna from Kodad in Nalgonda district. After their marriage, the couple left for the US. Police said Anil's wife Swapna had returned from America 10 days ago and left for her parent's home. On Saturday, he landed in Hyderabad from San Diego and checked into Sitara hotel in KPHB. On Sunday evening , he booked a Meru cab to reach his brother-in-law Suresh's house at Eenadu Colony in Kukatpally. Anil reached the house at about 4.30 pm, but did not get out of the cab.\"Cab driver Jitender thought that Anil was waiting for someone and did not disturb him. After a while, he noticed that Anil was unconscious and alerted the family members. They immediately rushed Anil to a nearby hospital where doctors declared him brought dead,\" Kukatpally inspector K Srinivasa Rao said.The issue was informed to police and a suicide note was found in Anil's pocket. \"In the suicide note, Anil said he decided to commit suicide due to marital problems. He said he could not fulfill his dreams and thanked all his friends for supporting him. He stated that he returned to die on Indian soil,\" the inspector quoting the note said. Police suspect that Anil might have consumed poison either at the hotel or while travelling in the cab. The body has been shifted for post-mortem and a case was booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228503", "title": "Female goat skin an alternative to the monitor lizard", "text": "PANAJI: For the Goan traditional folk music, the ghumat is the most popular musical instrument used since the hoary past. While defining the border of Goa, the folk artists proudly says that wherever one hears the beats of ghumat is the land of Goa. However, today, as the trade in monitor lizard skin reaches its height a month before Ganesh Chaturthi, the poor reptile is on the verge of extinction.Every year more than thousand ghumats made with the skin of monitor lizard are sold in the various parts of Goa. But, whenever, Goa's forest department with the pressure from the wild lifers has raided shops or centres where the sales of these ghumats are taking place, they have seized more than 50-60 ghumats with the monitor lizard skins, mainly in Bardez and Phonda.The professional ghumat makers or poachers are making use of their well trained dogs, which sniff out the monitor lizards from their burrows, to be caught by the neck and strangled. The poachers after killing the monitor lizard relish on the meat used for the xacuti and sold skin to the ghumat makers. On an average, a poacher in a day is able to catch 2-3 monitor lizards in the areas of Sattari, Sanguem.The lizard's skin is stretched across the mouth of the earthen pot to make the drum which is locally known as the ghumat. Both the Hindus as well as Christians make the use of the ghumat for the most of their folk performances. However, during the Ganesh Chaturthi, no arati or singing of eulogy is possible in Goa in absence of the ghumat.In 2002, during a raid in sheler at Bardez 714 ghumats were seized by the forest department, \"Every year during the Ganesh Chaturthi more than thousand ghumats are sold in Goa and this clearly indicate how many monitor lizards are mercilessly killed. One should not forget that it is the schedule I animal and under Wildlife Protect Act, this species is accorded protection like a tiger. It is unlawful to catch the monitor lizard\" says Amrutsingh, the Wildlifer from Bicholim.\"As it is unlawful to catch or kill monitor lizard for the skin that is used for making ghumat. I have decided to replace the monitor lizard skin with the skin of she-goat and I can say with the confidence that one can enjoy the same music with the ghumat made with the skin of goat\" says Vinayak Vitthal Phadte Akhadkar, 60 years of age from Akhada of St. Estevem a well known folk artist of Goa, who is also an established teacher, imparting training of playing ghumat since the period of more than three decades.He further added and said, \"I have with me ghumats of she-goat skins which I am using for the Arati and Bhajan and urging the artists trained by me to make use of ghumats of she-goat skins. My disciplines are popularising these ghumats. The additional Principal Chief Conservator of Forests; Richard D'souza said, \"It is unlawful to hunt any wild animals specified in schedule I. Using the skin of monitor lizard for the ghumat should be discouraged at any cost. The act prescribes fines and even imprisonment for killing or capturing the monitor lizard.\"The Deputy Director of Art and Culture Ashok Parab when contacted said, \"The folk artist Vinayak Phadte Akhadkar's innovation to make use of she-goat skin for ghumat should be accepted as it is easily available.\"This year too, the officials of wildlife crime control Bureau in Mumbai and Goa forest department raided the places to curtail the use of monitor lizard skins in the state.Vinayak Phadte Akhadkar, an expert in imparting training in workshops of the directorate of art and culture, says, \"The cost of one ghumat with monitor lizard skin is 1200 whereas ghumat with goat skin cost 700. The folk artists prefer mainly ghumat made with monitor lizard's skin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16230421", "title": "Ind vs NZ: India beat New Zealand by five wickets to complete series whitewash", "text": "BANGALORE: Young Virat Kohli and skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni held their nerves under pressure with fighting knocks as India survived a few jitters before scripting a comfortable five-wicket win over New Zealand to complete a 2-0 whitewash on Monday.Scorecard | Match in PicsSet a target of 261, the Indians were in a spot of bother at 166 for five at one stage with three wickets falling in quick succession before Kohli and skipper MS Dhoni steered the team home at the Chinnaswamy Stadium with an entire day to spare.Dhoni smashed a six off spinner Jeetan Patel to finish off the match in style and in the process became the most successful captain by winning 14 Test matches at home, eclipsing Mohammed Azharuddin's record of 13 wins.As the ball sailed over deep mid-wicket, scenes of wild celebrations erupted at the stadium while the Indian players stood at the dressing room to applaud the heroics of Dhoni (48) and Kohli (51), who put on an unbeaten 96-run partnership to guide the team home.New Zealand made an emphatic comeback in the final session picking up wickets of Sachin Tendulkar, Cheteshwar Pujara and Suresh Raina in quick succession, which jolted the Indian dressing room for a brief period.Tendulkar lost his middle stump playing across the line on an uneven pitch and Pujara was snapped up by Daniel Flynn at forward short leg.Raina, who had pulled out India from a hole in the first innings with his magnificent 55, threw his wicket with a reckless shot as he was castled by Patel.Dhoni and Kohli, however, took the attack to the New Zealand's territory, treating Patel and Tim Southee mercilessly, hitting boundaries at will.Dhoni and Kohli particularly targeted Patel to unsettle him as he was getting some turn and bounce on the uneven fourth day's wicket.A six by Dhoni off Patel infact prompted Taylor to bring in paceman Tim Southee who put brakes on the duo for some time.Earlier, a steady and unbeaten 64-run stand between Pujara and Tendulkar helped India reach 147 for 2 at tea, needing 114 runs more to win on a rain-hit fourth day.Pujara was batting at 41 and Tendulkar at 23 when the play stopped and did not resume resulting in an early tea break.Resuming the play after lunch, New Zealand pacers Trent Boult and Doug Bracewell bowled a disciplined line, mostly attacking the stumps making it difficult for Tendulkar and Pujara to score freely.New Zealand pacers had a plan cut out for Tendulkar, making him play most often, as he was not in great form. They had Tendulkar in a spot of bother after the Mumbaikar survived two loud appeals for an LBW off Boult and Bracewell.Pujara broke the shackles by plundering 12 runs in an over, dispatching Boult for a couple of exquisite boundaries, taking India's total past 100.Tendulkar then turned the screws on against Bracewell thumping him for two consecutive boundaries.Southee, in his second spell after lunch, made most of the uneven bounce in the pitch by swinging and banging in the ball short to make batsmen play awkwardly.On 37, Pujara got a life as stand-in wicketkeeper Brendon McCullum missed a straightforward stumping chance off Jeetan Patel when India were 134 for two.Tendulkar unleashed a couple of delectable shots off Southee, first standing tall punching off the backfoot and driving through offside, much to the delight of the boisterous spectators.Earlier, the openers gave a rollicking start to India's chase before departing in quick succession as the hosts reached 88 for two at lunch.Virender Sehwag (38) and Gautam Gambhir (34) put the Kiwi attack to sword to give a perfect start to India with their entertaining stand of 77 in under 12 overs.As India raced to 77, Taylor brought Patel, who did not disappoint the captain. Patel flummoxed the dangerous Sehwag, who struck seven fours and six, with a flighted ball which disturbed his off stump.After Sehwag's dismissal, the runs dried up for India and that brought New Zealand back into the game. It played on the patience of Gambhir and prompted him to fish outside the off-stump losing his wicket to Boult.In the morning, New Zealand were skittled out for 248 runs setting India a target of 261 to win.The New Zealand second innings folded after pacer Zaheer Khan claimed wicket of Patel, who hammered two boundaries of the 16 runs scored in a bid to get some vital runs on the board for Indian batsmen to chase.Patel was caught behind by Dhoni for a gutsy 22 runs off 27 balls.Off-spinner R Ashwin was the star bowler for India as he led the attack by scalping five wickets for 69 runs. He was ably supported by Pragyan Ojha and Umesh Yadav, both claimed two wickets each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227267", "title": "No outsider has a role in Afghanistan: Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the India-Pakistan foreign ministers' dialogue this week, addressing the issue of India' s concerns over the situation in Afghanistan post-2014, Pakistan' s envoy to India Salman Bashir said no outsider had a role in preserving the unity of the war-torn country.Despite attempts by the two countries to energize the dialogue process, Afghanistan has remained a ticklish issue for both, more so with the impending withdrawal of international forces from the country.\"What we want to see is that everyone respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Afghanistan, that unity of Afghanistan as a nation is preserved and this is something only Afghans can do; no outsider can play a role,\" Bashir told TOI, adding that the international community could only play a facilitating role.He was asked about the Indian contention that Pakistan continues to use the Afghan Taliban as a strategic asset that can be turned into a force multiplier against India once it captures a fair share of power in Kabul.\"Pakistan is mindful of its responsibilities as immediate neighbour of Afghanistan. It will do whatever it can to promote peace, stability and development there but this notion of a great game of which Afghanistan could be a perpetual victim is misplaced,\" Bashir said.While the US and other countries like Germany have ruled out complete withdrawal of forces in 2014, India remains apprehensive as it seeks to join hands with like-minded countries like Iran, Russia and Tajikistan to deal with the developing situation in Afghanistan.Talks about the Afghanistan endgame will feature prominently in PM Manmohan Singh' s discussions with Tajikistan President Emomali Rahmon this week. The two countries had supported the Northern Alliance against Taliban fighters earlier and share similar worries about Taliban making a comeback.After having pledged close to $2 billion worth investments in the country, India is currently engaged in trilateral negotiations with Iran and Afghanistan for an alternate route through the Chabahar port to Afghanistan.Pakistan has consistently complained about growing Indian activities in its western neighbour, claiming that not all of these are economic or related to infrastructure development. Pakistan' s Express Tribune newspaper has just reported about a circular issued by interior ministry' s National Crisis Management Cell (NCMC) that the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) were using Afghan agencies to fund factions of anti-Pakistan Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231601", "title": "Allahabad University hostel inmates, traders clash in Colonelganj locality", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Barely five days inmates of a university hostel clashed with the local shopkeepers in Manmohan Park area and on the weekend, the Allahabad University area once again became the battleground between inmates of another hostel and shopkeepers of Colonelganj market. Bricks were traded freely between both the sides resulting in injuries to both, even as the police force from several police stations along with PAC personnel battled hard to control the warring groups. Passersby caught in the wrangle became the victims of mob's ire, as their vehicles were damaged and they were physically assaulted by the rampaging group of rioters.However, this is not the first time that such incidents are happening in a quick succession. Few months back students residing in a private lodge in Katra locality openly clashed with shopkeepers resulting in large scale arson forcing the shopkeepers to down their shutters and police rounding up some of the trouble makers. Similarly skirmishes broke out between students and a juice shop owner over a petty issue leading to a clash with associates of both the students and shopkeepers joining the fray.Saturday's incident of violent clashes between the students and shopkeepers was a result of heated arguments between some inmates of Holland Hall hostel and a mobile shop owner over the issue of activation of a SIM card purchased by the inmates. The shop owner's failure to activate the SIM card within the given time frame incurred the wrath of students, who assaulted the former and later his aides retaliated with equal vengeance.Discussing the issue with TOI, a former president, Allahabad University students union and senior Congress leader, Shyam Krishna Pandey said that perhaps the growing distance between the teachers, students and their fellow seniors is resulting in this crisis. Earlier the seniors and teachers acted as the guide, motivator and guardian for students coming from small towns and villages and taught them the nuances of handling such situations in a proper and restrained manner. But sadly this is missing nowadays, which is resulting in such incidents at regular intervals.Holding similar view, a senior faculty member from department of Psychology, Allahabad University, Prof Deepa Punetha, said, \"Need is to sensitise both the students and shopkeepers on the issue and a regulatory mechanism be set up in order to curb the recurrence of these incidents in future. Moreover the law enforcement agencies should also act tough against trouble makers who are out to disturb the peace of the university campus and city.Stating that the incident is a direct outcome of ego clash between students and shopkeepers, a student leader, Abhishek Yadav said, \"Both the parties should sit together and resolve the issue and in fact the shopkeepers should act as guardians of students and pardon them for minor omissions. On the other hand the students should also exercise restraint and refrain from indulging in any violent acts.\"A senior police official said that we would ensure that these incidents are not repeated in future and efforts are on to identify the persons involved against whom strict action would be taken as per law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226755", "title": "9k officials will take stock of livestock in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: Come September 15 and nearly 9,000 officials of the animal husbandry department will fan out across Maharashtra to count the number of horses, pigs, dogs, buffaloes, donkeys, among other animals, in the state. The month-long drive will be undertaken as part of the census of domestic animals and poultry birds.\"The census will help us find out the exact number of domestic animals and poultry birds in the state,\" said Anil Diggikar, secretary, animal husbandry department.A senior Mantralaya official, who earlier worked in the animal husbandry department, said, \"In most cases, domestic animals are a source of income for many farmers. Data on such animals will make it easier for the government to form suitable policies for them. In case of a calamity, the figures will come in handy while providing replacement or compensation to owners of livestock,\" the official said.A comparison of the livestock census figures of 2007 and 2003 reveals a decline in the population of almost all domestic animals and poultry birds in the state. While there was a sharp decline in the number of sheep, camels, horses, fowls, ducks, pigs and rabbits, there was an increase in the population of turkeys and other poultry birds (see box).Eknath Dawale, commissioner, animal husbandry department, attributed the decline in the livestock population to the change in lifestyle of people residing in rural areas. \"Instead of using domestic animals, the rural population has started making use of technology in their daily life,\" said Dawale.In order to have better coordination and result from the census, the animal husbandry department had organized training sessions for its senior officials. \"The officials were told about do's and don'ts to be followed during the livestock census,\" Dawale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16235118", "title": "Experts predict better rainfall in September", "text": "KANPUR: The weather experts predict better rainfall in September. The agricultural experts claimed the rain will be a boon for kharif crop sown late but might adversely affect the crop sown early.\"There is improvement in rainfall and it will be better in September than forecast earlier. The rain will be scattered but heavy in nature,\" said an expert of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology.The last week of August was humid and warm. The maximum temperature crossed the mark of 36 degrees which is unusual. Due to the development of cyclonic condition, the first week of September is witness heavy rainfall so far.The improvement situation has eased the fear of spoiling of delayed sown kharif crop in most parts of the region.It has also brightened the prospects of a better kharif output than expected in July when the rainfall deficit was around 20-40 per cent.\"Rain had helped rice and oilseeds and expanded the acreage of coarse cereals. We are expecting better harvest,\" the expert added. Farmers can sow bajra, black and green gram.\"Bajra, black and gram which require very little amount of moisture and also enhance the soil texture after every harvest. The intercropping of urad and moong is also a good way to compensate the loss of late seeding,\" said Anirudh Dubey, an expert. At the places where rainfall is scanty, farmers are advised to spray a mixture of 2.5 kilogram urea and similar proportion of potash in 600-800 litres of water in the fields. This will enhance the capacity of crop to survive without water.The fields which are flooded and the farmers were not able to do the top-dressing of urea, in that case the farmers are advised to mix soil and compost in similar proportion and spread in field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16234521", "title": "HDMC to emulate Pune's waste management plan", "text": "HUBLI: The solid waste management method adopted by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has become a model for the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC). Nearly 400 tonnes of garbage is generated in the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad everyday. Disposal of this garbage is turning out a challenge for the HDMC and it is seriously attempting to arrive at a solid waste management (SWM) plan that would work as a permanent solution in the twin cities.Presenlty, solid waste generated from Hubli city is dumped at a dumping yard on Karwar Road and solid waste from Dharwad is dumped near Hosayallapur. These dumping yards are almost full forcing the HDMC to find another dumping yard or adopt SWM technology. Given the present situation, the SWM success story of PMC has become a model for the HDMC. The Pune Municipal Corporation gets nearly 1,500 tonnes of solid waste from Pune city everyday and almost all the garbage is used for generating biogas, composting, electrical energy and other processes with the help of some private players on BOT (Built, Operate, and Transfer) basis.Speaking to TOI, Girish Talwar, HDMC environment engineer, said Concord Blue Company is planning to start two plants in both cities to save transportation cost and may seek 2.5 acres land in Hubli and 1.5 acres in Dharwad. Officials from the company say that a minimum of 320 tonnes of solid waste is required per day for both the plants.The company has sought only land on lease basis for the installation of their machines. Entering into an agreement with the company will ensure that the twin cities get a SWM plan with zero investment and the HDMC is keen on it. The plan may soon be finalized once HDMC officials visit the existing plants of the company and finalise the deal.Mayor Pandurang Patil said a team from the city corporation will the visit PMC to see the process of solid waste management and will invite the private player to implement a similar system in the twin cities after discussions with experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226892", "title": "Draft on instituting lake monitoring body in cold storage", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan government's apathy towards upkeep and conservation of water bodies in the state continues as the draft plan for setting up of a Lake Development Authority is lying in cold storage.The draft of the bill which was first prepared in 2009 is yet to be tabled before the cabinet.Despite a heavy rainfall, most of the lakes in the state are parched. To regulate and revive natural water bodies, especially lakes, the state government drafted a legislation which suggests instituting a monitoring body called Lake Development Authority.The bill is part of the Central government recommendation to the desert state on restoring water bodies. While chief minister Ashok Gehlot approved the draft, the bill has been caught in bureaucratic procedures for three years now.\"We have completed our process of drafting the bill and sent it to the finance department. Once they give their permission, it will be placed before the law department and then solicited before the cabinet for approval,\" said G S Sandhu, principal secretary, urban development and housing.Experts said a monitoring body is the need of the hour in a state such as Rajasthan which largely depends on rain water. \"The only perennial river that flows from the state is Chambal. Fortunately, we have several lakes including big ones in Udaipur, Mount Abu, Pushkar and Sambhar. The biggest fear today is of encroachment in catchments areas. Despite good amount of rain, several lakes remained dry,\" said Ravi Sisodia, Jaipur-based environmentalist.The constitution of an authority is in accordance with the directives of the Rajasthan High Court which in 2007 had ordered the creation of a 'Lakes Authority' to conserve the famous Picchola and Fateh Sagar lakes in Udaipur. The court guidelines included de-silting of lakes to identifying catchments areas of the water bodies and forbid any construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16228637", "title": "Youth held for murdering girl", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old youth was arrested on Saturday for allegedly murdering a three-and-half-year old girl at Lakshmi Nagar near Palladam in Tirupur district.Police said L Mahbub Khan (32), a native of Tiruvannamalai district, and his wife Shakeela Beevi (28) and their four children had moved to Lakshmi Nagar near Palladam, five months ago. The couple took a rented house and was working as construction labourers.On Saturday, the couple had gone to work and the children were home alone. Around 6pm, three-and-half-year old Mubina Beevi was found missing from the house and her elder brother Usman Khan (5) informed his neighbours, who conducted a search in the neighbourhood. But they could not trace the girl.Around 10 pm, Khan, Beevi and neighbour Sampath, a construction worker, went to the latter's house. When Sampath opened his residence, they found the body of the missing girl. Immediately, they informed the Palladam police.According to police, the victim was strangulated to death and sexually assaulted. The body of the girl was sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.Police sources said the body was dumped at Sampath's house through the roof by removing a few tiles. The culprit had tired to divert the police by dumping the body there. Fortunately, he was working with the couple at a construction site, sources said.Palladam police secured a 19-year-old youth P Punniamoorthy, a native of Thanjavur, a tailor in a textile firm at Tirupur. Police said he was staying in a rented house situated next to the couple's house. \"We have secured the youth and a detailed investigation is on,\" said Suresh Kumar , deputy superintendent of police, Palladam sub-division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16234414", "title": "Kiran Bedi willing to work with 'less corrupt'", "text": "MUMBAI: Former IPS officer Kiran Bedi on Monday indicated her priorities by stating that the need of the hour is to get the more corrupt out, work with the less corrupt and then think of a third force, which could be Arvind Kejriwal's 'anti-corruption movement'.Kiran Bed, trying her best to justify why she was distancing herself from Kejriwal, said she 'respected' Kejriwal's decision, but that she was not a part of the political outfit.\"It's exactly like Anna. Anna is not a part of the political outfit,\" she added.Bedi said the country desperately needs the Jan Lokpal Bill and the Right to Reject.\"The movement started with the focus of getting the Jan Lokpal Bill, then Anna added the Right to Reject. The country desperately needs an independent Jan Lokpal Bill, which sets the CBI free of any political management. And this country needs the Right to Reject, the most, because between two political parties who may be both perceived to be corrupt, whom you elect, you need to reject candidates. Unless you reject, there will be no space for a third component,\" said Bedi.According to reports, Kiran Bedi may be willing to work with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Her reasoning was \"We have to get the more corrupt out, work with the less corrupt to get what we want. \" And may be, she said, 'create place for a third force, which could be Arvind Kejriwal's 'anti-corruption movement'.Her advice to India Against Corruption movement was that it needs to go to the grassroots.\"Anna and people need to travel to the village levels and explain to people, what is this Lokpal Bill, why do we need a Right to Reject, why should you reject the candidates who have criminal record and corruption records; and then work with the party which is less corrupt,\" said Bedi.Meanwhile, her priority was that the party, which will come to Parliament next year, \"has to give an anti-corruption bill, has to give the Right to Reject because people are waiting.\"Meanwhile, Arvind Kejriwal and four other members of India Against Corruption today accused the Delhi Police of harassing their supporters who participated in the August 26 protest against coal blocks allocation.Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan, Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai, Kumar Vishwas and Sanjay Singh went to the Parliament Street Police Station this morning and met the Additional Commissioner.Kejriwal prior to the meeting said that police was 'harassing' the volunteers of India Against Corruption in the name of recording statements in connection with the cases registered on August 26 during their protest on coal block allocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234098", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s Damarukam wrapped up", "text": "The shooting of 'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna's Damarukam, which was underway in Annapurna Studios, has been wrapped up. Director Srinivas Reddy has completed shooting a hot item number (Sakku Bhai) on Nagarjuna and Charmi and with this; the entire shooting part of the film has been completed.C0-starring Anushka and Prakash Raj, Damarukam is directed by Srinivas Reddy and produced by RR Movie Makers. The film is scheduled for October 12 release. The film is one of the costliest films ever made in Telugu film industry as the estimated budget of this film has gone over Rs. 40 crores. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16227906", "title": "Shivali suicide case: Suicide was waiting to happen, says another victim", "text": "JALANDHAR: Shivali was not the only on who fell prey to the 'ring' of some policemen and photojournalists of language dailies ''catching\" those ''violating the law'' and publishing their humiliating photographs. This had been continuing for many weeks and a suicide was waiting to happen. This is what Mangal Dass, 55, who too faced the humiliation of having his photograph published had to say.Dass gave his statement to Jalandhar Zone IG Gurpreet Deo along with the copy of the vernacular carrying his photograph of touching the feet of inspector Balwinder Kaur, who is already in the dock in Shivani suicide case.He said he was stopped at a naka near DAV College by Balwinder, and challaned for drunken driving. He touched the feet of Balwinder, took the slip and went home.To his utter shock, he saw his photograph of bowing before Balwinder in a vernacular daily the next day.\"I was so distressed that I decided to end my life and walked to the rail track near DAV College,\" said Dass said. But, luckily for him, his wife called up Jatinder Jind, husband of area councillor Sulekha Bhagat, who found him sitting on the track and managed to counsel him.Jind pointed out: \"His two daughters are married and he was planning to get his son married. He was not upset about the challan but the printing of his humiliating photograph. He was worried what the in laws of his children would think about him and how he would to face his relatives.\"Jind then took him to chief parliamentary secretary K D Bhandari, who spoke to Commissioner of Police Gaurav Yadav, after which Inspector Balwinder came to Bhandari's house and apologized for the incident and even offered to pay his challan. Bhandari confirmed this.Jind said Dass was so depressed that he did not go to work at Verka Milk Plant for a month.However, even after the Shivali incident, top brass of police haven't said anything about the Balwinder's practice of taking along photojournalists of language dailies and publication of humiliating photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16233845", "title": "Age no bar, MBA is the bar, say mid-age biz geeks", "text": "MANGALORE: For 46-year-old Yatin R Sherigar his age is no barrier to learn more. Sherigar, who completed his BE in mechanical engineering two decades ago, has enrolled for the regular MBA offered by city-based SDM College of Business Management and PG center for Management Studies and Research. Sherigar, who owns a small scale iron casting industry, has come all the way from Belgaum to do the course which he thinks will enhance his business management skills. \"In today's competitive world, I am finding it a bit difficult to market my products and manage my employees and a degree in business management will certainly help me do better in these areas,\" he said.Since Mangalore is an education hub, he decided to pursue his course here. \"For the sake of my course, my wife and two sons have shifted to Mangalore,\" he added. Yathin's wife Bhavana is a doctor and his sons Pranav Sherigar, a class VIII student and Pratham Sherigar, a class IV student, have also taken admission at a school in Mangalore.Yatin is confident of managing his business and studies simultaneously by pursuing the course in Mangalore. Devaraj K, director of the centre said that in 2011 a woman aged 40 years completed MBA in the centre. \"In the past few years about 10 persons who are aged above 40 years have approached SDM College to pursue MBA. This new trend is particularly catching up among businessmen, who are struggling to establish themselves in their respective business ventures. They have now realized the importance of MBA, in which syllabus is framed on the basis of management skills,\" he added. A few weeks back a 40-year-old Bangalore-based techie too had applied for MBA at SDM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16235178", "title": "Rally to promote eye donation", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College, doctors and medical officers took out a rally on Saturday to promote eye donation. It was part of National Programme for Control of Blindness.The rally began from the medical college in morning and reached Ashok Nagar Chauraha around 8.30 am. It was flagged off by district magistrate MP Agarwal. Chief medical officer RP Yadav and Indian Medical Association president SK Mishra were also present.Students of GSVM, junior doctors, doctors of ophthalmology department and nurses took part in the rally. The students also distributed pamphlets with motivating slogans like 'Netra Daan Maha Daan' and 'Jeevan Ke Baad Bhi Apni Ankhon Se Dekhein'.After completing a round from medical college to Ashok Nagar crossing, the experts addressed the students and other members of the rally at same spot.The CMO expressed concern over slow voluntary eye donation in the city.\"Events and camps should be frequently organized to sensitize people on the issue of eye donation and to clear their doubts regarding eye donation. Eye donation has got nothing to do with a person's blood group, age or sex. Those wearing glasses or those who have undergone cataract surgery can also donate eyes,\" Dr Yadav said.Explaining the reason for poor number of donors coming from the city, Dr RC Gupta from ophthalmology department of GSVM said that religious beliefs and emotional issues interfere with eye donations in India. More awareness is needed.\"It is a difficult task to convince the family and relatives of anyone soon after his or death. Our approach is to create awareness so that they are mentally prepared to donate eyes,\" Dr Gupta said.Under the national eye donation fortnight, the eye bank at the medical college has planned to meet the target of around 200 eye donations in the region as fixed by state health department.In the first eye donation camp organized at GSVM on September 29, only 130 people came forward for donating eyes, among which 75% were a younger lot. The urgent requirement for cornea transplant is 265.\"The elderly people are not coming for eye donation. Voluntary eye donation by elderly persons can help a lot in reducing the gap between demand and supply,\" added Dr Shalini Mohan, another ophthalmic expert at GSVM.National eye donation fortnight is observed from August 25 to September 8 every year. The annual event focuses on awareness campaigns and drives to increase the rate of voluntary eye donation in the country. Another eye donation camp will be organized at OPD of ophthalmology department of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital on September 5.Call to save UP stock exchange: Efforts should be made to save UP stock exchange and maintain its status, says chief guest Yadupati Singhania on the occasion of foundation day of the exchange here on Friday.Addressing members, Singhania said that it was true that regional stock exchanges were in danger zone but there is no need to panic. \"All of us would struggle jointly to save the present status of the exchange,\" he said.The history of stock exchange was also recalled. In the beginning, investors used to make bid openly. Later, it was computerized. Demat accounts were opened after seeking permission from DP and now trading is being done by the investors online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234891", "title": "Stewart seen having threesome in On The Road trailer", "text": "Kristen Stewart's hotly anticipated movie On the Road has the actress having a threesome with Sam Riley and Garrett Hedlund , the new trailer of the film shows.The Twilight star worked alongside Kirsten Dunst , Amy Adams , Viggo Mortensen , Tom Sturridge , Alice Braga , and Elisabeth Moss in the Walter Salles-directed film.It's kind of insane to watch now, the Daily Mail quoted her as telling MTV about the sex scene.I'm like, Who is that? But I think - as every actress says when they do this is - it just felt so right.It was so within a different world and so within a different environment that I don't even really feel - I mean, I am personally connected to it, of course - but it is something outside of myself, she said.The 22-year-old actress plays the 16-year-old bride of Dean Moriarty in the adventure/drama film adaptation.The entire cast reportedly underwent a three-week beatnik boot camp for the film, led by Kerouac biographer Gerald Nicosia, in which they read literature related to the Beat Generation.The story is based on the years Kerouac had spent traveling the US in the 1940s with his friend Neal Cassady and several other figures who would go on to fame in their own right, including William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227206", "title": "More rain likely in next 2 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites on Sunday got relief from the short spell of muggy days as the city received showers bringing down the temperature.The rains, which returned to the capital after a gap of three days, started around noon and the rain gauges measured 2.5 mm till 5.30pm.The city received heavy showers for nine days from August 20, reducing the monsoon deficit in a big way.The maximum was recorded at 34.9 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal and down from Saturday's 35.3 degrees Celsius, while the minimum was recorded at 28 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal and up from Saturday's 26.8 degrees Celsius.The humidity oscillated between 60 and 92%.According to the weatherman, the city is likely to get rains for the next two days with a dip in mercury, which is expected to fall and settle around 30 degrees Celsius on Tuesday.\"With one or two spells of rains, the sky will remain cloudy on Monday. Thunderstorms may occur in some parts of the city,\" an India Meteorological Department ( IMD) official said. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227706", "title": "Dealing with disasters: Ambulances, fire tenders to ply on special lanes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, lanes on city roads will be reserved for emergency vehicles like ambulances and fire tenders. Delhi Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) has prepared a proposal under which these lanes will be used only by emergency service vehicles in case of a disaster. For this, the authority plans to revive the old public warning system under which sirens were used.Speaking at the inauguration of the three-month long campaign -- Delhi Emergency Management Exercise (DEMEX)-- to sensitise people about disaster management and strengthen the existing system, Vijay Dev, divisional commissioner and principal secretary DDMA, said, \"We are planning to reserve one lane on all arterial roads for emergency vehicles. These lanes will be painted in a different colour. Public will be allowed to use these lanes on regular days, but in case of an emergency like an earthquake or blast etc, only emergency vehicles will be allowed to use these lanes. We are going to use the old public warning system --- sirens--- to inform public about a disaster, so that they don't use these lanes.\"DDMA will discuss the plan with Delhi Traffic Police and then start painting on lanes. \"We will carryout mock drill to train people about this new system,\" said Dev.The DEMEX campaign, which is being conducted by National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), focuses on training and capacity building. \"Our main aim is to strengthen the medical response system. We are going to carry out training of medical staff of both private and government hospitals. We have divided the training programme into 13 sections. During mock drills we found that there is an urgent need to step up the medical response system,'' said Sujata Saunik, joint secretary, NDMA.\"There is a need to take preventive steps so that there is minimum damage during disaster,'' said Saunik. Both NDMA and DDMA officials skirted the issue of safety of buildings in unauthorized colonies, which the Delhi government has decided to regularize. But Saunik said, \"People should buy structurally safe buildings\". After the completion of the exercise in December 2012, NDMA will get an audit done by experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231503", "title": "Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 at St Xavier\u2019s", "text": "The atmosphere at St Xavier's auditorium was electrifying when the Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 contest reached the campus on a recent Monday.With a dream to become popular to famous, boys and girls grooved and shimmied to some hit Bolly tracks such as Chikni chameli and Subah hone na de, belted out by DJ Rinky. In the introductory round, Tanveer Singh Sidhu drew attention when he broke into an impromptu rap, while Sneha Bengani exuded oomph as she performed a dance number. The girls were specially excited. After all, two girls who win this contest will also get a chance to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear. TALENTED LOT: The talent round saw the youngsters putting their best foot forward.Judge Agnimitra Paul was impressed by the show of talent. While Sagori Chatterjee put up a classical dance recital, Soujanya impressed all with the play of expressions on Kyun na bole mose mohan. Ayoshi Talukdar, who had just lost her phone, didn't let the setback affect her performance. Gaurav Agarwal's beatboxing drew wolf whistles from the girls. He clinched the second runner-up's title. Among the girls, as Amrabati Sen crooned Kiss me through the phone, the boys in the crowd went ballistic. Hissey Ongmu Tamang's belly dancing steps on Chikni chameli would have sent Katrina scurrying for cover. She was adjudged the second runner-up. Emcee Sidhu too joined in with some of the participants.Among the boys, Nilanjan's locking and popping won him the first runner-up's title, while Tanveer, who impressed all with his bhangra jig, was declared the winner. Among the girls, Ayoshi's sporting spirit made her the first-runner up, while Nalzor Bhutia stole the show with the right mix of style, grace and talent as she danced to Kudiya nu thag le. She was declared the winner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16227967", "title": "Fake currency of Rs 1.45 lahk seized, 1 held", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Fake currency worth Rs 1.45 lakh was seized by the police from one, Rajesh Mandal, at Masaru village under Sabour police station in Bhagalpur district on Sunday afternoon. Most of the currency were in the denomination of Rs 500 and 1,000. This is the second seizure of fake currency in the last month.Police officials believe an organized gang is operating in the area whose members are pumping fake currency in the district and in sub-urban areas. The police team had seized fake currency worth Rs 2.62 lakh while arresting one person from Tilka Manjhi locality in the recent past.The STF and district police team had been keeping watch on activities of anti-social elements for the past one month. According to sources, the STF team from Patna along with district police arrested the fake currency peddler on receiving information about flourishing of fake currency racket in the area. Rajesh Mandal is a resident of Mamalkha under Kahalgaon sub-division and has criminal record. He was released from Katihar jail three months back, said sources.Confirming the seizure of fake currency and arrest of one person, Bhagalpur SSP K S Anupam confirmed said police had received information about fake currency being circulated in the city and other areas.After getting information, STF and the district police arrested the culprit with the fake currency.\"We are trying to extract more information from the arrested person about the racket,\" said the SSP adding the arrested person could be a member of an organized gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227841", "title": "Terror suspects give cops a tough time", "text": "BANGALORE: They are indeed hard nuts to crack. The 13 terror suspects currently in the custody of the Bangalore police custody are giving their interrogators a tough time. The 13 suspects are constantly trying to mislead the investigators by giving wrong and false information and obfuscating facts, police sources said. One suspect is believed to have told the investigators:\"We are here to carry our master's orders.''The sources said that the police task is complicated by the fact that most of the accused are highly educated and know the law like the back of their hand. \"When we went to arrest the suspects from their J C Nagar hideout, the accused asked us under what law were they being arrested. They demanded that we display the arrest warrants. We told them that their two associates had been arrested and a 7.65 mm revolver recovered from the duo. They had no answer,\" the sources said.The sources also said that the arrested are proving \"extremely hard nuts to crack\". \"First two days they misled us by sharing false information. They are deliberately giving wrong inputs. However, we have been able to make them open up now,\" they said.All the accused parroted the lines that they were working for Lashkar-e-Taiba and Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami. But it took a while for the investigators to realize that the accused were only trying to hide their Pakistani connections.Preliminary investigations revealed that some of the accused came into ISI contact in 2009. \"They met top ISI activists outside the country. Since then, they were in regular touch with their ISI handlers,\" the sources said. \"One of the Bangalore-based accused travelled to Uttar Pradesh in 2010 and 2012 and held meetings with top ISI agents,\" they added. The self-radicalized group was forever into efforts to broadbase their contacts. Travel details of a few accused revealed that they had visited Kannur in Kerala. \"From there, they had travelled to Kollam and we strongly suspect that they met Abdul Nasser Madani before his arrest,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16232808", "title": "MLA rips off shirt, Jharkhand assembly adjourned", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand assembly was adjourned twice today after an opposition MLA ripped off his shirt inside the house to press for demands.As soon as the house convened at 11 am, opposition members trooped into the well of the house raising a din over a plethora of demands.Jharkhand Vikas Morcha(Prajatantric) MLASamresh Singh ripped his shirt, prompting Speaker C P Singh to first adjourn the house for an hour.When the house assembled again, the opposition continued with the din leading to the adjournment till 12.30 pm.The opposition demands included setting up of a commission for displacement, regularizing para-teachers, returning land acquired from people of Nagri village situated on the outskirts of Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227639", "title": "Two touts held at Indira Gandhi International airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons who were acting as touts at IGI airport have been arrested.\"The duo \u2014 Gurmukh Singh, resident of Amritsar, and Krishan Singh, resident of Ganganagar in Rajasthan \u2014 was intercepted by CISF personnel at the T3 terminal,\" an airport security official said. Both were handed over to Delhi Police and put under arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16226681", "title": "Pune cops raid late party at lounge, arrest 300", "text": "PUNE: Police raided a lounge bar at Wagholi, around 20km from here, in the early hours of Sunday and arrested around 303 people, including 114 women, on charges of not having liquor permits and misbehaviour in a public place. They were later released on personal bonds.Additional superintendent of police (Baramati division) Ravindrasingh Pardeshi said the Maya lounge bar was raided around 1am on Sunday. \"We are verifying the documents of the place. Police have been getting complaints from nearby residents about youngsters gathering at the lounge every Saturday night. They used to dance to loud music. Taking serious note of these complaints, we raided the lounge,\" Pardeshi said.\"When we entered the lounge, we found youngsters dancing to loud music. Most of them were under the influence of alcohol and did not even understand that we were conducting a raid. We took their blood samples at the lounge itself as it was practically impossible to take all of them to hospital,\" Pardeshi added.Police summoned a team of doctors from the government-run Sassoon hospital around 4am to take the blood samples of all the people present at the lounge bar. Due to a large number of people, comprising IT professionals, students, businessmen, blood samples were being taken till late in the afternoon.A woman IT professional, whose blood sample was taken around noon, complained about the police action. \"We are not at fault. We only came here to celebrate with friends. If police have a problem, they should take action against the organizers. Why are we being held responsible?\" she said.The Maya lounge bar is jointly owned by Rajnish Nirmal, an inspector with the anti-terrorism squad, and his wife Anjali. Police have booked Anjali under the Bombay Prohibition Act. The two partners and two managers running the place were also arrested. Speaking to TOI, Nirmal said, \"We have given out the place on a five-year lease. We had asked the partners running the place to follow all rules and regulations.\"The lawyer for the bar management, Rahul Dindokar, claimed that the raid began at 11.45 pm on Saturday. \"The lounge was shut exactly at 11pm. No customer was allowed in after that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233910", "title": "There's no comparison with Manoj Bajpai: Nawazuddin", "text": "After his portrayal of a gangster in Gangs of Wasseypur and his critically acclaimed work in Kahaani and Paan Singh Tomar, actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui was in Ahmedabad for the screening of his next film Chittagong. On a short trip, Nawazuddin enjoyed his stay in the city and also commented on how the Gujarati crowd is very welcoming of film actors. In a friendly chat he tells us his Bollywood experience ...Were you uncomfortable with the usage of cuss words in GOW-2 ? Not really! If you visit the area in Wasseypur, you will realize that many people use cuss words quite casually. A gangster living in Wasseypur will not be sophisticated anyways. Someone who beats and shoots people on his whims and fancies can't speak politely. Since it was my character, I played it the best way I can.How was it with your role being compared with Manoj Bajpai's portrayal in GOW-1? Manoj has an extremely good screen presence. And he is a powerful actor. Having said that, there was no comparison between our portrayal of the gangster in Gangs of Wasseypur . My role was more about someone who did not want to be a gangster but is forced to become one. So one would feel the restraint or some kind of withdrawal in my role in GOW-2 , which was very different from Manoj's role in GOW-1 .What do you enjoy doing in your leisure time? I only want to talk about films, even in my leisure time. I sit with my friends and we discuss films, roles and interesting aspects. I am only focused on doing good work right now so nothing else interests me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227905", "title": "We\u2019re looking into regrouping of old outfits: Agencies", "text": "BANGALORE: Police investigating the terror suspects and their plans have stumbled upon evidence indicating possible regrouping of old terror outfits like Deendar Anjuman which had allegedly staged a series of blasts in churches in the state in 2000. \"We may look into this angle as we suspect that the arrested had some links with Pakistan's Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) which had funded and provided logistics to Deendar Anjuman,\" a source in the state home ministry said. A special court in the city had convicted 23 activists of this outfit in 2008 for their involvement in serial blasts that rocked the state, four cases of church blasts in places like Bangalore, Gulbarga and Hubli, during June-July 2000. St Peter and Paul Church at JJ Nagar in Bangalore, another one at Wadi in Gulbarga district and a church at Keshavapur in Hubli were among the churches targeted. The gang members were caught when the van they were travelling in exploded on July 10, 2000, near Minerva Mills on Magadi Road in the city while returning after planting the bombs at JJ Nagar church. Some of the accused were later acquitted. They were Mohammed Riyazuddin, Mohammed Jaffer, Ismail Akki and Ameer Hamza. It was observed that Hazarath Moulana Syed Siddique Qibala alias Siddique Deendar Channabasaveshwara, founder of Deendar Anjuman, had intention to Islamise the whole world including India. Apart from attempting covert acts, the accused held secret meetings and conducted jihadi activities to achieve the object. The court retained the case against prime accused Syed Zia-ul-Hassan, the chief of the banned Deendar Anjuman, and his six sons,who were reported to be absconding. Hassan is believed to be a resident of Mardhan in North-Western Frontier Province of Pakistan. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) through Interpol has issued a red-corner notice against Hassan and his sons. Deendar Anjuman had its headquarters in Hyderabad, which was dismantled following a ban on them. \"We cannot say that Hassan himself is involved directly in the present terror module. But we are sure from the information gathered during the interrogation that one of the arrested had links with ISI and this has raised our suspicion that Deendar Anjuman activists who had gone into hiding were in close contact with these men,\" said the source. \"We are not ignoring other outfits like those men belonging to Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) who were arrested and sentenced to undergo life imprisonment later,, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalre", "code": "16227367", "title": "Discover the joys of aging", "text": "BANGALRE: No more is old age a gloomy and not-sohappening phase in our life. It is the time to live happily, celebrate with love and compassion and realize one's dreams. About 1,000 citizens above 50 years of age came together at the Celebrating Age India Expo 2012, held over weekend, to discover the joys of aging. Together, they sought ways to make life more exciting. Workshops for the elderly to understand their health requisites, free eye check-up sessions, yoga, music and a recruitment desk for exploring job opportunities beyond retirement engaged the crowd on Saturday and Sunday. Over 30 companies in housing, retirement communities, banking, insurance, healthcare, wellness and travel and leisure sectors took part in the job fair. The programme was an initiative of International Longevity Centre India ILC-I and produced by Vision India. \"Aging is going to be a big challenge in the 21st century, especially 'qualitative' ageing. Science has helped humans add more 'years to life'. And science will also help to add 'life to the years',\" said RA Mashelkar, president, ILC-I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16227125", "title": "Karnataka terror plot: 13th suspect held in Hubli terror cells case", "text": "BANGALORE: Investigations into the recently busted two terror muddles in the state received a fillip with Bangalore police arresting the 13th suspect late on Saturday. Mohammed Akram alias Khalid alias Imran Khan , 22, a native of Nanded in Maharashtra, was arrested from Majestic area when he was trying to flee the city.Bangalore police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji on Sunday said one foreign-made 7.65 mm pistol, 16 cartridges and other incriminating documents were recovered from Akram.\"Preliminary probes revealed that the accused stayed in Saudi Arabia for a year and returned to India. He had taken shelter in Bangalore for the last several days and was in touch with the other terror suspects arrested in Bangalore. They were hatching a conspiracy to execute target killings in Bangalore and other places,\" Mirji said.Akram went underground on hearing about the arrest of his associates. He was trying to escape from the city when police arrested him, Mirji said.Five suspects were arrested in Hubli and six from Bangalore on August 29. On Friday last, a 12th suspect had been picked up from Hyderabad. A 7.65 mm Italian made gun(Petroo and Beretta) had been recovered from the suspects.A senior police officer said more arrests were likely and they could include media professionals from the city and other states. \"The network is huge and spread across the country. We are collecting more details on these persons,\" police added.Bangalore police are likely to take the arrested suspects to Hubli in the next couple of days for further investigation.Mirji declined to confirm reports that the arrested terror suspects had plans to target Kaiga nuclear power plant. \"Bangalore police have no such reports. If you need to know anything more you can talk to the Union home secretary,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228754", "title": "Five-member SP probepanel to visit Rae Bareli", "text": "LUCKNOW: After his government ordered to provide round-the-clock power supply to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's constituency, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has appointed a five-member panel of ministers and party office-bearers to visit Rae Bareli for a first-hand account of two recent incidents that had led to widespread protests by the locals.Seen as a result of the growing bonhomie between the SP government in Uttar Pradesh and the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) at the Center, the move is sure to give other parties in the state some ammunition.Earlier, the decision to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Rae Bareli and Amethi had seen strong reactions with parties criticizing the pick-and-choose approach of the CM towards certain constituencies. The bottom line of the opposition protest was that the government should treat all the districts in the state at par.The chief minister on Sunday appointed Shiv Pratap Yadav and Rammurti Verma (both ministers of state) and Pratapgarh MLA Nagnedra Yadav along with National and state president of SP student's wing Sunil Singh Yadav and Dr Rajpal Kashchyap respectively to visit Rae Bareli to look into the two incidents. The delegation will visit Rae Bareli on September 4, 2012 and submit its findings the next day.The SP has been extending support to the UPA government and has bailed out the government on numerous occasions over crucial matters. The centre too has recently sanctioned a package for Uttar Pradesh. The two incidents in Rae Bareli which the five member delegation is slated to look into include the death of a villager in police firing on August 31and that of a local resident in a road mishap on July 20.In the first incident, one Dharmendra Yadav was allegedly shot by the police in Pure Kesari Lodhipur village under Uttrawan police station of Dalmau area on July 31, 2012.Police claimed that Dharmendra was killed in crossfire between them and two dreaded criminals on motorcycle whom they were chasing, the locals accused the cops of cold blooded murder. The irate locals blocked the highway for more than four hours before the Rae Bareli district police chief himself reached the spot and pacified the villagers that action will be initiated against the accused cops after an inquiry.He ordered immediate suspension of the police team in charge involved in the firing and the two constables who were involved in the action.The second incident took place on July 20, 2012 in which one Lalta Prasad Yadav was allegedly crushed to death by a speeding dumper outside the Khajorgaon village under Lalganj police station of Rae Bareli.This incident too had triggered protests by locals who blocked the road for more than 10 hours demanding immediate arrest of the accused dumper driver and a thorough probe into the incident claiming that Lalta Prasad was killed as a part of a murder conspiracy and the crime was executed in such a way that it looked like a mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227409", "title": "MCD official to be charged for not razing illegal hotel", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has given green signal for the prosecution of an MCD official for favouring a five-star hotel and not demolishing its unauthorised construction in lieu of monetary benefits.Finding evidence against MCD junior engineer Jagbir Singh, special CBI judge Rakesh Syal said the accused being a public servant had abused his official position.\"The accused...obtained for M/s Uppal Properties Pvt Ltd a pecuniary advantage without any public interest by not demolishing the unauthorised construction at Uppal Orchid Motel,\" he said. September 5 has been fixed for framing of charges in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16233341", "title": "Sudip Pandey in \r Paro Patnawali", "text": "Bhojpuri action hero Sudip Pandey is in Malaysia for third time to complete the shooting of Bhojpuri film 'Paro Patnawali'.Ranju Sinha is the producer, Raj Verma the director and the actress is Divya Diwedi. Sudip has already acted in movies made by Ranju Sinha. These include 'Jai Ho Jagdambe Mai' and 'Kasam Tiranga Ke,' which were also shot in Malaysia.Sudip Pandey says, \"Malaysia has many people from UP and Bihar. The Malaysian government is also helpful. Shooting Bhojpuri movies in same old places may not be liked by the audience. If we don't try to make Bhojpuri movies which can compete with Hindi Movies, the popularity will come down. We will try to make the movies interesting just like Hindi films.\"Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16226850", "title": "Mumbai cops violated law over Bihar arrest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mumbai Police may have acted within the law by arresting Azad Maidan vandal Abdul Qadir Ansari from Sitamarhi in Bihar without taking the state police in the loop but it violated legal provisions by not producing the accused before a 'local' magistrate or senior police officer after his arrest.Ansari - a Jogeshwari resident who allegedly vandalized the Amar Jawan memorial during the Azad Maidan riots on August 11 - was taken to Mumbai where he was produced before a city court which remanded him to police custody till September 4.The episode, which triggered a war of words led by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray who took offence to Bihar's move of flagging the mistake to Mumbai Police, is, however, not the only one which saw such inter-state squabble.JD(U)-ruled Bihar had indulged in a similar tussle with BJP-ruled Karnataka when the latter's police arrested Indian Mujahideen terrorist Kafeel Ahmed from Darbhanga district in May for his alleged involvement in the blasts at Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore in 2010. Instead of informing Bihar police before arresting Ahmed, Karnataka police picked him up and produced him before a court in Jharkhand.The incident was not only picked up as an episode of 'trust deficit' between different states ruled by different political parties but also highlighted poor coordination among states on tackling terrorism. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar had taken strong objection to Karnataka's action and had written to the Union home ministry highlighting the violation of law over jurisdiction.Taking note of Kumar's protest, the ministry had on May 16 written to all states reminding them of the provision under Section 80 of CrPC.In a detailed note to chief secretaries over the legal provisions, the ministry had said, \"A person arrested must be produced before executive magistrate or deputy superintendent of police or commissioner of police within whose jurisdiction the arrest was made unless the court which issued the warrant (for arrest) is within 30 km of the place of arrest.\"The law clearly shows that Mumbai police violated the legal provision by not 'producing' Ansari before the local magistrate or police after it arrested him in Sitamarhi. Bihar police came to know about the arrest only through media reports.Mumbai police, however, did nothing illegal in arresting Ansari without 'informing' the local police. Citing legal provisions, the home ministry's note mentioned such exceptions if the delay in executing the arrest warrant may turn out to be counterproductive.Referring to Section 79 (3) of CrPC, the ministry said if there was reason to believe that delay in obtaining endorsement (from the local authority) will prevent arrest, the warrant may be executed without going through such process.This provision may give Mumbai police a breather in its response to Bihar which highlighted the unilateral act of Maharashtra in carrying out such arrest. The assumption that Mumbai police did not want to waste time in taking endorsement from local authorities as the delay could have allowed Ansari to flee to Nepal may hold some ground. But the explanation may not absolve the city police from its responsibility of producing the accused in a court in Bihar after the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228797", "title": "Lucknow hospitals ill-prepared to fight fire", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three days after a fire threatened the lives of over 50 patients at the surgical ward of the King George's Medical University, a random check by Team TOI revealed that patients are sitting ducks in case such a crisis crops up at any other major government hospital of the city. None of them including the Quality Council of India-accredited Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital is properly equipped to handle fire. These hospitals have remained ignorant to the problem despite warnings and show-cause notices from the fire department.At Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil Hospital, Team TOI found that there were no fire extinguishers in the outpatient department complex. The hospital lacked on the count of hydrants as well. Hydrants are the lifeline of fire fighting system and even fire brigades can't act much in their absence. The set-back area is also absent. The main entrance to the hospital is always crammed; two of the remaining three sides are covered by the State Information and Public Relations Directorate while the rear end has forest area covered by the Lucknow Zoological Gardens.The idea that one can use the sideways towards information department for help would meet disappointment, as both the sides have parking area for the government office, which is usually covered with two-wheelers on one side and cars on the other. The fire men will not even be able to break the window panes and enter wards to rescue patients through the three sides. Inside the hospital too, making way to the wards to rescue patients will not be easy due to absence of ramps. Still the officials say that they are prepared to face the crisis. On being contacted by TOI, chief medical superintendent, Dr SK Hasan said, \"The hospital is equipped with fire safety gadget.\"But his claim was exposed by the fire station officer, Hazratganj, Chandra Shekhar Yadav, who, said. \"We issued them a notice on January 17 apprising them about the risk of fire in their hospital and asking them to make necessary changes. The situation is bad here,\" he told TOI. The authorities at the civil hospital however were caught napping over the letter. \"I have no idea about the letter. I took charge of the hospital in April,\" said the CMS. The fire department officials say that since the hospital has crossed the grace period of 90 days, they would write to the district magistrate for implementation of the order.Despite being India's only government hospital to have bagged the QCI certification for quality of hospital services, Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital's, fire safety system is handicapped. The reason: six-floored indoor complex has only stairs and lift elevator. But, both stairs and lift serve little purpose when it comes to transporting a patient who may have undergone orthopaedic surgery or would be in the spell of anaesthesia after undergoing an operation. The life-saving ramps are missing here. It is for this, that the fire department served a notice to the hospital almost two months ago.Fire station officer, Gomtinagar, FN Yadav revealed that fire safety equipment in the hospital was not functional. \"Having non-performing equipment is as bad as not having any equipment. They are still in the grace period (of 100 days from the date of issuance of show cause notice), so, we can act only after the duration is over,\" Yadav said. On being contacted, medical superintendent, Dr ML Bhargava said, \"We are aware of the problem and corrective measures are currently underway. However, the construction of ramps was stopped mid-way after funding was stopped, when the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission was detected.\"In Balrampur Hospital, patients are at the mercy of the god as the hospital is yet to test the fire safety equipment. Though hydrant were present, but the entire system banks only one man who have been appointed by the private agency providing fire safety service. Chief medical superintendent Dr UN Rai admitted that the new equipment has never been tested. \"Now that you have pointed out, we would get a dry run done very soon,\" said Dr Rai. Like the KGMU, the building of Balrampur hospital is also old and has similar problems such as old wiring. But since the load of AC is not too high and there is ample set-back area, an incident of fire would be manageable. However, encroachment could pose some problem. Fire station officer, Chowk, Ramesh Kumar Tewari has issued a show-cause notice to Balrampur Hospital as well.When such big hospitals with huge footfall of patients are in a bad shape, it may be foolish to expect fire safety at smaller hospitals and centres. Chief Medical Officer, Lucknow, Dr SNS Yadav however said that hydrants have been installed at Bal evum Mahila Chikitysalaya (BMC), community and primary health centres. \"They have been given fire extinguishers as well,\" he said. However, the claim fell flat on ground zero. BMC's Red Cross building in Kaiserbagh is an example.TIMES VIEWIt's really unsettling to know that not a single government hospital in the city is well-equipped to tackle fire. This is one of the most basic things a place like hospital -- where thousands of people gather every day --must have. But here despite notices and cautions sent by the fire department, hospitals have not put their house in order. If patients and their attendants who are already battle-weary fighting against long queues and apathetic medical staff, have to worry even about safety from fire their plight can really be gauged. When the government is spending crores on hospital's modernisation, it's high time the health department worked on war footing to make government hospitals at least a safe place for patients and their family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16231591", "title": "Telecom operators claim they comply with stringent radiation norms", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) has reaffirmed that the industry continued to be compliant even with the new emission norms proposed by the department of telecom (DoT) which are one of the most stringent in the world. Recently DoT has all telecom operators to reduce the radiation frequency to 1/10th level. The directive has come in following the findings of committee comprising ministers and experts that the radiations can cause harm not only to human body but also to the animals.The telecom Industry in India has always been proactive to adopt and ensure compliance with the International safety standards on EMF exposure limits, upholding public health and environment as its foremost concern. As early as 2008, the industry alongside DoT took the lead in setting up standards for EMF emissions, the best standards operational in the world were reviewed and the ICNIRP standards were adopted as they provided the safest margins to ensure no adverse effects on the health of the people.Recently, when the Inter Ministerial Committee, as a precautionary measure, recommended that the standards be lowered to 1/10 th of the present ICNIRP standards (which is considered to be the safest in the world with over 90% of the countries having adopted the ICNIRP guidelines); despite there being no scientific evidence stating any increased health benefit from the proposed directive, the industry has gone an extra mile to ensure compliance with the same.Rajan Mathews, Director General of COAI stated that \"Being sensitive to the concerns of the people, the industry voluntarily undertook proactive measures and underwent a massive transition in its network infrastructure which was redesigned significantly to meet the prescribed norms. He further reiterated that considering the scarce spectrum resources available in India compared to the other countries, population density and traffic it was an extremely difficult task in itself.\"He assured that, \"The industry has always been compliant of the exposure limits and will continue to work actively along with the DoT to ensure that compliance is maintained in this area. We are hopeful that our partnership with the government will continue in this sphere to assuage the concerns that the public have regarding the health effects of EMF emissions from mobile towers and ensure that they are informed of the true scientific facts on the matter and be assured that their safety is being safeguarded with utmost sincerity and priority by the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16228019", "title": "Woman dies after biker rams her scooter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 24-year-old girl from Mehsana died in a road accident near Chanakyapuri in Sola on Sunday morning. Her friend, who was riding pillion on a scooter with her, also sustained leg injuries. Police have started search for the accused, a bike rider in the case.According to Sola police officials, Vandana Lalchandani, a native of Ahmedabad living in Mehsana had come to the city on Sunday to meet her friends. She had gone to her friend Mauli Parekh's house in Chanakyapuri where from the duo started off at 11 am on a scooter to meet other friends.\"According to Mauli's statement, they were going towards the Sola flyover when a biker came from the diagonal direction and before Vandana could apply the brakes, rammed into the two wheeler. Due to the collision, the duo fell on the road. Vandana sustained head injuries whereas Mauli had her leg injured. The biker fled from the spot,\" said a Sola police official.Vandana was rushed to a nearby private hospital where she succumbed to the injuries. Police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16228656", "title": "Pushcart vendor held for shoplifting at jewellery shop", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police arrested a pushcart vendor on Saturday for stealing six sovereigns of gold jewellery worth Rs 1.8 lakh from a jewellery shop.K Ayyapan (42), a resident of Ganapathy, visited Pavizham Jewellery shop on the Cross Cut Road in Gandhipuram on August 26 along with his wife to purchase a Mangalsutra in exchange for his old gold ornaments. However, he flicked six sovereigns of gold from the shop, the police said.The shopkeepers realised the missing of gold while inspecting the total stock later during the evening. When they viewed the CCTV footage suspecting a theft, they found the accused hiding the jewellery in his pant pocket and swiftly leaving the shop.Based on a complaint filed at the Kattoor police station, the police arrested Ayyapan and seized the stolen gold jewellery from him. In his statement, the accused said that his greed for the gold made him to steal the jewellery and his wife was unaware about it. Police have filed a case under section 379.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16234150", "title": "Punjab teachers to hold rally on September 5", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Teachers working in universities and colleges in Punjab and Chandigarh will hold a rally and proceed on mass casual leave on September 5 to protest against the non-implementation of UGC recommendations on wages and other benefits.While teachers working in other varsities of the country have received 50 to 70 per cent of the revised UGC pay scale arrears, teachers in Punjab have not received \"even a paisa\", Dr Jagwant Singh, general secretary of the Punjab Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisation ( PFUCTO) said.He said more than 4,000 posts of teachers in universities, government colleges and aided colleges are lying vacant, which has severely damaged the quality of education.Poor funding by the government is causing salary delay in aided colleges and universities and government is yet to fulfil its promise on pension gratuity scheme for staff of such institutions, he added.Besides, Singh said it is yet to implement the UGC recommendation on enhancement of retirement age, amend Security of Service act 1974 to provide better Security of Service to teachers working on unaided posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228570", "title": "BJP pushes Parrikar's name to lead India at 'Congress hatao' meet", "text": "PANAJI: Claiming \"good governance\" in Goa by chief minister Manohar Parrikar , BJP Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai said various surveys indicate that Parrikar should lead the country.He said this at the 'Congress Hatao ( UPA), Desh Bachao' public meet organized by the Bharatiya Janata Partyyuva morcha.\"Most of the surveys have indicated that Parrikar should lead the central government,\" Phaldesai said, adding that if the country \"has to be saved from Congress\" then it should start from Goa. He also said that the perception of BJP being a communal party has been changed and this time BJP has more Christian MLAs then Congress had in the state assembly.He also accused the central government for blocking the development of the state. He said the central government was always opposing the Goa government's initiatives, be it the mining policy or the kerosene quota.\"If we need development in the state then we have to throw out the Congress party at the Centre,\" said Phaldesai.Member of parliament and BJP national yuva morcha president AnuragThakur reiterated that BJP will not allow parliament to function even if the country faces a loss of 15 crore to bring back the 1.86 lakh crore lost due to the coal scam.Thakur said, \"We have to collectively fight to save the country and only youth can bring a change in the country from this corrupt government.\"BJP state yuva morcha president and Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant said as MPs have gone to jail for 2G and the coalgate scam, similarly Congress leaders in the state will also see jail in the SEZ and IDC land scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16228536", "title": "Kozhikode corporation submits Rs 9.25cr project to prevent flooding in city", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A Rs 9.25 crore project by Kozhikode corporation to construct a storm water drainage which will prevent water clogging and flooding during the monsoon in the city is likely to get approval from the state level technical committee.The project, included in the Asian Development Bank aided Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Programme (KSUDP), aims at checking water clogging and flooding on Mavoor road, Sreekanteshwaram temple and in front of the mofussil bus stand.P Sethu Madhavan, consulting engineer with the WAPCOS-ISA Consortium entrusted with the implementation of the storm water drainage project said that the meeting of the state level technical committee would be held this week.The plan is to connect all the three main drains in Kairali theatre road, Sreekanteshwaram temple and Rajaji road. The three drains will be joined on the western side of the Mofussial bus stand. A new culvert will be constructed on Mavoor road near crematorium road to drain the water to the Cannoli canal. A new drain is also planned in parallel to the existing drain at Mavoor road via Azhakkodi cross road connecting existing drain at Jafarkhan colony road to drain the water to the Cannoli canal. The drain in front of the mofussil bus stand will be connected to Mavoor road drain by constructing a channel. A culvert will also be constructed near the Sreekanteswaram temple. The proposal also plans to construct a100-meter drainage channel in front of the Coronation theatre.A proper storm water drainage system has been one of the long-pending demands of the people in the city. The first phase of the work on improvement of the secondary drains and inlets to the Elathur-Kallai canal has been progressing in the corporation limit.Flooding and consequent environmental problems are one of the main concerns of the people in Kozhikode corporation, which has one of the poorly maintained drainage systems.The waste water drains out to the Canoly canal passing through the city. There are about 18 waste water outlets into the cannoli canal and ten outlets into the sea. Southern areas drain out to Kallai River and northern areas to Korapuzha and Poonurpuzha.The clogged drainages cause water logging in the low lying areas located on the western side of Conoly Canal. Major city roads are passing through in these areas and causes traffic disruption during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228716", "title": "We are in a position to win, asserts centurion Virat Kohli", "text": "BANGALORE: Having reduced New Zealand to 232 for nine in their second innings on the third day of the second Test at the M Chinnaswamy stadium, India's first innings centurion Virat Kohli believed the match was headed India's way.\"When you have a lot of time you don't have to think about the target, you just play normal cricket. I don't think the wicket is doing so much that we have to be worried about the target.If we think to bat 3-4 sessions, we should be in a good position to win the match,\" said Kohli. \"We need to get the last wicket early and give the batsmen a lot of time to chase down the target,\" he added.Talking of his own batting, Kohli, who completed his second Test century on Sunday, said it was a special feeling to score when it matters most for the team.\"It's always special feeling to get a Test hundred. The feeling was great when I got the first one in Adelaide and I got the same feeling today,\" Kohli said.\"It's always a satisfying feeling, especially when the team needs it most,\" he added.Kohli, who looked good for a big one after reaching his century, said it was a lapse in concentration that did him in.\"That was the only ball in my innings in which I didn't look at the bowler's hand,\" pointed out Kohli, who fell leg before to Tim Southee . \"That was a lapse in concentration and you just need one to get out in international cricket,\" he added.In the same breath, the Delhi batsman said that playing under pressure brings the best out of him, indicating that he was game for a chase if India lose early wickets, like they did in the first innings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16234335", "title": "Bal Thackeray backs Mumbai police over vandal's arrest in Bihar", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Nitish Kumar defended Bihar DGP's letter to Mumbai police commissioner protesting the manner of arrest of a teenager from the state, Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray today said the chief minister should have instead congratulated Mumbai police for its action.\"The Bihar CM should have congratulated Mumbai police as their action prevented Abdul Qadir from fomenting more trouble in that state,\" Thackeray said, in an editorial in Sena mouthpiece 'Saamna'.\"Even God cannot save this country if political boundaries are going to come in way of nabbing a terrorist from Bihar,\" Thackeray said.Qadir was recently arrested from his native Sitamarhi district in Bihar by a Mumbai police team for allegedly vandalising the martyr's memorial during August 11 Azad Maidan violence called to protest alleged atrocities on Muslims in Assam and Myanmar without taking that state's police into confidence.Bihar police chief and chief secretary of the state had reportedly sent letters to Mumbai police commissioner voicing displeasure over the incident.Calling Qadir a \"traitor\", the Sena patriarch said, \"There was no need for the Bihar chief secretary to meddle with the business (of Mumbai cops arresting Amar Jawan memorial vandal from Bihar).\"\"The memorial vandal Abdul Qadir's arrest was an action against a traitor and the policemen involved in it were Indians,\" he said, adding Kumar's \"image has been needlessly tarnished in the episode.\"The Sena supremo's comments have come amid strong criticism of his estranged nephew MNS chief Raj Thackeray's remarks that Biharis in Maharashtra will be branded as \"infiltrators\" and driven out of the state if Bihar government initiated legal action against Mumbai police personnel involved in arresting the vandal.While condemning Raj Thackeray's remarks, Nitish Kumar had yesterday defending Bihar DGP's letter, saying as per a circular of the Union Home Ministry, the police or investigating agency of any state was duty-bound to inform the local police and seek its cooperation in the arrest of an accused person in a case.It was not done by Mumbai Police in the arrest of Qadir and several other accused persons from Bihar by police of other states, he said, adding Bihar government and its police were within their rights to protest the manner of such arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16228324", "title": "Medical aid eludes migrant workers in realty sector", "text": "KOCHI: Proper medical care seems to be eluding injured migrant labourers working in the city's construction sector. The injured workers are often sent back by the real estate companies without helping them complete their treatment and thereby depriving many families of their only source of livelihood.Though builders, claim that incidents of serious work site injuries including harm to head and spine is very low, data offered by city's leading hospitals tell a different tale. Around 30-50 cases of serious injuries, which require trauma care, are reported in these hospitals.On an average, over 30 work site accident cases with injuries to head and spine are being reported at the Medical Trust Hospital every month. The hospital claims to have been admitting the largest number of cases followed by the Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences, where every month, 4-5 cases are reported.Doctors handling such cases say that chances of full recovery of patients with head and spine injuries depend on the extent of injury. They say that most often the insurance claim, offered to workers as part of various government schemes, is not good enough to cover the entire cost of treatment. Usually, treatment to a serious head and spine injury costs over Rs 1.5 lakh.According to Dr Arun Ommen, spine and nuero surgeon at the Medical Trust Hospital, the treatment expenses in most cases are partially met by the real estate companies who employ these workers. \"But most of them demand low-cost treatment for patients brought by them. Majority of the workers are sent back to their native places even before their treatment is completed,\" he said.The doctor said most workers, once they get back to their hometown, don't give importance to rehabilitation and recovery from serious injuries. Medical experts say that though builders can claim to have their limitations in providing free medical care to workers, the government can play a major role by creating a special fund for the purpose.However, the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai) refuted the claim that builders are not taking care of their workers. \"Only a few cases of work site injuries are reported. There have been instances when a builder has spent Rs 3-3.5 lakh for the treatment o an f injured labourer,\" said M V Antony, president of the Kochi chapter of Credai.He also blamed the workers for not wearing safety equipment provided to them and maintained all work site accidents are duly reported to the district labour office. A senior official with the district labour office denied this claim. \"Only a few fatal accidents are reported and so it is difficult to pin down the builders and ensure that they give workers proper medical care,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228253", "title": "4-day film festival to mark 60 years of Indo-Japan relations", "text": "CHENNAI: The Japan consulate with the Indo Cine Appreciation Foundation will organize a four-day long Japanese film festival to commemorate the 60th anniversary of Indo-Japan diplomatic relations. The festival will be held from September 4 to 7 at Sree Devi Preview Theatre, T Nagar. Masanori Nakano, consul-general of Japan will inaugurate the festival at 6.15pm on September 4 and film director Prabhu Solomon will be the chief guest.'Swing Girls', 'From Me To You,' 'Rail Truck,' 'Three For The Road,' 'Water Boys' and an animation film, 'Children' are some of the movies that will be filmed.The film 'Rail Truck is about rediscovering the family bond, while 'From Me To You' is a play on the English horror movie 'Ring'. 'Swing Girls' is about a group of girls who join the school brass band and 'Three For The Road' shows a loner in love with a courtesan. 'Waterboys' features five adolescent geeks who join the school swimming team, in spite of mockeries. Entry is free and seats are available on a first come first serve basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231909", "title": "I want to be a part of Rs 500 crore club: Emraan", "text": "He may not be a part of Rs 100 crore club, yet actor Emraan Hashmi says he believes in maintaining a consistent run at the box office and won't resort to doing films for the heck of it to achieve the benchmark.In the recent past, Emraan has set the cash registers ringing with several hits like 'Once Upon a Time in Mumbai', 'Murder 2', 'The Dirty Picture', 'Jannat 2' and now having films with Karan Johar (untitled), Vishal Bhardwaj ( 'Ek Thi Daayan' ), Rajkumar Gupta's ( 'Ghanchakkar' ) in his kitty, the actor is on a roll.\"I feel I am growing as an actor. I want to be a consistent actor. Like if one or two films get Rs 100 crore collection and the others bring in small business of Rs five crore, then one is not left with an average performance,\" Emraan told in an interview.\"I want to have a consistent run rate at the box office. It will be good if every film is like doing a minimum Rs 50 crore business. The money keeps coming in consistently,? he explained.At a time when the position of an actor in B-town is governed by the number of Rs 100 crore films he has to his credit, Emraan says, he does not eye Rs 100 crore, rather he would vouch for Rs 500 crore.\"Why Rs 100 crore, I want to be a part of the Rs 500 crore member club. My biggest hit has till now grossed about Rs 60-70 crore,\" Emraan said.\"But I don't want to do a sub-standard script because it will be grossing Rs 100 crore. I have few scripts where I felt that they could do that kind of business. But I don't understand that. So it will be on my own terms. If a film touches that mark, good, if it does not, I am fine with it,\" the actor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16228579", "title": "Villagers grill St Cruz panchayat on RP 2021 at gram sabha", "text": "PANAJI: The issues of lack of facilities for disposal of sewage and garbage management for housing projects in St Cruz and RP 2021 put the panchayat authorities on the back foot, as members raised queries about the requisite infrastructure at the village gram sabha.At the meeting chaired by sarpanch Tony Fernandes , he stated that the panchayat had issued 13 occupancy certificates since the last gram sabha on November 20, 2011, till date.When a member sought to know whether the provisions for sewage and garbage facilities were made by the building owners, Fernandes said the previous panchayat body had issued the certificates.The panchayat could not do anything as town and country planning (TCP) department had already approved the construction projects, he added.A member cited the recent Supreme Court verdict of July 2, 2012. \"This order affirms the constitutional supremacy of the panchayat, and accordingly, it cannot be controlled by any government-appointed bureaucrat,\" the member stated.The sarpanch assured that he would abide by the judgment. A few queries were also raised by a local NGO, Santa Cruz education and action movement (SCREAM), on various issues. One was about the setback required for constructions from the road widening. The sarpanch stated that members should approach TCP for the correct details.Regarding the revision of Regional Plan 2021, the sarpanch said that the panchayat body had not received any information about revision of the plan.The NGO also wanted videographing of the proceedings of gram sabhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16231628", "title": "No cleavage show for Esha Gupta in 'Raaz 3'", "text": "Esha also disowns her sexy image. Director Vikram Bhatt very clearly instructed the newbie first seen in Jannat 2 opposite Emraan Hashmi, to wear dresses that don't reveal her cleavage, while Bipasha was instructed to....well, let it all hang out.Explains Esha, \"Cleavage is, I think, a very post-youth thing. I think showing the cleavage is more about displaying your physique to the world when you are no longer that young. Young girls are far too confident of their space to be insecure about the physicality. My director Vikram Bhatt and I decided that I'd wear casual conservative clothes because an average 20-something city girl dresses with no insecurity of not getting attention.\"Bipasha plays the older actress and therefore all the aggressive skin show in Raaz 3 goes to her.Says Esha, \"I am extremely de-glam in the role. When I cry I allowed smudged makeup to be used. No half-measures in this film. Later, when I begin to get unwell because of the black magic being done on me by Bipasha's character, I did away with all makeup and used a pale look.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16228121", "title": "Railways to launch new e-ticket scheme for frequent travellers", "text": "PATNA: Encouraged by tremendous increase in e-ticket bookings across the country, Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has decided to launch a new scheme for frequent travellers by trains.Under the proposed scheme, passengers could book their berths/seats against advance money kept with the IRCTC. It will be a hassle-free exercise for passengers while booking their e-tickets online on the IRCTC website.According to a senior IRCTC official, the corporation is working out details of the scheme, which will be known as 'Rolling Deposit Scheme (RDS)'. Under the RDS, a user could deposit money in advance with the IRCTC and then use it as a payment option while booking e-tickets from IRCTC's site online, he said. IRCTC group general manager Manoj Kumar said the new scheme is likely to reduce the payment gateway time for the users as money would be deducted from their IRCTC accounts. Under the RDS, there will be least possibility of e-ticket booking failure, he said, adding about 10% cases of e-ticket booking failures are reported invariably each month these days due to problems in the bank server.According to sources, the IRCTC will not levy any gateway charge for booking e-tickets through RDS. Users could open an account with the IRCTC with the minimum balance of Rs 1,500 and book online e-tickets for undertaking journey by any train across the country, sources said, adding about 4.5 lakh e-tickets are booked daily through the IRCTC website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16228390", "title": "GPS-based route map project will have to wait", "text": "KOCHI: The implementation of a project to introduce automated transport system (ATS) proposed by the district administration in the city is getting delayed due to lack of funds and failure in identifying an implementing agency.The first phase of installation of the global positioning system (GPS)-enabled ATS was to begin in February this year.The authorities had chalked out the plan to introduce GPS-based system in December and identified a private firm to implement the project.Though the authorities had identified a private firm to implement the project, the administration excluded them as they had quoted a higher amount.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the administration is still searching for an agency which can implement the project in a cost effective manner.Pareeth said according to the proposal submitted by the company to install GPS-enabled system in a vehicle, the administration has to shell out between Rs 5,000 and Rs 6,000.He said many commercial establishments and shops in the city were not ready to cooperate with the project as they might have to pay Rs 1,500 extra a month to include them in the loop.\"If the shops and establishments are not willing to co-operate, the system will be restricted to bus stops, public places and public vehicles.Initially, the project would be implemented in 10 locations in the city and later it would be extended to other locations,\" Pareeth said.If the project is implemented on time, Kochi will become the first city in the country to introduce ATS. The total cost of the project is expected to be around Rs 20 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16227946", "title": "Startup helps soldiers bleed less in war", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India's first emergency thermostatic dressing, capable of halting profuse bleeding, has been developed in Ahmedabad by a startup. The innovative product \u2014 Axiostat \u2014 developed in a university laboratory, is being used by the Indian armed forces and paramilitary forces.According to Leo Mavely, founder and managing director of Axio Biosolutions, the bandage is procured by the Indian Army and paramilitary forces for high and low intensity conflicts.His product is also being supplied to trauma and casualty centres at hospitals in Ahmedabad.The product was developed by Mavely at NirmaLabs at Nirma University and received funding from the Department of Science and Technology and Gujarat Venture Finance Limited.Mavely is now in talks with EMRI 108 to supply the product as part of its first aid kit. The company is also waiting for necessary approvals from Europe to market its product in the region.\"Uncontrolled bleeding, from traumatic wounds sustained in road accidents, kills millions of people annually. The product has been developed for traumatic injuries, road accidents, military environment and to equip police to help save accident victims,\" said Mavely.The product, made of 100% natural biomaterials, contains poly-n-acetylglucosamine, which reacts with blood and clots it immediately.\"Any first responder can apply the dressing on a victim. The product looks like a sponge and acts like a mechanical barrier on the blood. Once the victim is taken to the hospital and the doctor applies saline, Axiostat turns into a soft gel and can be washed away from the wound,\" said Mavely.In January 2012, the company conducted a drive with Ahmedabad Traffic Police, where 250 units of the product were supplied to help victims of manja during Uttarayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16226779", "title": "Nitish tears into Maha Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray, calls him 'sir phira'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Sunday called Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray a 'sir phira' (crazed) for his statement that people from Bihar were \"infiltrators\" into Mumbai. Nitish also said Raj's threats were a challenge to the authority of the Maharashtra government as well as the Centre.\"If these governments cannot take on such a person, it is anybody's guess how they would tackle the bigger threat of terrorism,\" said an angry Nitish. He was particularly critical of the Congress-led Maharashtra government and said, \"It appears the state government has outsourced governance and is shying away from its responsibilities.\"The CM was addressing a press conference at the JD(U) office here. Reacting to Thackeray's threat of throwing out people from Bihar out of Mumbai, Nitish said, \"Nobody on earth can do this and play with the dignity of Biharis, or for that matter Indians.\"Nitish said the Bihar DGP has written to the Mumbai police commissioner over the arrest of a wanted people from Sitamarhi, without taking the local police into confidence. There are established rules for making arrests in other states and there is also a circular of the Union home ministry, but in this case the rules were violated. \"Instead of any police officer of Maharashtra speaking on this issue, an 'aira-gaira' (worthless person) is speaking,\" he said.The CM said the politics of such people was based on provocation and hatred and they survive only on negative publicity. \"They stage-managed violence by beating up some taxi drivers, shooting the incident and circulating its CDs to news channels,\" he added. \"If these fabricated CDs are not shown on TV channels, their shops will shut down,\" he added reacting to Raj Thackeray's latest threat to Hindi news channels. \"I don't want to join issues with such a person,\" he said without taking Raj's name.The CM expressed satisfaction over the all-round condemnation of MNS chief, and said all parties were united on the issue since it was related to the pride of Biharis as well as the people of other states who have a constitutional right to work and live in any part of the country without anybody's permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16234070", "title": "Science courses are in vogue", "text": "MYSORE: Courses in basic science are in great demand with many students lapping them up in Mysore like never before.Thanks to vacancies in the teaching profession and the increased demand for researchers.This season, the physics department of University of Mysore has received 754 applications for 68 available seats.Department head C Ranganathaih said that there is a huge scope for post-graduates in physics. \"Interestingly, IT companies are also recruiting physics graduates with attractive pay,\" he said.Owing to a deluge of applicants, the cut-off percentage has been increased comparatively. Previous year, students with 70% marks had got seats. But this season, those below 88% are not getting payment seats. Applications from other universities too have increased -- 268 applications were received in the previous year, while the number has risen to 560 now.head of chemistry department, University of Mysore, Yathirajan H S said candidates with chemistry in post-graduation have bright chance.\"They can earn more than any information technology (IT) professional as there is scope at pharmaceutical industry, laboratories and research work,\" he added. This year, the department has received 735 applications, as against the 69 available seats. Organic chemistry, a sub-branch of chemistry, has 29 seats, but has received 250 applications. Last year, the department had received about 200 applications.\"This is a steep increase when compared to previous years,\" Yathirajan added.Sourabha M S, a first year student, said: \"We can join research laboratories. Some chemical industries offer good salary compared to others. So I opted this.\" Shortage of mathematics teachers in schools and colleges is a major factor for students to pursue PG in mathematics. Mathematics department head Somashekara said the demand has increased as people are aware about the fact that there are less mathematics teachers. Until 2010, the department received about 200 applications, but this year it received 555 applications, as against 51 available seats. Second year mathematics student Ravikumar C K said: \"I will be placed with a good salary if I pass NET. I can even earn by conducting tuitions. There are good opportunities in research area too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16231624", "title": "Workers against Reoti fighting from east Uttar Pradesh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At a meeting of Samajwadi Party workers of Karchana assembly constituency held on Sunday criticised the proposal by some party leaders to field SP national general secretary and Allahabad MP, Reoti Raman Singh from a parliamentary seat in Poorvanchal instead of Allahabad in the 2014 parliamentary elections.Presiding over the meeting SP leader Madan Mohan Dwivedi said that it is ridiculous that some party leaders have mooted the proposal of fielding Singh from a seat dominated by members of the Bhoomihar community, which points towards the narrow and impractical political mindset of them.He claimed that Singh would contest 2014 elections from Allahabad seat only and no other place because he has never practised casteist politics in his life. This is evident from the fact that he won elections from Karchana assembly seat eight times and the seat is dominated by Brahmins. Besides this, he has also won elections from Allahabad parliamentary seat two times in a row in 2004 and 2009. On both the occasions, he had trounced Dr Murli Manohar Joshi of and Ashok Bajpai of BSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16228256", "title": "Kerala to use \u2018star power\u2019 to lure foreign tourists to state", "text": "KOCHI: For tourists planning a trip to the state, 'God's own country' has been for long the byword that has filled their imagination of a landscape draped in greenery.But as tourism evolved into a full-fledged industry with government initiative, spiritual tourism found a lot of acceptance among domestic tourists, which was followed by the keen interest evinced by foreign tourists in Ayurveda.But now, according to the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC), Kochi, even astrology (jyothisham) is attracting foreign tourists to the state.With an eye on this segment of tourists, the DTPC is now planning to start a backwater boat ride for tourists in a luxury boat from Poothotta in Kochi to Piravom in Kottayam.During the trip, the boat will halt at Pazhoor Padippura Mana, where over 1,000 years ago the legendary Thalakkulath Bhattathiri bestowed on the family the power to predict future with the help of conch shells.Foreign tourists visiting the place can meet the family astrologer at the Padippura. The astrologer, using the name and date of birth of the visitor, will predict the future after spreading the conch shells on a block which is divided into many squares.The DTPC will have a luxury boat that would take 20 tourists in one trip for the combo backwater ride and astrology tourism.\"Foreigners are interested in astrology. Many tourists who visit the state go to an astrologer to get an insight into their future and suggest solutions for a better tomorrow,\" said DTPC secretary T N Jayasankar.The move is also an attempt to develop Kochi as a backwater tourism circuit.According to astrologer Aroor Madhusdhana Panicker of Alappuzha, astrology is very popular among foreign tourists.\"In the tourist season, at least 3-4 foreigners consult me on a daily basis. They are curious to know how we predict the future and what is in store for them,\" he said.The state government has already approved the Poothotta-Piravom boat ride plan and agreed to allot a luxury boat.\"We were supposed to launch the service on September 6, the day K Karunakaran memorial boat race will be held in the Muvattupuzha river at Piravom. But we are yet to receive the luxury boat. We should be able to start the service in a month or two,\" said Jayasankar.Sources said that work order to build the luxury boat has been given to Samudra Shipyard, Aroor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228774", "title": "Lover's family members set ablaze youth in Firozabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: A youngster allegedly set ablaze by the family members of the girl he loved died of burns during treatment in Firozabad district on Sunday. His parents have lodged an FIR accusing the girl and her family members of killing their son.Govind of Indiranagar was in love with a local girl and the two often met in the open. On Sunday, when Govind went to meet her near her house, her family members came to know about it. They caught hold of Govind and beat him up severely. They then allegedly doused him in kerosene and set him on fire. He ran for help but in suffered more than 90% burns. By the time the flames were doused by onlookers, he had lost consciousness. He was rushed to the hospital where he died.The girl's family members admit to have beaten up Govind and let him off with a warning. They claim that Govind might have later, as a result of humiliation, committed suicide by setting himself ablaze. This has been rejected by Govind's familiy who insist he was murdered in cold blood by the girl and her family. They also said Govind went to meet her as it was she who would call him.Police have registered an FIR against the family members.No arrests were reported till late on Sunday. Cops said preliminary investigations reveal that Govind had gone to meet the girl, where he was confronted by her family members who assaulted him. It now remains to be established if they doused Govind in kerosene and set him ablaze or the victim killed himself. Police said once this incident is established, action will be taken. The body of the deceased has been sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16229470", "title": "Kasab, Gawli cases to become teaching tools", "text": "MUMBAI: Delighted at their recent successes, the Mumbai Police are planning to make teaching tools out of the convictions of terrorist Ajmal Kasab and underworld don Arun Gawli.The police brass believe the efficiency with which the \"two cases were probed, documented and followed up on\" can serve as a lesson for the force. The police's legal cell has been asked to make PowerPoint presentations on the cases' investigations and prosecution.After that step is complete , \"we will conduct training sessions that will cover filing of an FIR, collecting material and corroborative evidence as well as technical and scientific evidence,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy. The tutorials will also incorporate lessons on \"how to safeguard witnesses and protect their identities\" .Roy said that many investigating officers lose focus once the chargesheet is filed. \"Cases also fall apart since officers are unable to make their point well in court.\"The home department has announced a reward for the officers who were part of the investigating teams probing Kasab and Gawli cases. Sources said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan may personally give the cash reward and appreciation notes to the officers.Ramesh Mahale, chief investigating officer (crime branch), and 24 of his subordinates will be felicitated in the 26/11 case. The Gawli case was cracked by the crime branch's unit 3, which included inspectors Dinesh Kadam, Ninad Sawant, Dhananjay Daund (retired) and Yogesh Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228400", "title": "Law toppers prefer higher studies", "text": "HYDERABAD: At the 10th convocation ceremony of Nalsar University of Law on Sunday, most of the students who passed out opted for higher studies over a career in corporate firms right now. About 30% of the 2012 batch of 74 BA LLB graduates has opted for higher studies in top legal institutes across the globe over working in firms with pay packages ranging from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 12 lakh per annum. Till recently, up to 90% of the students in a particular batch opted for the corporate option.The trend to go for higher studies in top educational institutions in the UK and the US was mostly observed among toppers in various streams offered by the university. Students said better prospects would be open for them after they complete their higher education.\"After my course at Oxford University , I would specialise in both intellectual property law and corporate law. Firms back home are eager to absorb students who have done specialisation in these subjects,\" said Sreemeena Sethu, gold medalist, International Trade Law, BA LLM course. Sreemeena was offered a job with a top law firm at Mumbai with a pay package of Rs 12 lakh. However, she opted for an LLM in Oxford. Among the students awarded gold medals were Rejitha N Nair (LLM), Sakshi Sawhney (BA LLB) and Chand Chopra (BA LLB).Speaking at the convocation ceremony, Union minister of power and corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily, told law graduates to focus on their goal of social betterment while helping the common man. Moily also spoke of the need to usher in the second generation of legal education reforms in the country.The reforms, according to Moily, would focus on the three pillars of \"expansion, inclusion and excellence\". As part of the reforms, four national-level institutions would be established as centres of excellence. Also, a national law university will be established in each of the states. The centre will also set up a national law library which can be accessed by all citizens, he said.The minister also said that creating a research environment for cutting edge research is important.The vice chancellor of the university, Faizan Mustafa said that Nalsar had excelled in almost all international and national competitions the previous year. \"Nalsar students won international moot competitions across the country and abroad,\" Mustafa said. Two senior professors of the university, Amita Danda and M Sridhar were honoured in the convocation ceremony for brining out internationally famed reports and papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226961", "title": "Tour operators take senior citizen for a ride", "text": "MUMBAI: A consumer forum has directed Santej Travels and Raj Travels to pay Rs 50,000 compensation to a senior citizen, after the agency failed to take him on a 15-day vacation to the US.Srikant Mishra (76) had paid Rs 2.21 lakh for the trip.In 2008, the travel agency had advertised about the trip. Andheri (W) resident Mishra, a retired Reserve Bank of India officer, came across the advertisement and approached Santej Travels, Lokhandwala, owned by Raj Travels.He gave them a cheque for the amount and booked himself on the vacation. However, the agency did not give him an itinerary for the trip and he was repeatedly given false assurances about the trip. Mishra then asked them to return the money. On August 28, 2008, the travel agency issued a cheque to Mishra which bounced due to insufficient funds. In March 2010, Mishra filed a complaint in the Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum. Following the complaint, the forum sent a notice to Santej Travels and Raj Travels, however they did not respond. The forum then passed an ex-parte order. Among other documents, Mishra also submitted a court order relating to the cheque bouncing case and letter received from the bank when the cheque bounced.According to the court order, the agency was ordered to pay Mishra Rs 2.60 lakh. Taking this into consideration and the documentary evidence,The forum ordered the agency to pay him Rs 50,000 as cost of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232385", "title": "'Hi Waat Jeevanachi' music launched", "text": "The music of Marathi movie 'Hi Waat Jeevanachi' was launched recently. The launch was organised at Ramee Guest Line in Mumbai.Classical singer Padmabhushan Shri Gulam Mustafa Khan released the music of Marathi film 'Hi Vaat Jeevanachi'. The film is produced by Sarabjeet Sidhu and directed by Harbans Sidhu. The story revolves around how children ignore their parents after they grow old.Apart from Shri Gulam Mustafa Khan, Dr. Vilas Ujawane, Prakash Rahule, Pooja Nayak and many others were present at the music launch. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16228674", "title": "Imperative to understand feelings of a character to bring out sentiments in song: Marathi lyricist Guru Thakur", "text": "NAGPUR: Renowned Marathi lyricist Guru Thakur believes it is imperative to understand the feelings of a character to bring out the sentiments in a song. This is what, he says, he does while writing songs. The result is a web of magical words that engulf the listener and makes them feel the emotions of the song.Thakur was in the city on a rainy Sunday evening to grace an event 'Kase Geet Jhale', organized by Navrang Creations. While sharing his journey to fame, he also talked about the inspirations behind his songs.Yogita Chitale, who made Thakur go down the memory lane during a conversation, and Anirudh Joshi presented songs penned by the ace lyricist.Thakur said in childhood, he along with his cousins played antakshari at their ancestral home during holidays. \"Most of the times, I would forget the original lyrics and slip in my own words to avoid a 'bhendi', which my cousins won't even realize,\" said Thakur.Thakur gives credit of his success to his childhood days and time spent at hometown in Konkan. \"I used to score badly in Marathi language. During holidays, my grandfather would make me sit with him while he was reading. This increased my vocabulary, though I did not realize it at that time,\" he said.This conversation was beautifully punctuated by presentation of his songs, especially 'Man Udhan Varyache' and 'Deenbandhu tu Gopala re' that received huge applause from the audience.Giving the audience a measured mix of hit songs and interesting trivia about the life of a popular artist Kase Geet Jhale presented the stories behind Thakur's songs.Summing up the talk, Thakur said, \"Writing a song is like using a cello tape. Unless you find the edge of the tape you cannot use it. Similarly, you cannot write a song till something clicks within,\" said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16232391", "title": "Soon, a football academy in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: A national football academy which will be world class facilities will be come up soon in the Reliance township in Vadodara.The All India Football Federation (AIFF), along with its commercial and marketing partner IMG-Reliance, recently presented a 360-degree plan of football development in India with a common vision of the country participating in the 2026 World Cup.\"Reliance Industries is donating its township facility in Vadodara free of cost for setting up a national academy,\" a source said.The AIFF's commercial partner is in touch with an international group that specialises in setting up world-class football academies and running them.The township already has four-five football grounds and according to the IMG-Reliance group, building an academy there would be easy. Besides setting up the academy, both the AIFF and IMG-Reliance are working towards refurbishing the existing stadiums. Discussions are in progress with state associations to push for stadium refurbishments.\"There are groups who have been visiting all the stadiums. Right from seating arrangement to playing fields, everything would be taken care of,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226708", "title": "Residents block road over clogged sewer lines", "text": "JAIPUR: Irked over the clogged sewer lines in the area, residents of ward number - 20 blocked the Ajmer road for over an hour on Sunday.Residents from the nearby colonies gathered near the Civil Lines metro station and protested against the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) for not acting on their repeated complaints.Due to the construction of the metro, residents claimed, the sewer lines in the area have been choked with mud and debris. This has resulted in supply of contaminated water to the colonies.Ward councilor Akhilesh Dubey said \"The sewerage water is seeping into the pipelines and residents of Mridul Nagar and Rudrash Nagar are facing difficulty.\"\"We have asked for sewer jetting machines several times, but the officials do not respond to our complaints,\" Dubey rued.The roads in the area too were cleaned of the dirty stagnant water recently after JMC chief executive officer Lok Nath Soni visited the area and assured the residents of immediate action.The civic body has been in the line of fire for poor sanitation condition of the city. \"The JMC has recently acquired equipment like sewer jetting machines. But, the officials are not utilizing these properly,\" claimed mayor Jyoti Khandelwal.The JMC sanitation committee claimed that despite employing 8,000 people and spending Rs 19crore per month on sanitation, the city streets are littered with garbage, and drains are choked. Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and the JMC CEO announced to hire an additional 3,000 temporary workers to clean the city. However, the act of cleaning has remained only on papers.\"I will make sure the public money is not wasted and payment is not made to these temporary workers,\" Soni said.The JMC employs 5,617 regular employees which includes sweepers. The total amount it spends to pay them per month stands at a staggering Rs 12 crore. To supervise them, 300 supervisors have been hired, which includes chief sanitary inspectors, sanitary inspectors, three health officers and one health commissioner.Besides, the regular expenses on lifting, transporting and dumping garbage are estimated at Rs 4-5 crore every month. Another 2,500 workers are employed through contractors on daily wages, the expenditure on which comes close to Rs 1.5 crore per month.The civic body has come under a lot of criticism delaying to start the door-to-door garbage collection system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16231537", "title": "Leander Paes in quarters of both men's doubles, mixed doubles", "text": "NEW YORK: Veteran Indian tennis star Leander Paes enjoyed an all-win outing to enter the quarterfinals of both the men's doubles and mixed doubles events but it was a mixed day for Sania Mirza in the season's last Grand Slam -- the US Open.Paes and his Czech men's doubles partner Radek Stepanek sailed into the last-eight stage after the fifth seeds defeated the American-Australian combination of the Jesse Levine and Marinko Matosevic 6-1 6-3.Paes and Stepanek will now face the third-seeded Swedish-Romanian pair of Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecau.The veteran then went on to register a hard-fought three-set win in the mixed doubles third round with Russian partner Elena Vesnina. The third-seeded Indo-Russian team rallied to beat unseeded Americans Abigail Spears and Scott Lipsky 4-6 6-4 1-0 (5).Paes and Vesnina will face seventh-seeded Czechs Lucie Hradecka and Frantisek Cermak.Sania Mirza too won her her mixed doubles third-round match with Brit partner Colin Fleming, whom she picked after ending her successful alliance with Mahesh Bhupathi before the event.Sania and Colin got the better of Americans Melanie Oudin and Jack Sock 6-4 7-6 (7) to enter the quarters, where they would be up against the fourth-seeded Czech-Polish pair of Kveta Peschke and Marcin Matkowski.But Sania's women's doubles campaign ended when the Indian and her American partner Bethanie Mattek-Sands lost to second-seeded Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci.The 13th seeds lost 4-6 7-6 (7) 3-6. Meanwhile, Mahesh Bhupathi's challenge in the event came to an end when the veteran and his Czech partner Andrea Hlavackova, seeded sixth, gave a walkover to Spaniards Nuria Llagostera Vives and David Marrero in the mixed doubles second round.Bhupathi had earlier bowed out of the men's doubles event in which he had teamed up with compatriot Rohan Bopanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226808", "title": "BEST commuters demand cashless facility at all depots in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters have asked the BEST administration to introduce cashless cards at all depots across the city.The transport undertaking had launched a prepaid RFID ( radio frequency identification) smartcard last month at Wadala depot on an experimental basis. \"Cashless cards can be used to buy tickets of any denomination, especially Rs 5, 7 and 12 for which bus conductors create a fuss and insist on small change,\" said BEST commuter Prakash Menon.Travellers have locked horns with conductors who insist they tender the exact fare. BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil said the administration will expedite the scheme's implementation in the island city and suburbs. \"Those who already have daily bus pass ID cards can use the same to top up any amount and use it for purchasing tickets,\" Patil added. According to sources, the process of launching the facility at other depots will begin from this month.\"Whenever a new system is introduced, we usually do it in phases,\" a BEST spokesperson said.\"In this case, we need to conduct trial runs at Wadala depot. Such an exercise will help us rectify any problems and streamline the process before it is launched at the other depots,\" he added.Transport activist Sunil Mone said the RFID card should be integrated with the smartcards of railways, mono and Metro rail to facilitate seamless travel.Meanwhile, the transport undertaking plans to introduce GPS system in all buses soon. Using an SMS alert system, passengers will be able to get the estimated time of arrival of the next bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16228991", "title": "Eye donor\u2019s photo only in staff area", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At a time when the WHO records a shortage of 70,000 corneas annually in the country, lack of motivation especially for the donors' family can prove to be a major roadblock. And this is what Gurmeet Anand, a Sector-15 resident, who donated her mother's eyes on June 30 at PGI's eye bank, feels. As a ritual, the eye bank displays photographs of the donors to encourage not only the onlookers for pledging their eyes, but also their relatives who are left with memories worthwhile.When the country is observing national fortnight on eye donation from August 25 to September 8 and motivating others to pledge eyes, Anand's do not have a very inspirational story to narrate. Gurmeet's mother's photo is exhibited in ICU's corner which is accessible only to staff members. The family has written to the director to do away with the practice as PGI cannot find space on the wall to adjust donors. Dismayed by the apathy shown towards her mother, Gurmeet has been sending reminders to PGI but all in vain.\"When my mother died while she was admitted at the respiratory ICU we agreed to her last wish of eye donation. Her photograph along with four other donors has been exhibited at a place where only PGI doctors have access. The photo is hanging in the portion of the ICU where only staff is allowed. I had written to the director suggesting that if they lack the space they should do away with the formality, or else display these at the ICU waiting hall where hundreds of patients visit daily.\"Countering the lack of space issue and allegations of not paying reverence to the donor, Dr Amit Gupta, in charge of eye bank at PGI said, \"We receive around 340 eyes annually and as a rule we ask for a digital photograph of the donors. In this particular case too we are in the process of displaying the photo in a light box, which will include 100 such donors but all these things take time. This awareness week we have decided to rotate the donor's photos biannually to give space to other donors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228876", "title": "Large weekend crowd a pleasant surprise for KSCA", "text": "BANGALORE: A Test match, that too one against New Zealand. No Rahul Dravid , no VVS Laxman. India had lost eight of the last nine Tests they played, all but one overseas.And yet, the crowds came in at the Chinnaswamy Stadium, around 7,000 on the opening day on Friday, 20,000 on Saturday and nearly 25,000 on Sunday, the third day of the Test, all but catching the hosting association, the KSCA, unawares.It wasn't bad in Hyderabad either for the opening Test despite the stadium being a good 20-km from town.Why this sudden interest you may wonder, after all so many Tests in recent years, even in places such as Kolkata, where Bangladesh could probably fill the ground at one time, have failed to attract decent audiences.Simple, this series had been planned around the weekend, as it is in many parts of the world, unless it is holiday season. The Hyderabad Test began on Thursday and the Bangalore game on Friday, just the ideal days to start matches. There were no Monday-Tuesday starts this time around and it paid off.And crowds are important, crucial even, as they are able to lift performances by their sheer presence. In India, unlike in the West Indies, there is too much noise for any meaningful advice to be offered, unsolicited of course, but when they are roaring for the home team or baying for the opposition, it does mean a lot to the players inside the arena.Ask Virat Kohli if you want an insider's view point. \"It's very important for cricketers to have people supporting you,\" said Sunday's centurion at the post-match conference.\"Even if you play in a country outside India, and the crowd is not supporting you but you see a lot of people come in, you always feel that people are really keen and they're watching and appreciating what you're doing,\" he added.\"Even in Hyderabad we had really good crowds, so it was very pleasing to see both these venues having big crowds coming in for the Test matches. As a cricketer you always feel nice when people come out and support you and cheer for your team.It could help you in situations where things are not going right for you, you get one wicket and the crowd's behind you, things could turn around pretty quickly.And the opposition feels the pressure as well, so it's always good to have big crowds in stadiums,\" he concluded.Hopefully the BCCI will take note of all this and make similar plans for the series against England next and Australia later. Both are four-Test series, so the planning will be that much tougher but there simply should be no compromise on a Thursday or Friday start. That way Test cricket can continue to thrive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16228450", "title": "GSPCB, mines department inspect mine for violations", "text": "KERI: Acting on the complaint lodged by environment activist Ramesh Gauns, officials of mines and geology department, and also of the Goa state pollution control board, conducted separate inspections at a mine at south Maulinguem last week.Speaking to TOI, Gauns alleged, \"When GSPCB officials visited the mining leases at south Maulinguem, machinery was in operation, as well as trucks and tippers were seen. The operations are illegal as the consents granted for these mines expired on July 31. They should not undertake any activity without the required consent.\" GSPCB inspected the mine on Friday.Mines manager Ulhas Kerkar was present during the inspection of the leases. He said, \"We are involved in clearing some vegetation. There is no deforestation taking place.\"Gauns said, \"During the inspection, four machines were found operating in the mining leases. There was destruction of reforested patch which was claimed by the company as converted into model reclaimed mine.\"Gauns was referring to a souvenir, published in January 2012, where the company, referring to the mine in question, claimed, \"Under Sankhali management plan total area will be utilized for butterfly Park, aromatic garden, bamboo and rattan arboretum, bird watching centre and bamboo pavilion. This mine after natural resources exhaustion has been converted into a model reclaimed mine.\"Though mines and geology department officials too conducted an inspection earlier and were due to submit the report of their findings by August 29, sources said the report is yet to be finalized.In his complaint Gauns has requested the authorities to take serious action to verify the amount of material lifted from the dumps, when the new state mining policy is yet to be finalized.GSPCB officials, environment engineer Pravin Phaldesai, senior laboratory assistant Prissca Borges, field assistant Chandrashekhar Parab, were present for the inspection along with Gauns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16227300", "title": "3 more dengue deaths take toll in Kolkata to 16", "text": "KOLKATA: Dengue death toll in the city went up to 16, with three more deaths reported since Saturday night. While nine-year-old Daniel Gomes, a resident of Bhukailash Road in Ekbalpore, died at the Chittaranjan Shishu Sadan on Saturday night, an 11-year-old Adrita Sammadar of Ballygunge died at a private nursing home in Gorky Terrace on the same day. The latest death was reported from Salt Lake, where one Amit Mondal died at a private nursing home on Sunday evening.Admitted to Shishu Sadan with high fever and other dengue symptoms on Thursday, Gomes died late on Saturday.The state government, however, has put the dengue death toll at three. \"We have got reports that three dengue patients have died, while another 600 are affected in the state,\" minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya told reporters in Burdwan.\"All hospitals and municipalities have been alerted over the outbreak of the disease,\" the minister added. Refuting allegations that the government is trying to suppress the figures of dengue affected people, Bhattacharya said: \"This is not true and Congress is confusing everyone with the numbers game. The government is handling the situation with utmost sincerity. But others are playing unnecessary politics over it,\" Bhattacharya added.The twin deaths were followed by a protest rally at Ekbalpore, where the local Congress staged a roadblock. They alleged that the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials are not doing enough to check the outbreak. State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said: \"It is unfortunate that the government has not been able to do its duty to control the spread of the disease. It should work on a war-footing.\" He also alleged that hospitals have been told not to mention dengue in the reports of the patients. \"The state is trying to hide facts. It should tackle the situation immediately,\" he alleged.Hundreds have been affected by dengue in Ekbalpore since August. Stung by criticism, KMC has decided to publish a white paper on dengue. It is likely to be published on Tuesday, said Atin Ghosh, MMiC (health) at KMC. \"We are updating our records regularly on the basis of information received from the hospitals. Cases of dengue and deaths occurring in the areas around the city are being included as well. There is no question of suppressing the numbers of the affected,\" said Ghosh.Official reports pegged the number of persons afflicted by dengue at 269 in the past 24 hours. The official records also said that 1,160 persons have been affected since August 21. This is a steep rise considering 172 were reported affected on August 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16235209", "title": "65-year-old commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: An elderly man was found hanging in a room inside a factory premises in Pukhrayan under Bhognipur Kotwali police station of Kanpur Dehat on Sunday.The victim, identified as Ved Prakash Sachan (65), was a resident of Jawahar Nagar at Pukrayan and was a factory worker. He reportedly committed suicide after reaching factory on Sunday morning by hanging himself to a ceiling fan in a room in the factory premises. Police said no suicide note has been found but as per victims kin, he was suffering from some kind of chronic disease. His body was sent to hospital for post-mortem. The police have registered a case and begun further probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16228109", "title": "BJP to hold rally on April 15", "text": "PATNA: The BJP will hold a state-level meeting on April 15 as Plan A of its preparations for the next parliamentary elections likely to be held in 2014.The party's Plan-B depends on the unfolding of the future political scenario in the country. Its senior partner in the state NDA, the JD(U) has already embarked on its preparations for what has been called Adhikar Rally to be held here on November 4.As far as the issue of national BJP leadership is concerned, by April 15 much of the clouds hanging over the party's future course anchoring it on Gujarat CM Narendra Modi would be cleared after the assembly elections in Gujarat scheduled to be held in December.On Sunday, the state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur ducked queries regarding the likely participation of Narendra Modi in the April 15 rally, saying that who among the party's top leaders from outside Bihar would participate in the rally would be decided by the party's national general secretary, in charge Bihar affairs, in consultation with the other top brass. \"It is JD(U) that has given him (Narendra Modi) more advertisement!\" Dr Thakur quipped, also adding that he - for that matter, his party - had not attached much significance to the results of the recent opinion polls on the assessment of political leaders touted to be possible prime ministerial candidates, either from the UPA or NDA side.The takes and readings of political parties and leaders on Modi notwithstanding, when asked if he really believed that not even one-third of the people of Bihar were well inclined towards Modi as prime ministerial candidate, Dr Thakur said: \"Predictions being made today were not relevant. If at all, the predictions made towards the end of next year would have any value and some credible ring about them.\" Obviously, the Plan-B of the BJP with regard to its likely mascot of mass leader or crowd-puller Modi could be out in the open only next year, and most expectedly, around April. Incidentally, Modi last visited the state and also addressed a rally here at Gandhi Maidan in June 2010, during the party's two-day national executive meet. The visit was not without its share of unsavoury fallout.As for the present, the state BJP leaders are set to put the party on a high pitch. The state BJP's Hindutva hawk, mass mobilizer and health minister, Ashwini Kumar Choubey, who was an aspirant for the post of state BJP chief in 2009, accompanied Dr Thakur. Others present included state coordinators of its mass rallies Mangal Pandey (MLC) and Rajendra Gupta (ex-MLC), among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16234000", "title": "State will be illicit liquor-free in two months: Renukacharya", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka will be illicit distilled (ID) liquor centres-free in the next two months. As against a total of 2,098 such identified centres across the state as per a survey carried out by the department of excise in 2007, their numbers presently stand at 93, said minister for excise MP Renukacharya on Saturday. The department has embarked on a clear cut mission to eradicate such centres and as a result of continuous raids, their numbers have come down, Renukacharya told reporters after reviewing the performance of Mangalore division of the department.Awareness programmes carried out by officials on perils of consuming liquor brewed at such centres too have helped, he said. In Mangalore division, there are four such centres - two each in Sagar and Soraba taluks in Shimoga district.Lauding the department officials for ensuring good performance on the revenue side, he said, the department in the current financial year as on August 30, netted Rs 4,634.71 crore against the annual target of Rs 11,200 crore, an increase of 21.06% amounting to Rs 806.15 crore. The department collected Rs 9827.89 crore by way of revenue in 2011-12 against the target of Rs 9,200 crore, an increase of 6.82% amounting to surplus accrual of Rs 627.89 crore.\"We are assiduously following up on cases involving habitual individual offenders in illicit liquor manufacturing and distribution trade,\" he said, citing the case of Girish Ganiga of Kundapur in Udupi district. \"The accused from whom the department officials on July 24 recovered 10 litres of foreign liquor, 128 empty bottles of foreign liquor and other material has obtained anticipatory bail. Efforts are on to get the bail cancelled,\" he said.The department across Karnataka during the current fiscal has carried out 20,854 raids, filed 3,587 cases, arrested 2,236 accused, seized 113 different types of vehicles and recovered 77,901.02 litres of spirit, 32,095.4 litres of fenny/beer, 22,024 litres of rectified spirit, 135.05 litres of arrack, 3,394.8 litres of ID liquor and 54,699.27 litres of fermented jaggery wash, the minister said.KC Haridas, joint commissioner, Mangalore division, was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16232167", "title": "Municipal councillor seeking hundred percent free vaccination to dog bite victims", "text": "CHANDIGARH : As Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has recently decided to give 80 percent vaccination charges to dog bite victims, a municipal councillor said that the civic body authority should pay hundred percent charges, as many time it has been seen that poor people are failed to get proper treatment due to costly vaccination.The issue was raised by municipal councillor from BJP Arun Sood in the monthly general house meeting and following which municipal commissioner decided to review the earlier taken decision in this regard.Giving his view in the monthly house meeting, BJP councillor Arun Sood said, \"The civic body authority has completely failed to find solution to control stray dogs those have been biting the public on daily basis. If we failed on this front than we should defiantly take responsibility to provide free vaccination to the dog bite victims and as mostly poor people become victims to stray dogs, we should provide hundred percent free vaccination to them by keeping separate annual budget for this purpose\",Giving the reply municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said that we can defiantly look into the matter, but for this purpose the authority will defiantly have to increase their budget and it can be done with the approval of the general house only.Now the matter will come in coming meeting for detailed discussion and opinion of each member of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16231788", "title": "Garhwa civic body serves 48-hr ultimatum over poor power supply", "text": "Garhwa: The local civic body has served a 48-hour ultimatum to the superintendent engineer of Garhwa electricity supply division K B Singh asking him to improve power supply failing which he will face an agitation.Normal life in the district has been disrupted for the past one week because of acute power shortage leading to scarcity of drinking water. The frequent power cuts have also made life unbearable for people in the scorching heat. Businesses, too, are suffering.Officials of the electricity department are blaming the Rehla grid for the crisis.Assistant engineer of Garhwa electricity department Anup Kumar said, \"The district was receiving 6 MW of power supply from Rehla grid as against the required 15 MW.\"Garhwa civic body chairperson Anita Dutta and vice-chairman Alakh Nath Pandey along with ward councilors had approached Singh on Saturday demanding an improvement in the power situation. They threatened to lock up the electricity office if there was no improvement in the situation in the town .Pandey even blamed that the power department officials for laxity while on duty line while on duty.\"We will not accept any more excuses. Garhwa residents want 24- hour uninterrupted power supply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16228642", "title": "Ashwin helps India hit back after Southee heroics", "text": "BANGALORE: After yet another thrilling day's play, a day made better by the presence of a near 25,000-strong Sunday crowd, the second and final Test is poised such that it could still go either way.With runs on the board, the lead having swelled to 244 at close on the third day, if at all one team has the slight upper hand, it has to be New Zealand but the Indians could change that with a couple of good partnerships when their turn comes to bat a second time.It has been that sort of a Test, one that has tested the resolve of both sides to sneak ahead only for the other to catch up.The Kiwis, having closed the day on 232 for 9, have a mere wicket in the bag, four less than the Indians had at the beginning of the brightest day so far in the game, one that allowed most of the action to be played out under natural light.India's overnight batsmen duly got past their individual landmarks, Virat Kohli getting to his hundred with the last ball of the first over with the second new ball, while Dhoni had gone past 50 with the first ball of the same over.But both soon fell to New Zealand's standout bowler Tim Southee , Kohli going first, immediately after his second Test century (103, 284m, 193b, 14x4, 1x6) when he chose to leave a ball headed straight to the stumps to be caught plumb in front.He was struck outside off but since he hadn't attempted to use his bat, Steve Davis was quick to raise his finger.With Dhoni (62, 170m, 94b, 8x4, 2x6) it wasn't such a straightforward decision but to umpire Davis' enormous credit, he picked up on the fact that the incoming ball struck the pad first before hitting the bat.Thereafter, only R Ashwin, also India's bowling hero later on, offered any resistance, even farming the strike with last man Umesh Yadav for as many as 44 minutes as the pair added a crucial 33, one that helped India reach 353 and keep the lead down to 12.Yadav made four of those 33 runs but Ashwin, who contributed an unbeaten 32 (72m, 40b, 5x4), took the batting form into his bowling and pegged the Kiwis back with his third five-wicket haul from four innings in this series.Southee (7 for 64), who save for Yadav's, picked the other four wickets in a second new ball spell of 8-2-28-4, ended up with the best innings haul by a Kiwi on Indian soil but then wasn't allowed to enjoy the feat for too long as he was back with the bat late in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234848", "title": "Cold war continues in Kuch Toh Log Kahenge!", "text": "In the upcoming episodes of Kuch Toh Log Kahenge on SONY Entertainment Television, a worried Dr. Ashutosh tries to get in touch with Nidhi as Dadi bua (Kavita Vaid) asks him to bring her back home.But Nidhi ( Kritika Kamra) has not informed anyone that she is going to the hospital. The cold war between Ashutosh ( Sharad Kelkar) and Nidhi continues as they refuse to speak to one another on their way back home from the hospital. Further more, when Nidhi meets Amar (Dheeraj Dhoopar) he is completely enchanted by Nidhi's beauty and tries to flirt with her. Ashutosh unknowingly walks in the midst of their conversation and looks very upset. The question is, how will Ashutosh react to Amar's behaviour?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16227882", "title": "Getting cellphones, drugs easy in Punjab jails", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The inmates of Punjab jails seem to enjoy easy access to anything they want, be it cellphones, SIM cards or drugs.Information accessed under the RTI Act reveals that 237 cellphones, 150 activated SIM cards, over 17,052 intoxicants, including tablets and capsules, and 5kg opium, were recovered from over 500 inmates in seven jails of the state between 2009 and 2011.The maximum number of cellphones - 55 out of 237 - was recovered from Central Jail, Bathinda. Cops also found 51 cellphones and 22 activated SIM cards from the maximum security jail in Nabha, which houses the most dreaded terrorists. It was recently in the news when militants lodged there were found to have been making international calls.It is equally easy for inmates of juvenile homes to access cellphones and drugs. The detection of 51 cellphones, 2,000 narco capsules, 300gm charas and seven packets of tobacco from inmates of a juvenile home in Ludhiana bears this out.Though concerned jail authorities informed the local police about this, FIRs were registered in only a handful of cases.The RTI query also revealed that eight police officials of different jails are facing departmental inquiries for negligence in frisking, which makes it easier to transport objectionable objects inside jails.ADGP (prisons), Punjab, RP Meena, said, \"District police officials are informed about all recoveries of objectionable things from jail inmates. We are also studying the module of jails of other states like Delhi and Maharashtra to stem the flow.\"He added, \"I have taken charge of the prison department recently and am studying these cases very closely.\"Figure it outJail-------------------------------------Cellphone-----------NarcoticsCentral jail Bathinda --------------55---------------------1kg opium,10,000 capsulesCentral Jail Ferozepur-------------56---------------------42gm smack, 1,000 capsulesDistrict Jail Nabha------------------51---------------------100 tabletsDistrict jail Hoshiarpur------------18---------------------50gmcharas, 1,874 capsulesDistrict jail Rupnagar--------------03---------------------38 tablets", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16228470", "title": "22-year-old booked for rape of minor in Vasco", "text": "VASCO: A 22-year-old youth from Shantinagar was taken into seven days police remand by Vasco police for raping a minor girl from his ward in December last year.PSI Nikhil Palyekar said that the victim was scared and didn't reveal it to anybody, neither her parents when the incident took place.On Saturday evening, the brother of the minor girl, Parshuram Harijan, lodged a FIR at Vasco police station, complaining about the rape of his minor sister. Acting on the information, police arrested Devendra Chalwadi, a casual labourer by profession, residing in the vicinity of her house. \"As the girl was working in Old Goa and staying there, it took some time for her to mentally get prepared before consulting a NGO,\" Palyekar said.As soon as the family were aware about it, they informed the police. Vasco police has arrested Chalwadi under Section 376 of IPC and 8 (2) of Goa Children's Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16232336", "title": "Youths wings of Congress and BJP are playing crucial role in byelections", "text": "CHANDIGARH : As the campaign for byelection of ward number 7 of Municipal Corporation has kicked-off by both Congress and BJP, have given major assignments to their youth wings including gathering maximum crowd in public meetings. On one side where youth congress members have formulated their sub committees, other side Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha -BJYM- making maximum connective to the resident of ward number 7.Recently, both of the youth wings held public meetings also, where they tried to gather the support of youngsters of the ward. Congress was giving the promises of overall development in the municipal ward, whereas BJP is targeting the Congress led UPA government in the centre through corruption and many other issues.The ward number 7 seat got vacate around four months age due to the death of BJP councillor in the road accident.Presently, the 26 member MC house has 11 each members of Congress and BJP-SAD alliance, while BSP has two seats and one seat was won by independent candidate. Therefore the by poll are crucial for both Congress and BJP and therefore both of the political parties are not leaving any chance to clinch the seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16228401", "title": "Burglars strike at three houses", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars struck at a house in Madhavaram and two in Puzhal, and escaped with about 50 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 1 lakh in cash on Saturday night.At Madhavaram, burglars decamped with 28 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 30,000 in cash from the house of Lakshmanan, a transport firm owner. He and his family had gone to watch a movie.In an incidents in Puzhal, burglars ransacked the house of a software engineer and made away with 20 sovereigns of gold jewellery. Balaji and his wife had gone to Perambur when their house was targeted . Another victim in Puzhal was a family of a bank manager Sachidanandam. He had gone to Puducherry, when the house was broken into. It was his neighbour who noticed the lock to the house broken and informed police. The exact value of stolen items has not yet been ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16228190", "title": "After November 4, rally in Delhi in March: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will kick-start his 'Adhikar' (rights) yatra from Bettiah on September 19 and round it off on October 14 after covering 32 districts and attending Adhikar Sammelan in every district. He will travel by road and even though there is no model code of conduct restrictions, he will not utilize official vehicle and other logistics.Nitish will mobilize public support for Adhikar rally to be held at Gandhi Maidan here on November 4 to press the Centre to concede Bihar's demand for special category status.\"The proposed rally is receiving overwhelming support of the masses and their participation will prove that their demand for special category status is from the core of their hearts,\" he said on Sunday at the JD(U) office. This will be JD(U)'s first-ever rally since the party came to power in November 2005.\"After this rally, we will move to Delhi and hold rally there in March next. The rallies will highlight the injustice to the state and the demand for redressal of various issues,\" said Nitish, adding the party's mission would continue till the main demand is met.The CM clarified that he would neither use official car nor the circuit houses in the state during his Adhikar yatra, even though he is entitled to utilize them in his capacity as chief minister. All the logistic support would be provided by the party workers since it is not a government programme.However, he said he would be performing his duty as CM. In between September 19 and October 14, he would break the yatra for a few days three times and return to state capital.Nitish will left for Bettiah on September 18 and start his yatra the next day. He will visit Motihari, Gopalganj, Siwan, Chhapra, Hajipur, Muzaffarpur, Sitamarhi, Sheohar and Madhubani before returning to Patna on September 23.He will resume the yatra from September 26 to 30 and cover Darbhanga, Samastipur, Begusarai, Khagaria, Saharsa, Madhepura, Supaul, Araria and Kishanganj. Again, from October 5, he will proceed to Purnia and cover Katihar, Bhagalpur, Banka, Jamui, Munger, Nawada, Gaya and Aurangabad. In the last phase, he will cover Sasaram, Kaimur, Buxar and Ara on October 13-14.He said dates for his visit to five more districts - Patna, Nalanda, Lakhisarai, Sheikhpura, Jehanabad and Arwal - would be finalized later.\"The JD(U) has launched a mission and will take it to its logical conclusion. Special category status is now a public demand and people have realized that without this privilege, the state cannot progress,\" he said while referring to party's campaign to collect 1.25 crore signatures and unanimous resolutions passed by the state legislature in favour of the demand.State party chief Vashisht Narayan Singh and minister of water resources department Vijay Kumar Choudahry, who is also convener of the rally, informed media about the preparations and block level Adhikar rallies.The CM also held a meeting with the party leaders and workers to take feedback of the rally preparation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16226837", "title": "'No provision to repair private buildings'", "text": "JAIPUR: In a paradox of sorts, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation does not have any plans for restoration of Walled City. This is despite the area having the maximum number of tourist footfalls.According to JMC officials, there are nearly 18 dilapidated buildings in east and 37 buildings in the west zones of Hawa Mahal area that have been declared unsafe.Director, law, Ashok Singh said, \"According to the Rajasthan Municipal Act, the municipality is empowered to demolish these buildings if they are about to collapse as per the analysis of engineers. As these buildings are private there is no provision of restoration.\"Since these buildings are occupied, the civic agency issues notices to the owners to avert tragedy from the collapse of the buildings. The act says the municipality shall also cause notice in writing to the owner or occupier, requiring such owners forthwith repair such buildings and if such owner does not begin to repair within three days, the municipality can bring down the building.\"Most of these buildings have family dispute or are occupied by tenants. They oppose demolition. Despite issuing notices to repair the buildings, the owners do not take warning seriously and do not want to put money in the repair of disputed property,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16229167", "title": "150 Indian students in Britain may be sent home soon", "text": "LONDON: An estimated 150 Indian students out of a total of 600 impacted in some form could be in danger of immediate deportation from Britain after the immigration authority, the United Kingdom Border Agency , revoked London Metropolitan University's licence to admit or teach anyone from outside the European Union .Legal experts believe LMU, the first British university to be stripped of its right to sponsor foreign student visas , is bound to challenge UKBA's order in court. Its chancellor Malcolm Gillies confirmed the university has sought legal advice on the matter.However, pupils who did not possess valid student visas will be served with orders to leave Britain immediately.A UKBA enforcement team thinks up to 500 of the nearly 3,000 overseas students affected by the action against LMU fall into the category of having no right to be enrolled at this university. A UKBA source told media, \"They either have lapsed student visas, the wrong type of visas that don't allow them to study here or are studying without any visas.\"The source warned, \"Some will be raided, detained and removed, others will be firmly asked to leave or risk being thrown out.\" It is also unclear whether LMU will refund fees to the de-recognised students. It is said to be consulting lawyers on how much it is obliged to pay.Students who don't fall foul of the visa regime have been granted 60 days to find places at other British universities . Gillies said LMU would lose nearly \u00a330 million in tuition fees without non-EU students.The diplomatic mission has posted an advisory on its website \u2014 www.hcilondon .in \u2014 asking concerned students to get in touch for assistance . It reiterated to TOI it is ready to take up cudgels for those who have done nothing wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234759", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor on Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah", "text": "Bollywood heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor recently visited the sets of SAB TV's 'Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah' to solve the problems of Gokuldham Society.Ranbir met the queen of dandiya, Daya Ben along with her husband Jethalal ( Dilip Joshi) at Gokuldham society. The talented actor went back very impressed with the genuine ideas of dealing with the anti-social elements suggested by all the ladies of the Gokuldham society. \"I am happy to be a part of the show that brings smile on everyone's face. It is so difficult to keep spreading smile day after day. However, I am very upset with Daya Ben because she did not feed me phafdaa &amp; jalebi but she has promised me that she will give me a treat next time,\" commented Ranbir. Disha Wakani was elated after meeting Ranbir and said, \"I could not even teach him garba properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16229231", "title": "Old Noida Extention buyers to stall sale of new units", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida Extension have threatened that they will not allow those developers to book new housing units who have been randomly cancelling bookings of old buyers and demanding hiked rates from them.Buyers alleged that some developers have been illegally sending cancellation letters, particularly after the clearance of the Greater Noida Master Plan 2012 by the NCR Planning Board.For the first time after the plan was cleared, hundreds of homebuyers attended a general body meeting organized by Noida Extension Flat Owners Welfare Association (NEFOWA ) at the roundabout in Noida Extension on Sunday. Buyers visited offices of several developers to inform them of intensified protests ahead if unethical demands made on old investors were not withdrawn.The buyers said they are miffed over the fact that few developers have resorted to hiking rates for existing buyers once the master plan was cleared. \"Under no circumstances will we be able to pay hiked rates since we have already exhausted our savings . We will oppose hikes vehemently and ensure that developers who had promised no hikes for existing buyers abide by their words,\" said president of NEFOWA, Abhisek Kumar.\"We will discourage new buyers from investing in projects of developers who are making unethical demands. We have apprised developers that we will intensify our protests if such demands are not withdrawn,\" added Kumar.Soon after the master plan was cleared, Greater Noida Authority, which has promised a 'zero-interest period' on developers for the time that construction was in limbo in Noida Extension, had requested developers not to burden existing buyers with hiked rates. \"Despite this, some developers have decided to hike rates. Bookings continue to be cancelled by many developers on flimsy pretexts ,\" said Chetan Tyagi, a homebuyer.The old investors said they would meet top officials of CREDAI as well as with the CEO of Greater Noida Authority next week to ask for their intervention in resolving these contentious issues with developers. Developers have, meanwhile, said that no cancellation of bookings would be done of those homebuyers who have abided by the terms and conditions of their agreements with their respective builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16232488", "title": "Conjunctivitis cases on the rise", "text": "BHOPAL: Conjunctivitis or pink eye cases are on the rise in the city as the following sudden variation in weather with high humidity levels and the maximum temperature jumping up a few degrees Celsius. The eye flu is sending a slew of patients running to ophthalmology clinics.\"To prevent the infection keep your eyes clean by washing them three to four times a day with clean water,\" said Dr KK Agarwal, ophthalmologist at JP hospital, which has witnessed a near doubling of cases in the last week.Although the eye flu is completely curable, it may affect the cornea permanently if not treated on time. Formation of dot-like spots on the cornea (the dome-shaped window covering the front of the eye, with a powerful refracting surface that provides 2/3rd of the eye's focusing power) could translate into permanent opacities, said experts.\"The treatment of the infectious conjunctivitis includes use of antibiotics including anti-bacterial, anti-fungal and anti-viral drugs depending on the type of infection,\" said Dr Agarwal. Experts say that once infected it could take up to a week be completely cured.The symptomsSymptoms include redness of the eyes, watering, itching, difficulty in keeping eyes open, intolerance to bright light, irritation and swelling of eyelids.Preventive stepsClean your eyes four times a day with clean waterDo not use towels used by othersDo not shake hands with persons suffering from conjunctivitisAvoid touching eyes directlyIf infected, immediately start broad spectrum antibiotic eye drops", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16232742", "title": "Delnaz's tea fixation", "text": "Actor Delnaaz Irani, who has returned to the small screen with Kya Huya Tera Vaada has developed a fascination for gardening it seems.And her linking is especially for lemon grass and tea leaves which she grows in her little garden besides other plants. For the bubbly actor, plants are a source of positivity apart from oxygen provider.And this is not all. She is known among her friends as the 'best tea maker in the city'. The secret behind the 'best beverage' which she prepares, is the tea leaves grown all by herself and a hint of lemon grass added to it. However, she makes sure that she doesn't give out the recipe.\"My tea is said to be a drink to die for by my friends,\" the actor gushes. \"The tea that I make for my friends and family members is special. They prefer having them in big glasses and mugs. I use the lemon grass, which I grow myself, in my tea. And when I pluck them from my own plant I get an extra satisfaction,\" Delnaz shares.Delnaz is also a multi-tasker. \"It is a way of life and I prefer doing my own things rather than depending on my maids for a cup of tea. Moreover, it gives you intense satisfaction when you treat your guests yourself and get all the credit,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16228146", "title": "Patna College paralyzed", "text": "PATNA: What has gone wrong with Patna College, one of the oldest institutions of higher education in the eastern region? The college, which is celebrating its 150th anniversary this year, is virtually paralyzed for the past one-and-a-half month owing to the agitation launched by a section of students.The trouble in the college started as soon as the authorities announced a new policy for the allotment of seats to students in its different hostels in the new academic session which commenced in July. However, protesting against this new arrangement, the volunteers of two student organizations, namely All India Students' Federation (AISF) and All India Students' Association (AISA), organized fast and dharnas both at the college level and the university level. Besides paralyszng the activities of the college and the university, they also went on fast unto deathPatna College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh and some other teachers met PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh here on Sunday and discussed the issue in detail. They sought the cooperation of PU authorities in restoring academic normalcy in the college.PU VC, when contacted, said that he was already seized with the problem and was busy finding some solution. He, however, regretted that the university is not getting the desired cooperation from Patna district administration. Otherwise, how could a handful of students paralyse the functioning of the college, he added.The principal said the agitating students had grabbed all the hostels of the college and were not allowing the genuine allottees to occupy their seats in different hostels. Besides, they have also written anti-VC and anti-principal slogans on the campus walls. He said the college teachers would also have to come forward and convince the agitating students about the desirability of creating a peaceful environment on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16228034", "title": "Narendra Modi slams Centre for sluggish growth", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday slammed the Congress-led UPA government and \" dynastic rule\" for the tardy pace of development in the country.\"Rather than taking things forward, the UPA government has actually wasted a decade. The plane of UPA's economic policies, instead of taking off, has actually crash-landed,\" Modi said, while addressing Gujarati diaspora in the US through videoconferencing. The three-day World Gujarati Conference, 'Chaalo Gujarat', is being held in Edison, New Jersey. Organized by Association of Indian Americans of North America (AIANA), the conference was attended by eminent Gujaratis from various walks of life, besides members of Indian diaspora who had gathered to listen to the Modi.Modi called upon the NRG community to go beyond casteist and petty politicking in democratic elections and urged them to support development initiatives. He said that Gujarat had registered several development-related achievements during the past decade. He said that the state's development-oriented image was the result of people's participation and the state government's ability to work with the masses as a \"sewak\" and not just a ruler.Taking a dig at the Gandhi family, Modi said dynasty rule was a big impediment for growth in India. \"These youngsters who make India proud overseas with their knowledge and skills don't belong to any dynasty but are rising because of their talents,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16228421", "title": "Bail plea of Alagiri\u2019s son to come up in court on Tuesday", "text": "MADURAI: The bail plea of Dayanidhi Alagiri, Union minister M K Alagiri'son, will come up for hearing before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday in connection with the multi-crore high-voltage illegal granite mining case.Dayanidhi Alagiri is one among a dozen people named by the Madurai district police and is wanted in connection with a quarrying case for his admitted association with a suspect mining firm.While DMK leaders cried foul and pointed out that he ceased to be associated with Olympus Granites in 2010 itself, the police have denied any witch-hunting. They said that the fraud was happening even before 2010.Given the fact that the anticipatory bail plea of Alagiri's son is coming up before the court for the first time on September 4, it is unlikely that the courts will pass any interim orders any time soon.Not just Dayanidhi Alagiri, the anticipatory relief prospects of any accused person in the unfolding granite mining scam is rather bleak, as arrests are still being made and names of officials and miners continue to be included by the police. It is a thumb rule in criminal jurisprudence that so long as all the suspects are not arrested, anticipatory bail is hardly considered for some among the accused.The magnitude of loss, gravity of the offence, new arrests being made and new cases being registered, besides the fact that none of the arrested has got bail so far and that many more are still at large, would all indicate that the junior Alagiri and other similarly-placed persons must brace themselves for a rather long and arduous legal battle ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16232022", "title": "Offering good package, foreign language courses in demand", "text": "VARANASI: Students pursuing foreign languages from Banaras Hindu University (BHU) are in great demand when it comes to job opportunities.\"After completing bachelor degree in any foreign language like French, Chinese or German, students are getting good salary package of 3.4 to 5 lakhs offered by several leading multinational companies of India\", informed head, department of foreign languages, faculty of Arts, BHU, Prof Kamal Sheel.According to him, the trend has started setting for last five to six years. \"Globalisation is increasing leading to increase in opportunities in multi national companies specially IT-industry. In such a situation, the role of a language interpreter, translators, analyst, communicator is very vital thus paving way for those having a degree or diploma in the particular language\", he shared. In fact the alluring job offers are attracting students to such an extent that there is a scarcity of students going for higher education in their respective language. \"The job offers require good communication skill in the language, which seems creative, non-tedious and are so well paid that students are developing a craze for getting jobs over going for higher studies. One begins to read, write and communicate well in his or her chosen foreign language after a diploma or bachelor's degree. At master's level, the course content is full of literature, and very few students want to pursue it. At present there are two-three scholars pursuing research, else 95 percent of the students get ready to embark on work after pursuing BA. Most of the students are placed in cities like Banglore, Chennai, Pune, Hyderabad known for strong IT base.According to Alok, who is pursuing part time course in French language, having learnt an extra language add extra marks to the resume and such people are preferred by the company to go abroad.Since all leading companies have started their venture in China, plenty of job opportunities await for students pursuing Chinese language. Very recently, a company arrived to hire 250 people from across the country and it hired almost 50 students from BHU. Apart from that there are collaborations of the department with other countries, which is not only promoting the language but also selecting students for foreign language scholarships to China, Japan, Spain and Poland.Notably, according to the annual report of the university 2010-2011, new MoUs have also been signed with foreign universities like Beijing University of Foreign Studies, Beijing Language and Culture University, University of Gothenberg, Sweden.Globalisation is increasing leading to increase in opportunities in multi national companies. In such a situation, the role of a language interpreter, translators, analyst, communicator is very vital thus paving way for those having a degree or diploma in particular language. Kamal Sheel | head, department of foreign languages, faculty of arts, bhu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16232368", "title": "Woman dies after birth control surgery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman who had approached a hospital for a permanent birth control or tube occlusion surgery allegedly died after the procedure. The issue has erupted into a controversy and an FIR against the hospital authorities has been registered at Chiloda police station in Gandhinagar.A tubal occlusion is a simple operation that closes the tubes between the ovaries and the uterus. This operation is sometimes called sterilization or \"tube tying.\" When the tubes are closed, sperm cells from a man cannot reach the eggs in a woman's body. It takes 30 to 45 minutes for this surgery and a few hours of rest before the patient is allowed to go home.Ranjan Bhihola, from Ratanpur village had approached the hospital run by a trust in Ishanpur village. Bhihola was given sleep inducing drugs initially. After sometime the surgery turned serious and Bhihola's relatives were asked to immediately take her to the civil hospital in Gandhinagar. Here she was pronounced dead after Bhihola battled for her life. A panel of doctors conducted post mortem and submitted a report to the Chiloda police. The police has assured that the guilty will be arrested based on the panel doctor's report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16226702", "title": "AAI plans to shut Juhu runway to help builders", "text": "MUMBAI: The secondary runway at Juhu airport will be closed down if a group of officials in the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and the ministry of civil aviation have their way. The plan is audacious because it will render the airport useless at times when the main runway of Chhatrapati Shivaji International (CSI) Airport becomes unoperational. Sources said the development is the product of collusion between aviation officials and influential builders.Juhu airport includes the country's busiest heliport for offshore operations. It is closed at night, but handles 60-70 landings and takeoffs by helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft between sunrise and sunset. \"Thus, even a day's closure would mean huge losses to oil companies, most of all to ONGC, which is the biggest user of the airport,\" said a helicopter pilot. \"If the secondary runway is decommissioned, Juhu airport's fate will entirely depend on which runway is in use at CSI owing to approach paths of aircraft.\"The first step towards closing down the runway was taken in May 2011, a source said. \"A month later, AAI started issuing no-objection certificates to a few developers, allowing them to increase the height of buildings that lie along the approach path of the secondary runway.\"The idea to close down the runway was mentioned in a report by AAI's executive director (air-traffic control) J S Negi. The report, presented on May 6, 2011, was accepted the same day by AAI's appellate committee, which is headed by a joint secretary from the ministry of civil aviation and is responsible for NOCs on the matter of increasing heights of buildings that are around airports. The plan was reiterated in AAI reports and file notings that followed, on the grounds that the runway was not in use. \"What hints at wrongdoing is that this contention was reversed when the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) carried out an inspection of the airport in December 2011. During the inspection, AAI officials said both runways were in use,\" said a source. DGCA officials noted that the condition of the secondary runway was bad. So, upon renewing Juhu's airport licence in February 2012, the DGCA laid the condition that AAI should resurface the runway. AAI later told the DGCA the work would be completed by December 2014. \"Obviously, the plan to close down Juhu's secondary runway is contrary to the DGCA's direction,\" said a source.What is the Juhu-CSI connection and why are flight operations at the two airports interdependent? \"Juhu airport is located less than two km from CSI. The runways of both airports are laid out identically. This means that when during emergency or repairs, Mumbai airport moves flight operations to its secondary runway, Juhu is forced to do likewise. This is to prevent an overlap of approach paths of aircraft,\" said an expert.Last September, when a Turkish Airways plane skid off the main runway at CSI and got stuck in sludge, the runway was closed for three days, and all aircraft took-off from and landed on the secondary runway. \"During this period, at Juhu airport, too, all flights operated from the secondary runway. If this runway is permanently closed, no flight operations will be possible at Juhu at times of crisis on the main runway at CSI.\"AAI does not have a spokesperson. Officials TOI spoke to refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16226957", "title": "Vocational courses at school level", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government is set to launch a project, under which students at the school level would be trained in vocational courses.The project, to be run under National Vocational Education and Qualification Framework, would be inaugurated by union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal and chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda in Gurgaon on Monday.Eight districts of the state have been selected for the project and five schools in each district are going to come under it. The districts where the project to be launched are Jhajjar, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Rohtak, Ambala, Palwal, Mewat and Yamunanagar. The project includes four vocational courses like IT, Retail, Security and Automobile along with basic education and the students could avail of the employment opportunities to their maximum after doing these courses at school level, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16227667", "title": "Pay for estranged wife\u2019s lifestyle: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man is required to provide his estranged wife the same lifestyle, which she would have enjoyed had she been living with him, a trial court has said.The court's observations came while directing the vice-president of a multinational company to pay Rs 80,000 per month to his estranged wife as maintenance following their separation after 26 years. \"The wife is definitely entitled to maintain a lifestyle, which she would have enjoyed, had she been living with the husband. An amount of Rs 80,000 per month would be sufficient for a standard of living befitting the wife of the petitioner,\" additional district Judge Seema Maini said. The husband was also told to pay litigation expenses of Rs 33,000 to the woman.The court also noted that after separation the man was living his life \"king-size in the lap of luxury\" while his wife was didn't even have a house to stay in. \"The husband is the owner of a number of immovable properties and is living in his own house. There is no denial about the petitioner owning a luxury car and being a regular visitor abroad...While the wife is earning around Rs 12,000 per month, does not have her own accommodation and is living in her parents' house, much to the dislike of her brother and sister-in-law,\" the judge said.The couple had married in the 1983 and separated in 2009 after the wife alleged that the man physically abused her. She claimed that her husband earned a handsome salary as the vice-president of a multi- national company and she, on the other hand, had taken up a small job which earned her Rs 12,000 per month, an amount not enough to maintain her lifestyle. Her counsel, Prashant Mendiratta and Anirudh Mudgal, also contended that the man used to travel abroad frequently and shopped from expensive places.While the husband admitted he was drawing a high salary, he alleged that his wife was also earning Rs 20 lakh per annum. His contention, however, was not accepted by the court which noted that he failed to provide any proof to substantiate his claim.\"The husband has a moral as well as a legal obligation to provide maintenance to his legally-wedded wife, as befitting, for the wife, keeping in view of his financial status and standard of life. The motive behind the legislature invoking Section 24 of the Hindu Marriage Act was to safeguard the interest of destitute wives, who on being estranged from their husbands might not end up in vagrancy or on the roads,\" the judge added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16228673", "title": "Emu scam culprits still evading arrest", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though many weeks have passed since the bursting of the emu bubble, investigation into the multi-crore investment scam by Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of state police seems to be dragging though complaints are still mushrooming against major companies involved in the scam. Despite assurances from chief minister J Jayalalithaa of stern action against violators and search teams to trace their whereabouts, the main perpetrators have still not been arrested.In Perundarai, the hub of emu contract farming in the state, 28 fresh complaints were registered on Saturday while a total of 372 complaints are pending against Susi Emu Farms, the largest player in the scam. The complaints are worth Rs 10.10 crore. Queen Emu Farms, another leading player, is facing 331 complaints worth Rs 7.94 crore. Another firm, TVS, is facing 269 complaints worth Rs 3.31 crore. SS Emu farms is facing 212 complaints worth Rs 4.55 crore. Suvi Emu farms face 14 cases worth Rs 33.69 lakh while Amma Emu Farms faces 154 complaints worth Rs 3.33 crore. The sleuths received 12 complaints against SM agri emu farm of Pollachi, worth Rs 25 lakh. Police arrested the managing directors of the firm Nachimuthu and Rafiq. As many as 70 complaints against Sandhiya Poultry farms of Udumalpet were received. The worth of the complaints amounts to Rs 96.50 lakh.In Coimbatore district, over 1,221 complaints were received by EOW against major emu farms and a country chicken farm in the last one month. The worth of the complaints has touched Rs 29.03 crore. EOW officers said that a special team has gone to Delhi to nab the absconding M S Guru, managing director of Susi emu farms.According to EOW sleuths, most of the complaints have been received against Susi emu farms and they were from residents of Coimbatore, Tirupur and Nilgiris districts.\"The managing directors of Susi and Queen emu farms are evading arrest. Five special teams are working to nab them. However, they shift their habitats often,\" said PR Venmathi, superintendent of police, EOW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16226361", "title": "Lack of civic amenities adds to chaos", "text": "PUNE: One of the major reasons for the chaotic traffic conditions at the Keshavrao Jedhe chowk at Swargate is lack of proper facilities for over three lakh local bus passengers who reach the junction every day.Five roads converge at the chowk which is home to two bus stations - one for the local public transport and the other for outbound buses - and the starting point of two corridors of the bus rapid transit system (one towards Hadapsar and the other towards Katraj).The multitudes of passengers who reach the junction every day are faced with total confusion amidst heavy movement of traffic. Besides risking their lives while crossing the road in the absence of pedestrian facilities, citizens are beset with problems of lack of basic passenger facilities and information services as well as badly designed BRTS bus stops.On any given day, local bus passengers can be seen standing on the roads and waiting for their buses to arrive. The bus stops lack boards displaying information about bus routes and final destinations. As a result passengers can be seen running helter-skelter just to find out about buses they can take to their destinations. Amid the walking, running and crossing the road, is the continuous heavy traffic flow especially on the Swargate-Katraj stretch. Also, since the platforms of the BRTS bus stops are considerably higher, many people avoid standing on the platform, joining the thousands spilling out on to the roads.Bus passenger Uttam Kakde said that people avoid standing at the bus shelters because drivers of the PMPML buses stop anywhere and citizens have to make a run for it. \"The LED boards at the stops don't work and do not display any information about the routes. Though waiting at the bus shelter is definitely safer, that way people will miss their bus.\"Another passenger who had just arrived from Nagpur said he was running from one location to another just to find out which bus would take him to Sangamwadi and where he could board it from.A bus passenger, Baban Aswale, said that some discipline should also be followed by people themselves. \"Instead of crowding around the entrance of a bus and everybody trying to enter at the same time, citizens could wait at the bus stop and board the bus in a queue. The system in Mumbai is good and it should be followed in Pune as well. Also, the PMPML needs to create proper facilities for passengers.\"Citizens also said that encroachments should be removed from near the bus stops and proper autorickshaw stands be provided so that people can move about safely and reach their destinations quickly. Another problem noticed at the junction is that there are no pedestrian facilities to reach the bus stops. Such facilities are needed because many people walk along the road to reach the MSRTC bus terminus or autorickshaws.PMPML officials claimed that although they have appointed its staff to supervise the movement of buses and to direct the passengers, the situation goes out of hand because of the sheer rush of people. \"About three to four buses arrive at the bus stop at a time. There is a huge rush of people and the problem increases during the peak hours. We will take steps to put up destination boards and a proper passenger information system,\" said a PMPML official.A Pune Municipal Corporation official said a subway has been planned for people to walk from the BRTS bus stop to the MSRTC bus terminal. The work, however, will be completed in about two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16228353", "title": "Congress U-turn on YSR legacy", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was Congress sycophancy in full flow as leader after leader openly declared his allegiance to YS Rajasekhara Reddy. And setting off a new controversy following all the recent drama over the late chief minister's legacy was none other than PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana who said that YSR was their leader.\"YSR is our own leader and we must follow his legacy,\" Botsa said on Sunday on the occasion of YSR's third death anniversary. He made these remarks at a special meeting convened at Gandhi Bhavan where chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and Union power minister M Veerappa Moily, too, paid homage to the late CM.\"YSR was the tallest leader from Andhra Pradesh. We will always remember him. He will always live in the hearts of the people of Andhra Pradesh ,\" Moily said.Several leaders used the occasion to observe how it would be difficult to efface YSR's imprint on the party. \"He was a Congressman till his last breath and his last wish was to see Rahul Gandhi as Prime Minister. Let us strive to realise his wish,\" the PCC chief said.Labour minister Danam Nagender went a step ahead to demand that the government reinstate YSR's image on 108 emergency service ambulances since the Aarogyasri health insurance scheme was his brainchild. \"We must be thankful to YSR for his yeoman service to the party. We must follow his legacy,\" he said.These remarks come at a time when both the Congress and YSR Congress are locked in a tussle over the late CM's legacy with the ruling party facing a dilemma whether to dump YSR's legacy in view of the allegations of corruption against him.Meanwhile, YSR Congress held commemorative programmes across the state on Sunday while the late CM's family members, including honorary party president Vijayamma, daughter Sharmila, daughter-in-law Bharathi, son-in-law Anil Kumar and brother YS Vivekananda Reddy took part in special prayers organised at the late CM's samadhi at Idupulapaya in Kadapa district.YSR's son and party chief Jaganmohan Reddy, who is currently lodged in Chanchalaguda jail as an undertrial, remembered his father in his own way. According to prison sources, Jagan, a devout Christian, offered silent prayers in his barracks as part of the regular Sunday prayers. He did not get the opportunity to meet any of his family members, friends or party leaders in the jail as authorities do not allow any visitors, including family members, on Sundays.YSR was killed in a helicopter crash in 2009. The helicopter carrying him from Hyderabad to Chittoor district crashed in inclement weather in Kurnool district on September 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16229107", "title": "Mohali Police raid house of Dr Sameer Kaushal", "text": "MOHALI: The district police on Sunday found Rs 13 lakh deposited in different banks in the accounts of Dr Sameer Kaushal and a locker registered in his mother's name.Dr Kaushal, who was caught by chief parliamentary secretary (CPS), health, Navjot Kaur during a sting operation on August 30, was produced in the district courts, which has extended his police custody by a day.Dr Kaushal was running a private hospital, Amar Hospital, in Sector 70, Mohali, despite of being a government servant and posted at a primary health centre in Sangrur district.Sources in police said, \"The bank passbooks were recovered from his Phase I house, which was searched twice.\"Defense counsel Karanbir Singh said, \"Though the police sought five-day custody of the accused, the district courts granted only one day's. Soon an appeal will be filed in the court to quash FIR against him.\"An FIR under the charges of cheating, doing private business despite of being a government servant and Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988, was registered against him at Mattur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16232140", "title": "FIR against former woman BJP office bearer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Claiming to be close to BJP the office bearers in Gujarat and also a BJP member, a woman allegedly duped investors in the city promising cheap and affordable houses. An FIR has been registered against the woman, Jeni Shukla, by the Ellisbridge police station on Sunday.Shukla used to claim that she was the chairperson of the Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) and Gujarat Rural development Foundation (GRDF) and used to give assurances that she would get affordable houses made for whomsoever invested in such housing schemes. One such investor, Nirav Shah in Paldi area claims in the FIR that he had given Shukla a little above Rs 6 lakh for one such house. Shukla , however, claims that she is innocent as she never tookmoney from anyone.When asked about her links with the BJP, city BJP president Rakesh shah said, \"Jeniben was the secretary of the Ghatlodia ward for the BJP and was responsible for party activities there. She resigned almost six months ago from all BJP posts due to personal reasons. She is no longer a BJP member.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16228766", "title": "DM's approval must for booking overloaded vehicles", "text": "LUCKNOW: The transport department has repeated one of its previous orders making it necessary to seek the permission of the district magistrate to lodge an FIR against the overloaded vehicles. The fresh order has been issued on August 30, 2012. The transport department officers, including the RTOs and ARTOs, have been directed to seize the overloaded goods vehicles in order to prevent damage to public property. And, to lodge FIR against the owners and drivers of such vehicles after seeking permission from DM.The order saying that the transport department officers, particularly the ARTOs, who seize overloaded vehicles under 'Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984' will now have to wait for DM permission to get the FIR lodged against the erring drivers or owners of the overloaded vehicles, was issued on September 14, 2011. The order has been repeated now. The sources said that the repetition of the order has come because the earlier one was not effective.There have been several GOs in the past in this regard with the first one coming on August 4, 2011 by the then principal secretary, transport, Majid Ali, which held divisional commissioners and DMs responsible for lodging FIRs against overloaded vehicles in order to prevent damage to public property. The order was also addressed to all the principal secretaries, principal secretary (home) and the transport commissioner asking them to ensure necessary action against those flouting norms.A day after the GO was passed, the then transport commissioner, Sudhir Kumar Srivastava, issued another GO (17IG Enf/2011/12Enf/2011) instructing the departmental people to lodge FIRs against the drivers and owners of the overloaded vehicles on the basis of evidence. The order was enough to create panic among the goods transporters as the order authorized transport officers, seizing the overloaded vehicle, to also lodge an FIR.The government, however, rolled back the August 4, 2011 order with a new order (GO 903) on September 14, 2011 by again holding divisional commissioners and DMs responsible for lodging FIRs. There are several reasons that the transport department officer give for making it mandatory to seek permission from DM and divisional commissioners. On the good side, the police which have been more or less reluctant to lodge an FIR against the defaulters on direction of transport officers, might act after DM permits so.On the other hand, the order could also dilute the strict action that government meant to take against erring goods vehicles under 'Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16227157", "title": "Crucial toll plaza hearing in high court today", "text": "GURGAON: The crucial hearing in the matter of decongesting the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza will take place in the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday. The court had ordered the private concessionaire, DSC Ltd., to find ways, putting extra toll collections windows, to decongest the toll plaza.While adjourning the matter to September 3, the high court, on August 16, had taken a stern view of the non-compliance of its order pertaining to decongestion of the expressway by the private concessionaire.The court, on August 16, made it clear that it would stop toll collection by the concessionaire if the steps taken by it does not are prove to be successful in decongesting the plaza. The court had also deferred contempt proceeding against DSC Ltd till the next hearing, providing the concessionaire enough time to apply the methods suggested by the court as well as its own.The court had directed the Gurgaon traffic police to file a status report on the methods employed by the private concessionaire on the next hearing scheduled for today.The court had on July 31 ordered DSC Ltd. to install five additional toll booths equipped with computers on each lane on both the sides of the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza, so that six vehicles pay toll and leave at one go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16234135", "title": "Karthi\u2019s Malayalam connection", "text": "The Karthi-Anushka starrer Alex Pandian will also have a Malayalam version.The latest we hear is that the film will be dubbed in Malayalam as well also along with the Tamil and Telugu version and will be released at the same time.Alex Pandian will be Karthi's first release in Malayalam and the film will be publicized on Malayalam television channels. If the formula works, it wouldn't be a surprise if Karthi soon has a release in Malayalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-03"}
