{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187106", "title": "Air India passengers face harrowing time", "text": "BHOPAL: Passengers on board the Air India flight AI 633 were in for tough time on the pre-Diwali weekend. Not only did the flight was rescheduled by 12 hours, some passengers even lost their luggage in transit.On Sunday, the Delhi-bound Air India flight AI 633 from Mumbai was scheduled to depart at 6 am. Trouble began from the Mumbai airport when some passengers were not intimated about the change in the flight departure schedule.Commander Amar Singh Chouhan, one of the passengers, said, \"A day earlier I received an SMS that the flight would depart from Mumbai at 6.05 am. But when I arrived at the airport at 5.20 am I was informed by the airport authorities about the flight getting rescheduled at 4 pm.\"\"Ultimately, the flight departed around 5.30 pm,\" he said. But that was just the beginning of their troubles. Once the flight reached the Bhopal airport, eight passengers, including Commander Chouhan found their luggage was not there on the conveyor belt. \"We kept waiting, but our luggage did not arrive. We were alarmed when the conveyor belt stopped and we were informed that there was no more luggage from the Delhi-bound flight. To make matters worse, there was no one from the Air India to inform them as to what happened to their luggage, where it was and when would they get it. When the passengers wanted to meet the station manager Air India, he was not found anywhere,\" Chouhan said.Among passengers whose luggage was lost, included a young man who was coming all the way from the US.Apart from having to face the inconvenience of a rescheduled flight at Mumbai, about which he too did not receive any information. He had to suffer the pains of lost luggage. The passengers complained that their luggage contained 'Diwali gifts' for the family. They were made to sign property regularisation report by the Air India authorities. Bhopal station manager Wasim Khan initially said, \"We have to contact the Mumbai office for misplaced luggage.\"Later, he added, \"The luggage would arrive by the Delhi flight AI 634 on Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa", "code": "17186211", "title": "Sellers, consumers worried as namkeens' prices rise", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA: With the rise in prices of ingredients used to make namkeens (locally made snacks), retail prices of these snacks have shot up over the last couple of months.These crispy and crunchy snacks, which were priced relatively lower than branded snacks so far, have become as expensive as the branded ones.There has been a significant rise in prices of namkeens like shev, chivda, chakli, papdi, ghatiya, bhakarwadi, kachori, shankarpali, banana chips, potato chips, locally made biscuits and other such snacks.A regular 250 gram packet of namkeens which would cost between 15-25 two months ago is now priced at 30-40.Retailers attribute this price rise to the hike in the costs of ingredients used to make the namkeens like rice flour, gram, gram-flour, oil, salt, spices, etc.\"The cost of maida which had increased to 22 just a few days back has gone up further to 24 this week. So it is difficult to keep the prices of namkeens steady,\" said the owner of a bakery in Mapusa.The sudden rise in price of namkeens is a matter of great concern to the bakeries selling these products.\"These products are bought by Goans and with the current rise in prices, these have become unaffordable for many locals. Companies making branded products can survive such a price rise, but it can be fatal for the unorganised sector,\" said Gajanan Golaskar, the owner of a bakery in Panaji.Making these local snacks and selling them in the market is a source of income to several women's self-help groups and if the sales are affected due to the hiked prices, the business of making namkeens may become unsustainable for these women affecting their source of income and even livelihood in many cases.With the festival of Diwali just round the corner, the increase in prices has left both the makers of the products and the buyers worried.\"The prices are going to affect the locals as their expenditure during the Diwali festival will increase,\" said Vishal Palyekar, a resident of Tivim who is gearing to celebrate the festival of lights.\"The increase in the price of fuel is indirectly affecting the cost of commodities used to make these snacks. Crop failure due to scanty rainfall also increases prices of the ingredients used in make these products,\" he said.Naresh Kumar from Mapusa holds the government responsible for the inflation. \"The rates of the ingredients used in these products had been constant for quite some time. But they suddenly increased within a span of a few months. The government should stabilize the prices of atleast these ingredients that go in the making of namkeens in the interest of local sellers and buyers,\" he said.A self-help group in Panaji said that they make up to 50% more profits during Diwali from the sale of chaklis and chivda as against regular sales. But, this year, the profits will come down hugely as locals are reducing the quantity of orders for the festival.\"The branded products already provide tough competition to these local namkeens as they have the big money to advertise their brands. The rise in prices will only mar the business of the local industry further. It is not the fault of the local makers of namkeens as even they have to look at their interest and can't run the business at a loss,\" said Rishi Jalan, a student.An official from the commercial tax department said that taxes on branded snacks have been increased from 5% to 20% while taxes on the local snacks remain unchanged. This should have helped local snacks to up their sales, but the increase in prices of ingredients of namkeens have kept local businesses from cashing in on this opportunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17187428", "title": "Lighting up hearts, the \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdesi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 way", "text": "MOHALI: After countless books and case studies, international students at ISB are learning the best part of globalization, which is celebrating the universality of the phenomenon, the real global village. That being the case, could there be a better time to celebrate than now? During Navratri, American and Italian students at ISB learnt the \"Dandiya.\" Now, they are looking forward to the famed Indian festival of lights; Diwali.According to Christopher Whit Bernard, from the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, USA, \"Academics is only part of it. The real thing is to understand traditions through festivals. Learning \"Dandia\" was a memorable experience and now Diwali is coming up.\"For Giacomo Stefanini of Bocconi University, Italy, management learning came peppered and sweetened with festival jubilation. \"For me, it has been a great experience. It was a double package of festivity and management learning.\" ' From where these students see things, India is about the simplicity and joy of life. Bernad felt an understanding of the way of life in the world's largest democracy would be crucial to his evolution as a professional and more importantly, as a human being. \"When I applied for my exchange programme, ISB was at the top of my list because I really wanted to get the essence of the culture and opportunities in India. The first thing that surprised me about the Indian culture is that everyone smiles here. I have never seen so many people smiling,\" he observed, smiling. While he took from India, he gave of himself to the country too. His hosts and newfound friends were curious and receptive about the way of life in his country and he was only too glad to share his perspectives.The Indian festive season has widened the horizons of these students by blurring the lines between them and us. That's something they won't forget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187143", "title": "CM inspects construction work at Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dissatisfied over snail paced progress of construction work at Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav went on a surprise inspection of the institution on Sunday afternoon. The CM had called for a stock taking meeting at his residence. Officials from various construction agencies like UP Rajkiye Nirman Nigam, Construction and Designs Services besides the top brass from medical education department and finance departments were present for the meeting.The CM reportedly asked the officials about the slow pace of construction work at the institution. \"The construction work has been underway for more than seven years now. It is high time the construction should be completed,\" said an officer citing the CM. Yadav also told officials to ensure the quality of work.tnn \"Sub-standard work would invite action,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187402", "title": "Yet another theft at wedding", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a fresh incident of theft during a marriage ceremony, a juvenile was held while his aide, believed to be an adult, managed to escape with a bag full of cash and jewellery from a hotel in Industrial Area, Phase II, on Saturday night.The incident came to light when marriage attendants observed the suspicious activities of two persons, including a juvenile, who was handing over the bag to his aide. Rajinder Singh of Mohali, in his complaint to police, said, \"Juvenile was apprehended at the exit point of marriage venue but another youth managed to escape with the bag.\" A case was registered at Industrial Area police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186569", "title": "Pondy corporation pulled up for dumping trash in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The National Green Tribunal's southern bench has directed the Puducherry municipal corporation commissioner to appear before it on November 29 to explain steps taken to prevent pollution of TN villages by the civic body and the delay in getting environment clearance (EC) for the new dump yard within its limits. The case relates to pollution of some TN villages bordering Puducherry where the corporation dumps garbage.For three decades, the Puducherry and Oulgaret municipalities had been dumping around 400 tonnes of garbage a day at a landfill site in Karuvadikuppam in Tamil Nadu . Faced with growing opposition from the affected villagers, the Puducherry corporation identified a 50-acre site at Kurumbapet within its limits. It had to get clearance from the Centre and mobilise public opinion, but the corporation called off a public hearing in December 2011 after the affected residents objected to the proposal. They moved the Madras high court which granted an interim stay on the proposal.The bench, comprising judicial member Justice M Chockalingam and expert member professor R Nagendran, recently said the counsel had to get proper instructions from the respondents before representing them as he was unable to answer queries in the case. The respondents are the Union government, Puducherry chief secretary, Puducherry pollution control committee director and Puducherry corporation commissioner. \"We want the Puducherry commissioner to appear before this bench along with necessary files on November 29,\" said Justice Chockalingam.The tribunal slammed the Puducherry corporation for not getting prior environmental clearance from the Centre on its proposed dump yard project. \"Not taking the views of people seriously during a public hearing for the proposed project is a violation. We are concerned about the environment and the answer lies in scientifically addressing it,\" said professor Nagendran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192287", "title": "Elton John 'to become dad again'", "text": "Sir Elton John and his partner David Furnish are \"over the moon\" at the prospect of becoming parents for a second time as the surrogate mother of their son Zachary is pregnant again.The mother, whose identity has not been revealed, is thought to live in California and is believed to have got connected with the couple through the Center for Surrogate Parenting in Encino, Contactmusic reported.According to the Sun, the surrogate is set to give birth to next year in 2013.\"They are over the moon. Elton and David love this lady like a sister and they feel indebted to her for life,\" a source said.\"Naturally she has been well rewarded. But her identity will never be revealed,\" the source added.The 65-year-old musician recently said that he wants to have more kids in future and he does not wish his son to grow up as the only child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17188681", "title": "State school arts fest venues to be announced today", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The venues of the state school arts festival to be held in Malappuram town from January 14 to 20, 2013 will be announced on Monday. The official announcement will be made at a meeting of programme committee, which will be held at the chamber of district panchayat president Zuhara Mambad.There will be twenty stages, spread across six main venues. Around 12,000 students are expected to compete in as many as 232 events. According to sources, the main venue will be at MSP Parade Ground at Malappuram-Perinthalmanna Road, around two kilometers away from Kunnummal.The programme committee office will be at MSP Higher Secondary School, next to the main venue.Another stage will be erected at Kottakkunnu Ground. Arangu open air auditorium and DTPC auditorium will also be venues at Kottakkunnu. Other stages are planned at Town Hall, Bus Stand Auditorium, St Jemmas Boys' School, and St Jemmas Girls' School, MSP Community Hall, Koottilangadi Ground, AUP School Kunnummal and Central School.The authorities are looking for sponsors for the two main venues at MSP ground, and Kottakkunnu to meet the cost for setting up the stages.District collector M C Mohandas said that the proposed sites would be examined by district police chief, additional district magistrate and other officials on Monday, before reaching a final decision.Organizing committee for the smooth conduct of the festival was also formed on Friday. Malappuram MLA P Ubaidulla is the chairman of the committee. Special subcommittees were also formed. Each committee will convene its first meeting within two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17188104", "title": "2-day science drama contest ends", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What if one can learn mathematics from Lord Vishnu and Narada? What was the reaction of Albert Einstein when he heard of the nuclear attack by the USA on Japan? Students from across the state tried to answer these questions through drama - fusing the age-old art form and science - to spread message about burning issues of society and awareness about wonders of science.The maiden edition of two-day state-level science drama competition organized by Gujarat Council on Science &amp; Technology and Gujarat Science City came to a close on Sunday at Science City. A team of St Paul's School from Rajkot was declared winner whereas teams from Bhavnagar and Bhuj bagged second and third prizes, respectively, out of 26 participating teams. The winner team will represent the state at zonal round in Mumbai next month, said organizers. Winners of the zonal round will go to Kolkata for the finale.Ravi Saxena, additional chief secretary, science and technology, said it was a unique concept, well explored by the students and teachers who come up with drama on varied subjects. \"Drama is an effective medium to spread message of science and technology to the masses,\" he said.\"Learning should be fun. One remembers what they enjoy and thus efforts to give children an opportunity to explore their creative side should be lauded. It is often seen that the plays written for kids come with the certain mindset of the elders. The trend should be started where the children are also engaged,\" said Manas Ranjan Mahapatra, editor of National Centre for Children's Literature of National Book Trust (NBT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17186502", "title": "Deal casts shadow on Bagan sponsorship", "text": "KOLKATA: Liquor baron Vijay Mallya's decision to sell 53.4% stake in United Spirits Limited (USL) to Britain's Diageo Plc has thrown into uncertainty its sponsorship of football club Mohun Bagan.The United Breweries (UB) group began its sponsorship of the city's two football giants in 1998 after which the clubs came to be called United Mohun Bagan and Kingfisher East Bengal.Ravi Nedungadi, the chief financial officer of the UB Group, told TOI the issue was yet to be discussed with Diageo. \"We have not yet discussed issues up to this level of business. At this point, neither can we confirm that Diageo will continue nor can we say that they will discontinue it. This will crystallize in the next few months. It depends on them,\" he said.Anjan Mitra, managing director of MBPL said, \"Football is a major means of promoting your brand. I don't think there would be any problem.\"Nedungadi, however, added Diageo was aware of the sports assets of USL and the endorsement value of these assets for different brands like McDowell, Royal Challenge, Antiquity and others. The corporate entity of United Mohun Bagan Pvt Ltd is jointly owned by USL and members of Mohun Bagan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187215", "title": "CM, education department officials \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcnot\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on same page over English", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan opposed the dominance of the English language, officials at the state school education department have chalked out a plan to motivate students to get rid of their phobia for the language.For this, joint director education, Bhopal division, is mulling that students practice it every day for half an hour to hone language skills during school hours.The same exercise would be carried once the government schools reopen after Diwali.Opposing English while speaking at a function organised by the Dattopant Thengadi Research Organisation on Saturday evening, Chouhan had said though only a handful of people speak English, they have shown that nothing could be done without this language.Prashant Dolas, an assistant director, \"A proposal is being chalked out whereby students would be made to practice English reading and writing for half an hour. This would improve their results in the forthcoming exams.\"The department has been worried about the dismal performance of students in the English. Official sources said that the authorities are also worried that this is the reason why parents prefer admitting their children in private schools.The move would be implemented in the primary, middle and high school and higher secondary classes. The orders for the same are also expected to be issued soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17188177", "title": "CM post: Too many contenders", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as two major parties in the state gear up for next year's assembly polls, leadership tussles continue to bog them down. With election just a few months away and poll fever already picking up pace, consensus continues to elude both the Congress and the BJP on which face to project for the top post.It's a problem of plenty for both, saddled as they are with an array of chief ministerial aspirants. A senior Congress leader said the party faces a two-pronged problem. One is to contain the battle for leadership and the other is to resolve the ticket problem. Unlike other parties, Congress is in an unenviable position with a large number of partymen vying for tickets to fight the polls.While opposition leader Siddaramaiah has made it clear he is a contender for the CM's post, KPCC president G Parameshwara believes he is the natural choice. There are at least a dozen dark horses in the party beset by groupism and infighting.Though there are reports that Union minister Mallikarjuna Kharge is a strong contender for the post, he is keeping his powder dry for the moment. Senior Congressmen K H Muniyappa, M Veerappa Moily and RV Deshpande are among other names being bandied about.It's a similar story in the BJP. With BS Yeddyurappa ready to exit the BJP, several senior leaders are set to stake claim. These include incumbent Jagadish Shettar, state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa and senior leader HN Ananth Kumar. Also, in case Yeddyurappa stays, he will only make the job tougher for the party leadership.While the list runs long in the national parties, it is status quo in regional party JD(S). HD Kumaraswamy remains their undeclared chief ministerial candidate . In the past, the party has shown the door to many aspiring CM candidates . Party supremo H D Deve Gowda has already made public that his last wish is to see son Kumaraswamy as chief minister.If one goes by the past history of elections, too many leaders have always marred the chances of any party getting absolute majority. It's something Congress and BJP are aware of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188001", "title": "Father-son duo held", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city police arrested a man and his father on charges of dowry harassment on Sunday. According to police, Sujay Prasad and Ramakrishna were arrested near Kattemallawadi bus stand in Hunsur taluk.At the time of Sujay's wedding with Kumari seven months ago, the latter's parents had given the former Rs 1,50,000 and 50gm of gold. However two months after the wedding, Sujay and his father allegedly started harassing Kumari to bring Rs 2 lakh more. The father-son duo has also been charged with torturing her physically and mentally. The torture ended up with her murder at 8am on November 8 at their home.The duo was arrested following a complaint by Kumari's father Chinnaswamy. A case has been registered at KR Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17187164", "title": "Gang uses SIM card documents to open firms", "text": "KALYAN: Shreekant Rao, a Kalyan resident who is a temporary worker in a private firm, was shocked when cops accused him of running an import-export firm which was duping the government of taxes worth crores of rupees. With a salary of Rs 8,000 per month, Rao barely managed to make ends meet.It was discovered that a gang was operating ten such firms across the world using copies of documents submitted by people like Rao while applying for mobile phone SIM cards. The Kalyan crime branch arrested Sankalp Pawar, Amol Gaikwad and Ehsaan Shaikh. Three multinational bank managers, still at large, allegedly allowed the gang members to open accounts without verifying their documents.Bharat Nimbalkar, senior police inspector, said that none of the ten people knew about companies registered in their names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188237", "title": "Raids on sweetshops continues for 6th day", "text": "PATNA: The raids on sweets shops and food item manufacturing units enter sixth day on Sunday when the food and safety department raided various shops at Kankerbagh and Kumhrar locality.The team first raided a jam and jelly manufacturing unit at Kankerbagh and found the makers using the address of a UP unit instead of Kankerbagh.The officials also raided three sweets shops at Kumhrar and collected samples of 18 items for test. \"The owners of the shops had stored vegetable oil worth Rs 40 lakh. We have collected the oil sample as we doubt they were using palm oil under the label of vegetable oil,\" said food and safety department DO (designated officer) Ashish Kumar Singh.He further said the department has served a fourteen days' improvement notice on all such shops.\"Vegetables, fish, milk, fruit and ice cream, nothing is safe. Packaged and bottled drinks, mixed with harmful ingredients and chemicals, produced locally are being sold openly. Oblivious of the dangers, children are eating foods that are actually laced with harmful stuff,\" said a food and safety department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188546", "title": "Where have the Street Hawks disappeared?", "text": "KOCHI: Street Hawks, the police patrolling bikes fitted with LED lights, walkie-talkie, public address system and global positioning system, seem to have vanished from city roads.Police personnel were spotted patrolling the streets on these bikes for three months after they were launched in March 2009.According to official sources, these German-model bikes, launched exclusively for patrolling, are facing a premature death due to improper maintenance. Though ten bikes, each worth Rs 1.25 lakh, were introduced for beat patrolling, they are rarely used for the purpose.\"Initially, these bikes were used for patrolling. But they are not properly maintained and now they are rarely used,\" said a police officer. Kochi range inspector general K Padmakumar said a few bikes needed mechanical overhauling as they had remained idle.Police sources said some of the special features in these bikes like the global positioning system and the public address system had become totally defunct.According to the motor vehicles wing of the police, the bikes were allotted to ten police stations in the city and it was for the respective police stations to report any damage. \"We have not received any report on the bikes. It looks like they remain idle at the police stations,\" a police officer said.The bikes were purchased with the constituency fund of Ernakulam MP K V Thomas. They were designed like German police bikes with 225cc four-stroke cylinder engine..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nadia/behrampore", "code": "17188301", "title": "'Need Aladdin's lamp to implement rly projects'", "text": "NADIA/BEHRAMPORE: If it was Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee who minced no words to attack the state government in Howrah on Sunday, Congress heavyweight Adhir Chowdhury grabbed the opportunity of a railway programme and slammed the Trinamool Congress-led regime in Nadia.Laying the foundation stone of a 54.29-km railway link between Plassey and Jiaganj, for which Rs 234.41 crore has already been sanctioned, the newly appointed minister of state for railways said he'll need an Aladdin's lamp to turn promises made by his predecessors (referring to Trinamool leaders) into reality. \"I will promise only those projects that I can implement. I will not merely announce them to strengthen my vote bank,\" he said.Refusing to play to the gallery, the minister said: \"Railways will not deprive Bengal. But everyone should remember that I am a minister of the central government. Every state will get its due.\" He added that he looked forward to get the state government's help to acquire land for few of the stalled projects. He also announced a railway track from Katwa to Farrakka.But more than a programme of a minister of state for railways, a political undertone gripped Sunday's meeting. To quash rumour of an impending exodus of Congress MLAs from Murshidabad to Trinamool Congress, 12 of the 14 Congress MLAs - including Humayun Kabir, Abu Hena, Mainul Haque, Monoj Chakraborty and MP Mannan Hossain - from the district attended the meeting. However, Kabir told TOI: \"I had decided to quit the party last Friday, but I'll a take a decision only after November 15. Trinamool leaders have already spoken to me and I know six other Congress MLAs are also ready to leave the party.\"Local Trinamool MP Tapas Paul and MLA Nasiruddin Ahmed were also invited to the programme. While Paul stayed away for being busy in shooting in Hyderabad, Ahmed was accompanying Mukul Roy to a meeting in Ranaghat on Sunday.Berhampore expectedly broke into an early Diwali as Adhir reached his home town two weeks after he was sworn in by President Pranab Mukherjee. But beneath the surface brews discontent. It would be interesting to see how Adhir, known to be a maverick with party organisation, tackles the dissent from within. Kabir, an Adhir loyalist, and Reginagar MLA said, \"I feel my necessity to Chowdhury has ended and so he is mute while one junior leader has insulted me with filthy language.Adhir loyalists, local leaders and workers plan to give him a warm reception at Congress's Murshidabad party office on Monday. Ashoke Das, Congress Murshidabad general secretary said, \"The receptions will continue the entire week from Monday in Kandi, Behrampore, Beldanga, Nowda, Domkal, Jiagunj, Dhulian , Jangipur to Salar. Each day he is scheduled to attend 2-3 receptions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186544", "title": "Madras high court quashes government order, allows ayurveda college to admit students", "text": "CHENNAI: Expressing concern at 'ever-decreasing' student interest in Indian systems of medicine and favouring separate norms for regulating allopathic and indigenous systems of medicine, the Madras high court quashed a Union health ministry order refusing admission in an ayurveda college.Justice D Hariparanthaman, allowing the petition of R V S Siddha Medical College, said: \"According to counsel for the union health ministry the colleges imparting education in indigenous system of medicine shall be treated like the colleges imparting allopathic system of medicine. I am not in agreement with the submission. A distinction has to be made between the colleges teaching allopathic system of medicine and the colleges teaching indigenous systems of medicine.\"Justice Hariparanthaman, quoting extensively from an earlier high court order which traced the tradition, origin, growth, efficacy and the decline of medicine systems such as ayurveda, siddha and unani, said: \"At present, the sorry state of affairs is that while there is a big rush of students to join MBBS course in the alien allopathic stream, there is no such rush of students for indigenous systems of medicine.\"The matter relates to a July 11 order of the Union health and family welfare department secretary denying permission for the college to admit students to BSMS course at the RVS Siddha Medical College, Sulur, Coimbatore for the academic year 2012-13.Advocate Isaac Mohanlal, counsel for the college, submitted that the denial order had been issued despite the Central Committee on Indian Medicine recommending grant of conditional permission for UG course in its inspection report, the Centre issued a show-cause notice and then refused permission to admit students this year. S Haja Mohideen Gisthi, senior central government standing counsel, however, said the hospital attached to the college did not appear to be a functional siddha hospital and the mandatory requirement of 40% bed occupancy was not satisfied by it. The impugned order was passed solely on the basis of higher norms prescribed in the Centre's letter dated March 18, 2011.Pointing out that though there was no cap on the number of students to be admitted in the siddha course and that the minimum could be as much as 50, Justice Hariparanthaman said the college wanted to admit only 30 students. \"This speaks volume of the ever-decreasing demand for learning indigenous systems of medicine. When colleges imparting MBBS courses seek increase in intake every year, in the case of this college for the past 28 years the intake has been only 30 students.\"As for Centre's submissions on prescription of higher standards, Justice Hariparanthaman said the letter relied on by the Centre was not yet notified. \"Therefore, I have no hesitation in holding that the impugned order is totally illegal.\" He then directed the Centre to permit the college to admit 30 students for BSMS course this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17187819", "title": "Vulture numbers rise up for first time in 20 years, study shows", "text": "CHENNAI: The country's vulture population has increased for the first time in two decades, after a catastrophic decline in their numbers by more than 99%. A research paper by scientists from the Bombay Natural History Society (BHNS) shows that the number of vultures, once found across the country, increased marginally between 2011 and 2012.The vulture population in India started to fall dramatically in the early '90s. Around 95% of the big scavenging birds were wiped out by 2003 and more than 99% by 2008, and their numbers decreased from 4 crore in the early '80s to less than 1 lakh in 2011. The study also warned that while the stabilization in vulture numbers is encouraging, only a small number of the birds remain and they are still extremely vulnerable.Diclofenac, a painkilling drug administered to cattle, was the culprit. Vultures, which have a digestive system robust enough to even digest disease-causing pathogens found in rotting meat of dead, do not have a critical enzyme that breaks down diclofenac and die of renal failure after eating carcasses of cattle administered the drug.\"It's lethal for vultures if they eat an animal within 72 hours of it being given diclofenac,\" said Vibhu Prakash, lead researcher of the study and the deputy director of BNHS.'Numbers offer hope'Environmentalists said the increase in vulture numbers offered signs of hope for the critically endangered species once believed to be close to extinction.A ban on the use of diclofenac across South Asia in 2006 led to a drop-off, between 2007 and 2011, in the numbers of birds being killed by the use of the drug on livestock. Ornithologists said the vulture population had stabilized by 2011, when the numbers remained roughly the same as the previous year.\"Between 2011 and 2012, there has been a slight increase in the population,\" said Vibhu Prakash, deputy director of Bombay Natural History Society and lead researcher of a recent study on the subject.He said getting a fix on the actual numbers was not immediately possible but the numbers are slightly higher than in 2011, when there were only 1,000 slender-billed vultures (Gyps tenuirostris), 11,000 white-backed vultures (Gyps africanus) and 44,000 Long-billed vultures (Gyps indicus) remaining in the country.The decline prompted the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to put vultures on its list of 'critically endangered' species.The three most common species of vultures in the country are the long-billed vulture (Gyps indicus), also known as the Indian vulture, the white-backed vulture (Gyps africanus) and the slender-billed vulture (Gyps tenuirostris).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17188621", "title": "Several ATMs run dry", "text": "KANPUR: Several people faced unexpected hardships on Dhanteras as nearly 50 per cent of ATMs in the city ran out of cash on Sunday. Chaotic scenes were witnessed outside ATMs, with serpentine queues of people trying to withdraw money. Banks were criticized for not making special preparations ahead of the festival. People were also seen arguing with the guards.\"I had to draw money urgently, so I visited an ATM at Yashoda Nagar which was out of cash. Then I went to SBI ATM inside the bracnh at Yashoda Nagar. It was out of order. After searching five ATMs in the area, I was forced to come to K-block where I took out cash from BOB ATM and that too half of my requirement,\" said a resident of Yashoda Nagar. In many cases, people went to shopping malls only to withdraw cash from the ATMs.\"We had come to market and fall short of cash, we looked for an ATM but the guard told that it is already empty. Than my husband decided to go to a mall, from where we got cash after a long wait,\" said a shopper.The people were also witnessed drawing money from the card swapping machines at jewellery shops.A jewelery shop owner at Kidwai Nagar said that a family asked him to allow them to swipe card from the machine of his shop. \"Initially, I refused but in the evening when many people started coming with the request, I allowed some of them to use my machine,\" said a jeweller in Chalis-Dukan. \"I was carrying Rs 5,000 cash. The cash ended after shopping of household products.I hardly got any ATM with money even after a long search. So, I decided to buy clothes from a mall, where I can use my card for payments. It disturbed my budget as malls are costly,\" said a resident of Kidwai Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188230", "title": "Tagore goes digital for Gen Next connect", "text": "KOLKATA: A digital archive on Rabindranath Tagore and his complete works is coming up at Rabindra Tirtha in Rajarhat. The archive is slated to be launched in December. The committee, set up by the state government to oversee the centre, is working on the project.Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen, who is also the Rabindra Tirtha committee secretary, said the objective of setting up the archive is to connect GenY to Tagore. \"We are exploring ways to take Tagore to all in this digital age. The new archive may be launched by December,\" he said.Rabindra Tirtha has taken up the initiative to create the archive through their official website that will become the one-stop information centre for Tagore. SARANGSoft India Pvt Ltd has been entrusted with the technical responsibility to set it up. The project has been divided into phases. The authorities are taking the help of eminent personalities like poet Shankha Ghosh, artists Robin Mandal, Shuvaprasanna, Arun Chakraborty and Jogen Chowdhury and theatre personality Saoli Mitra to set up the archive which will also have a feedback section.One section of the archive will contain all Tagore painting exhibitions, all his literary works, books on the poet by critics, audio CDs and DVDs of Tagore songs as well as movies and documentaries on him.The first phase of the project is expected to be completed by December 15. The next phases will be completed in each quarter of the coming year. The first phase will contain songs and recitations performed by eminent singers of yesteryears as well as the current era. It will also have a children's section that will represent chronicles of Tagore's works for children and also a small pictorial biography of the bard. In the next phases, more songs, recitations and paintings will be added to the archive, along with authentic notes.In August this year, Rabindra Tirtha - a complete research centre on Tagore - was inaugurated by chief minister Mamata Banerjee . The Tirtha that has been set up on a five acre of plot was completed in a record nine months. The centre has a central auditorium, exhibition hall, film archive, art gallery, dormitories and guest cottages, a waterbody and a Tagore statue within the complex. The authorities had also organised a weeklong celebration in May this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17186873", "title": "Teacher ends life", "text": "A 25-year-old school teacher allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself herself from the ceiling of a bathroom at her house in Kasarwadi on Sunday afternoon. The Bhosari police have identified the deceased as Nanda Ganesh Yadav of Mangal Bhavan in Kasarwadi. The Bhosaripolice said Yadav, who used to teach in a private school, was alone in her house on Sunday when she hanged herself with a dupatta. The reason behind the suicide is not known. The police have registered a case of accidental death in this regard.5.4 lakh stolen: Unidentified persons broke the window of a parked car and decamped with a bag containing Rs 5.80 lakh. The incident took place at Chinchwad on Saturday morning. A complaint has been lodged by Motilal Jangid (40) of Thergaon with the Chinchwad police station.Chain snatched: Two unidentified persons on a motorcycle snatched the gold chain worthRs 80,000 of 25-year-old Pooja Luniya at Shukrawar Peth on Saturday night. The Khadak police said the incident took place around 11 pm, when Luniya was walking home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17188282", "title": "Gen Bikram Singh to brief Manmohan on Army shortages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing shortage of critical weapon systems and ammunition, Army chief Gen Bikram Singh will brief Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the \"hollowness\" faced by the 1.3 million-strong force in its defence preparedness.Gen Bikram Singh will make a presentation before the Prime Minister about the \"hollowness\" faced by the force and the steps needed to do away with them in the next few weeks, Government sources said.The Army is in the process of identifying more areas where it is facing shortfalls and they will be added in the presentation before the PM, they said. The Directorate General of Military Operations has asked the Army headquarters to coordinate with all the arms and services to prepare the list of all equipment and platforms which are short in inventory and would be required by the force to maintain its operational preparedness, sources said.During the recent Commanders' Conference also, the Army chief had said \"hollowness\" in the country's defence preparedness will be addressed by pushing for a new direction in modernization.\"There was a need to address hollowness in defence preparedness and undertake modernisation with added vigour,\" he had said. Gen Bikram Singh's predecessor Gen V K Singh had highlighted the critical shortage of arms and ammunition faced by the various arms and services of the force in a secret letter written to the PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187058", "title": "Shoppers pay a fortune on parking", "text": "NEW DELHI: The spirit of Delhiites might be soaring with Diwali just two days away but parking woes are proving to be a dampener. Most of the people who went to do their last-minute shopping on Sunday complained about being fleeced by parking attendants.The official parking rate for the first 10 hours is Rs 10, and Rs 20 after that. But TOI found on Sunday that parking attendants at many popular markets like Karol Bagh, Lajpat Nagar, Greater Kailash M and N blocks, and South Extension part I and II were charging up to Rs 150.\"The congested Karol Bagh market doesn't have adequate parking. Miraculously if any spot is vacant, attendants refuse to let us park. They say we will have to shell out Rs 150 to get our car parked,\" said Sanjiv Nagar, a resident of Mayur Vihar who went to the market with his family.With Sadar Bazar teeming with people to buy utensils on Dhanteras, shoppers were fleeced to no end. \"By 11.30am, attendants declared that the parking was full and asked for Rs 50 for an hour and Rs 100 for over an hour while handing out the Rs 10 slip,\" said Siddharth Arora, an MNC executive who stays in Civil Lines.The festive season has made finding a parking slot anywhere a challenge. \"We went to a restaurant for dinner on Saturday night at the Greater Kailash M block market but after making rounds of the parking, I couldn't find a space. I requested the attendant but he said I would have to pay Rs 100 as I had a big car. I paid because I wanted to get my car parked,\" said Prakash Bhatti, a resident of Defence Colony.The parking contractors put the blame on the people themselves, saying they don't contact the police officials concerned. \"I had fired two of my attendants earlier for overcharging. In such cases, people should contact police and not park their car for Rs 100. I tell people not to even tip the attendants,\" said the contractor at Karol Bagh.The corporations also don't seem to have any solution other than asking people to report such cases to the officials. \"We will deploy our staff to keep a vigil on such parking contractors. If found guilty, we will blacklist the contractor,\" said a senior official of South Delhi Municipal Corporation.The markets like Lajpat Nagar where people park on the road randomly also witnessed the similar situation. \"For the past 45 minutes, I am looking for parking space. With no organized parking in the market, it is a mess,\" said Virender Kumar, a trader.In Lajpat Nagar, the erstwhile MCD had decided to install parking meters but the project never took off. The corporations say traffic police are deployed to ensure smooth traffic movements and see that no traffic jams take place because of parking. It's also their responsibility to see that cars are parked in an organized manner,\" said the corporation official.Traffic police officials, however, say parking isn't their concern.\"After Lajpat Nagar was made one way, we ensure that there is no two-way movement in the market and there is smooth traffic movement but people getting parking isn't our concern. But if a car is parked wrongly, it is towed,\" said Gurmeet Singh, a traffic police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17186294", "title": "England blow hot &amp; cold in final warm-up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England finished their final warm-up match against Haryana on an interesting note on Sunday. Having put the opponent in a fix at one stage, they finally agreed to call it off after Haryana managed to reach 133 for six.England earlier declared their innings at 254 for six with Jonathan Trott (101 retd hurt), Nick Compton (79) and Ian Bell (48) getting the runs to set Haryana a target of 441 in 50 overs.England could have gone for a win but skipper Alastair Cook had different ideas when he said: \"We've got some really good practice. We would've liked to win a game but sometimes commonsense has to be used and there's no point busting a gut today with the Test match around the corner and some injury concerns as well.\"Tim Bresnan was again on the ball, picking two wickets for 13 runs from seven overs. The road looked set for England to pull off a morale-boosting win after reducing Haryana to 96 for five in the 29th over, if not for Cook's call. Haryana skipper Amit Mishra and Jayant Yadav prevented any further mishap till play was stopped with 10 overs left for the day. Monty Panesar and Samit Patel picked one wicket each.Brief scores: Haryana 334 and 133/6 (Saini 50, Bresnan 2-13) drew with England XI 521 (Pietersen 110) and 254 /6 dec (Trott 101, Compton 79, Budhwar 3-51)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186031", "title": "Countdown begins for new Commissioner of police", "text": "NAGPUR: Commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay's career spanning three decades will end when he retires in the last week of November.With few days left for his retirement the police department is rife with speculations as to who will fill the vacant chair. It is being said that many are in contention for the coveted spot and the home ministry will find it tough to finalize a name.The home department will have to take in to consideration various facts while zeroing on a name. Apart from the fact that Nagpurians have volatile temper and crime rates are increasing, the department would also have to keep in mind that the city is the venue for winter assembly session.The going has always been tough for the department when it came to dealing with the reluctance of officers from western Maharashtra in getting posted here as CP. They would complain about non-co-operating staff and idle work culture apart from the unpredictability of the temperament of the population. Only officer hailing from this region readily agree to serve here.KK Pathak, additional director general of police, is being considered the front-runner for the post. Pathak is now posted at the state police headquarters. Though he may not have much experience in policing in Vidarbha, the home department may declare him as Dhanvijay's successor.D Kanakratnam, now posted at State criminal investigation department (CID) in Pune, is considered as the dark horse among the contenders for the post. This 1987-batch Indian Police Service (IPS) cadre is due for promotion to the post of additional DG. This makes him eligible for the post of Nagpur CP. The fact that Kanakratnam has already worked in Nagpur as Joint CP and have experience of handling security of two winter assemblies may go in his favour. It is also learnt that Kanakratnam has an inclination to return here.Kanakratnam's batchmate and native Hemant Nagrale, now Jt CP (administration) in Mumbai, too may be sent to his home city after promotion.The name of TS Bhal, now on state deputation, who also belongs to the batch of Kanakratnam and Nagrale is also in contention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187957", "title": "Authorities \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsleep on\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 dangerous chemicals in Diwali delights", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Whereas the nearly 10 lakh population in the city will be celebrating the festival with varieties of crackers, the regulatory authorities- State Pollution Control Board (SPCB), Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) and police - are yet to rise to the occasion to put restrictions on the sale of crackers made of dangerous chemicals, which can cause serious health hazards.DCP office is the final authority to give license to the traders. As per norm, the cracker traders, in order to sell the crackers, apply at the office of the city DCP. The application letters are sent to the BMC, which, after verifying gives no objection certificate.We give license for the space used for selling crackers but we don't have the mechanism for testing the crackers, said Nitinjeet Singh, DCP, Bhubaneswar. \"The license we give is meant for the private space they use. As far as testing the crackers, we don't have the technical know-how to test them,\" said the DCP.Senior environmental scientist of SPCB Dilip Kumar Behera said that use of chemicals like potassium nitrate, sulphur, aluminium powder, copper, cadmium, barium, calcium in crackers for both generating more sound and emitting light, leaves the ambient environment with tiny particle of less than 10 micron. He however said that the SPCB can't do anything except spreading awareness.\"Particulate matters cause smoke generating high temperature. Once released to atmosphere especially in winter, it can't get dispersed easily. It is fixed with fog, which form smog. This is highly toxic,\" said Behera. He said either there should be curb on the selling of such crackers or people should be careful.He said even after the festival, there are secondary reactions, which are caused by the garbage. He however said that Bhubaneswar being a green city, the ambient noise will be less thus minimizing permissible limit of 120 decibel sound. \"Both air and sound pollution is checked if the area is surrounded by greenery. Bhubaneswar city is well covered with greenery to meet the pollution hazards,\" Behera explained.Srimanta Mishra, the officer-in-charge to give no objection certificate, said that seven applications out of 417 were rejected after verifications. \"We received applications from DCP office and after verification, sent 410 applications to the DCP office. Now, it is the commissionerate police to decide,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190243", "title": "Kochadaiyaan's to release in April?", "text": "Kochadaiyaan is seemingly a low key affair, only in terms of hype. According to certain industry sources Kochadaiyaan is expected to come out in April 2013.The buzz is that the makers of the film are intentionally downplaying the film without frequently releasing tid bits about the production in an attempt to avoid over-hyping.There were certain reports recently that KS Ravikumar had been replaced by director Maadesh, while the former has denied such reports of him being replaced.The animation film is undergoing elaborate post-production work and several dubbing schedules have been planned as it's aiming to be a multi-lingual release, therefore making the entire process painstakingly long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188628", "title": "Practice of management", "text": "Rumours of the death of the MBA are, however, greatly exaggerated but its health does give some cause for concern. For some time now, enrolment figures for MBAs, even allowing for regional variations, have shown signs of stagnation and even some decline worldwide. In September 2011, the Wall Street Journal reported that applications for MBAs to US Business Schools had declined for three consecutive years. Similar figures are reported by the Association of Business Schools in the UK. Nevertheless, MBAs remain the cash cows of business schools and MBA graduates still earn salaries well above those of graduates from other subject disciplines. So why are there rumours of the imminent death of MBAs?&gt;&gt; ORIGINS OF THE DEGREEIt is useful to look back to the origins of the MBA and chart its evolution before looking forward to what its future may hold. The world's first MBA degree was launched at the newly established Harvard Business School in 1908. MBAs were developed partly as a consequence of the more scientific approaches to management and the associated need for formal training for managers. They developed at a time when there were very few undergraduate degrees in business and when most managers were graduates from disciplines like engineering who had received no formal training in the techniques of managing businesses and people. Ironically, alongside the proliferation of MBAs in the second half of the 20Century, there was an equally rapid expansion of the numbers of undergraduate business programmes, like BBAs, with increasingly large numbers of graduates from such programmes entering the business arena. The consequence has been growing confusion over the nature and purpose of the MBA. If a student has undergone three or four years of management at an UG level, is an MBA, which gives one or two years more of the same, the best vehicle for developing these business graduates as effective leaders and managers? The answer to this question is a resounding no.The dilemma is that while the MBA is probably not the most effective vehicle for further developing managers who have already received an undergraduate education in business and management, the currency of the MBA has remained strong. Henry Mintzberg , one of the world's leading management gurus, challenged the pre-eminence of the MBA as a vehicle for developing managers in his book Managers not MBAs where he highlighted that the theoretical and discrete subject focus of MBAs was not producing effective management practitioners.&gt;&gt; CHANGING NEEDSThe development of such management practitioners necessitates programmes, which foster the application of knowledge in practice and where individuals develop a critically reflective approach to their leadership and management style, their impact on others and the organisations, which they serve. Of course, MBAs have attempted to adapt to such needs by incorporating more contemporary subjects like leadership and ethics, elements of interdisciplinarity and personal development, but most MBAs still have a strong emphasis on traditional academic subjects like economics, finance, marketing, strategy, etc. It is questionable whether business graduates of today need even more of the same subject theory that they have encountered at undergraduate level. If we take India as a case in point, the overwhelming majority of MBA students is recent graduates from BBA programmes and has little or no work experience. They differ substantially from the original target MBA market of managers with business experience but who lacked formal management training. Indian MBA programmes are by and large highly theoretical and subject-based , and it is questionable whether they are really appropriate for graduates with four years study of business theory but with limited practical business experience. While such programmes are academically rigorous, it is debatable whether they produce 'modern manager' capable of critically reflective selfmanaged learning, contextualised within their organisation.&gt;&gt; MODERN MANAGER", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192402", "title": "I knew Yashji from my debut film 'Gajagamini': Kalpana Pandit", "text": "Kalpana Pandit is not new to tinseltown but yet to make a mark in B-Town. Having debuted in MF Hussain's Gajagamini, this drop-dead gorgeous actor interacted with Yash Chopra during the making of Gajagamini as it was distributed by Yashraj Films. She says, \"He was one of the most gracious, gentle smiling and sweet spoken people I have ever known. He was always full of good words of encouragement for me.\"Kalpana has also worked with filmmaker Mahesh Manjrekar and acted in films like Pran Jaye Par Shaan Na Jaye , Pitaah , Padmashree Laloo Prasad Yadav and Pyaar Kiya Nahin Jaata and more recently Jaanleva 555 , which she also produced. She says, \"I met Yashji at the premier of English Vinglish and he blessed me for my next film. I am happy that I could seek his blessings and meet him.\" Kalpana has dedicated one song in the film to Yash ji in his memory showcasing green locales and romance.She mentions how Yash Chopra is a true inspiration and how he will forever remain present in people's memories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192685", "title": "Gujarat poll: Ahmedabad district administration suspends EC's cash seizure drive after court order", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187226", "title": "Low-cost Aakash-2 gets teachers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 thumbs up", "text": "BHOPAL: Teaching faculty of city engineering colleges have appreciated the low-cost Aakash 2 launched on Sunday after the concluding session of the two -day Indian Society for Technical Education (ISTE) nationwide workshop. Coordinated by the IIT-Mumbai under the National Mission on Education through Information and Technology (NME-ICT), eight city engineering colleges were part of 244 in India that were selected as remote centres for \"Aakash in Education\" programme. President Pranab Mukherjee launched the tablet after the end of programme.Faculties at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT), IES College of Technology, Sagar Institute of Research and Technology, Rajiv Gandhi Technical University, Oriental College of Technology, Truba, Bansal Institute of Research and Technology and NRI Institute of Science and Technology were part of the programme.The workshop was organised with the objective of helping faculty improve teaching techniques in engineering institutes with the help of newly-launched low-cost indigenous Aakash tablet. They were trained for the effective use of the device during the workshop.\"The workshop has helped me use the Aakash-2 for teaching purposes. It is quite handy which would make the teaching better and effective,\" Prof Smriti Joshi said. Another teaching faculty, Prof Sonu Lal claimed that the using tablet for teaching will help both students and teachers. \"It will make classes more interesting and informative for students,\" Prof Lal said.Coming at a price of Rs 1,130 for students, the new version 'Aakash 2', which will be made available to students of engineering colleges and universities to begin with, is now powered by a processor running at 1 GHz, has a 512 MB, a 7 inch capacitive touch screen and a battery working for three hours of normal operations. It has been developed under the aegis of IIT, Bombay with the active support of C-DAC. The device, can also run on Linux operating system, do Aadhar authentication and control a robot from a distant place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188206", "title": "City lights", "text": "Bai GodWell-known theatreperson Vijaya Mehta's disciples converged at a Dadar auditorium last Sunday to raise a toast to their mentor on her 79 th birthday as also to mark the release of Jhimma , her autobiography in Marathi . Nana Patekar , Reema Lagoo , Bharati Achrekar , Vikram Gokhale , Nina Kulkarni and Suhas Joshi, among others , read out from the voluminous tome even as Anupam Kher paid glowing tributes to 'Bai ' (as Mehta is known in the Mumbai theatre fraternity ). Kher fondly recalled Raosaheb and Pestonji , two Hindi flicks he did under Mehta's baton . Speaking about Mehta's enduring influence on him , Patekar said , \"Bai gave me her little finger which I held in my fist and I learnt to walk . Years later , I realised that she had withdrawn her little finger and I was on my two strong feet. That is how she groomed her actors . She never put us in the pram.\" Patekar's Purush and Gokhale's Barrister, both directed by Mehta , are considered classics of the contemporary Marathi stage while others like Mudrarakshas, Hayavadan and Wada Chirebandi are equally memorable .In the auditorium the Who's Who of the Marathi theatre and literary world were present to share Mehta's milestone year and achievements . The theatre doyenne wielded the director's megaphone with aplomb before the function , preparing her actors for the read , honing their diction and making sure that the curtain went up bang on time . After all , there's nobody quite as perfectionistic as Bai .Flagging patriotismNational anthem time atcinema houses often leads to some funny moments . While most audience members are up on their feet promptly , eyes fixed on the screen (some even mouth the words fervently ), a few dissidents refuse to comply with the supposed solemnity of theoccasion .Onesuch person recently stood obediently through the anthem but attheendintonedin a high-pitched voice , \"Good morning , teacher !\" prompting a few giggles and a few dirty looks. On another occasion , two women speaking in undertones to each other were later reprimanded by a man in the row behind them , righteously asking them to \"show some respect to our national anthem\" . While one of the ladies lapsed into a bemused silence , the other turned around and asked the scolder , \"Do you pay your taxes ? I do. Do you give bribes ? I don't . This is not my definition of patriotism , it may be yours .\"A personal quibble: if the authorities do want audiences to feel \"patriotic \" about the anthem , perhaps they should stick with the old visual of the Indian flag fluttering on screen . Watching sundry film and television casts mouthing the lines on screen is not exactly patriotism-inducing .Spare their earsAnimal activists are gearing up to protect dogs and acts in the city from the onslaught of high-decibel firecrackers which hurt their supersensitive auditory system way more than they do human ears (a dog , says an email put out by canine counsellor T Madhavi , hears any sound seven times louder than a human does). Madhavi , along with very many Mumbaikars , has pledged support online to a noiseless Diwali-the sight of animals quivering at the boom of firecrackers and cowering in fear or trying to escape \"takes away from the grace of the festival\" , she says . However , while the activist is worried about the fate of animaldom in general as well as her pet cat , who flinches every time a firecracker goes off, she doesn't have to worry about her pet dog . Why not ? \"He isn't bothered ,\" says Madhavi . \"He's deaf .\"Train travailsThe Saurashtra Mail is a favourite of Mumbaikars for going to Gujarat , thanks to its convenient timing , speed and service . But these days , the charm has chipped off a bit.This writer had a foul experience each of the four times she travelled by the train in the last two months . The first time , when she was in bogey E1, the bed linen kit that she was givencomprising two bedsheets, a pillow and a blanket-was not exactly high on hygiene . The pillow exuded a terrible odour of stale sweat and the white linen was in varying shades of grey embellished by discoloured patches . To add to her agony , the curtain on the aisle seats spewed speckles of dust in protest each time they were touched, which gave her a heavy allergic reaction that ruined her trip . The journey back was much the same .A couple of weeks later , when she tentatively and with some trepidation booked herself on the same train , she whooped with joy when she found herself in another compartment . But the jinx had not lifted. She tried sorting the piles of dirty linen around to find a clean sheet but gave up and settled for a random pick . In the morning , she watched the attendant let the blankets fall on the floor while folding them up for the next unfortunate passenger .Evidently , the railway contractors hired for the job don't believe in washing dirty linen-in public or otherwise .(Contributed by Sanjeev Shivadekar, Radha Rajadhyaksha, Sharmila Ganesan and Seema Kamdar. Compiled by Radha Rajadhyaksha)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17187877", "title": "Minor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rape rocks Sambalpur again", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Yet another rape of a minor girl has rocked the town. This was the 13th rape or attempt to rape incident in the district during the last three months.The latest incident occurred under Sadar police station area. The accused Sanjay Munda (22) was caught by the girl's family members on Saturday and handed over to police.Police registered a case u/s 376 IPC basing on the complaint of the victim's father.\"We have already registered a rape case. However, we need to investigate the matter to confirm the allegation,\" SP ( Sambalpur) Nikhil Kanodia said on Sunday.According to the allegation, the 13-year-girl was in her house on Saturday night when the accused entered the house and allegedly raped her using force. Family members came to her rescue when she raised an alarm. However, villagers said Munda was a regular visitor to the house and having an affair with the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187386", "title": "Teachers to have a say in new Delhi University syllabus", "text": "NEW DELHI: Although the 61-member taskforce has started working on the blueprint of the four-year degree programmes proposed at the undergraduate level in Delhi University , teachers will have a say in preparation of the new syllabi.Coming amid protests, including the relay hunger strike on for over a month now, the move is likely to persuade the teachers to call off the stir.The university administration has also decided to set up a grievance committee to look into their concerns.DU has promised that the four-year degree programmes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be launched from the 2013-14 academic session \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be less burdensome and more hands-on, trans-disciplinary and research-oriented. The teachers, who will be entrusted with the implementation of the reforms, will soon be made part of the process to share inputs for the new syllabi to be in force from next session.According to a top DU official, \"We will create the syllabus in cooperation with the teachers as they know the ground reality. For each course, we will form a course committee of college teachers who will put together the syllabi. Alternatively, they can send their drafts of the curriculum to a wider committee, which will then forward their recommendations to the main committee of courses.\"A section of staff under the aegis of the DU Teachers Association has been on a relay hunger strike for nearly a month. In addition to their stand against the university's \"random and radical reforms\", many are disappointed at not being consulted for the four-year undergraduate programme.Some see the university's latest decision as a move to win over college teachers by finally giving them representation in the reform process.The university is also putting in place a grievance committee to look into the problems of teachers.The committee will have a mandate to resolve these issues within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187549", "title": "Garry Sandhu earns an encore at college concert", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of the International Institute of Fashion Design (INIFD), in association with Ludhiana Youth Club, organized a live concert by Punjabi singer Garry Sandhu, named \"Breaking Barriers\" on the college campus.According to INIFD director Arvind Gupta, more than 200 students turned up to listen to Garry Sandhu. The British Asian singer was introduced to the music industry in late 2010. His song, \" Sahan to pyarian\" earned him much acclaim. At the concert, students danced to his popular numbers, including \"Din raat sohniya ve\" and \"Dil Dede.\" The foot tapping numbers left students demanding an encore.Student organizers of the event, Attinder Sandhu, Rahul Chopra, Kinderpal Singh, Narinder Singh, Daman Makkar and Aman Sappal were delighted with the response the concert received. They concluded the show with an extravaganza on the custom made dance floor. Rahul Chopra said the event was meant to be a prelude to Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190910", "title": "Michael Arndt to pen new Star Wars series", "text": "Hollywood scribe Michael Arndt, who is known for his screenplay for 'Toy Story 3,' will write the next installment in the Star Wars series, Lucasfilm has confirmed.Arndt won an Oscar for best original screenplay for the 2006 comedy 'Little Miss Sunshine.'Toy Story 3 was nominated for best adapted screenplay in 2010.He has also co-written the second film in the 'Hunger Games' trilogy.According to the Hollywod Reporter, the latest Star Wars story will focus on a new generation of heroes, the BBC reported.However, there could be appearances by actors Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher in older incarnations of their characters - Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia - from the original Star Wars trilogy.Harrison Ford , who played space smuggler Han Solo , is also reported to be interested in reprising his role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188366", "title": "Guv, CM ahead in race for puja inauguration", "text": "KOLKATA: Like Durga puja, governor M K Narayanan and chief minister Mamata Banerjee are the most sought after personalities for inaugurating the Kali pujas too.Mamata has agreed to inaugurate more than a dozen well-known Pujas across the city. In fact, organizers of some big-budget Pujas had postponed their inauguration by a day since the CM couldn't do will not be able to do the honours at these pandals on Sunday because of preoccupations.Organizers of a Puja at Loudon Street said the chief minister was supposed to inaugurate their Puja on Sunday, two days before the festival of lights. \"The CM won't be able to come before Monday. That's why we have decided to postpone the scheduled inauguration by a day,\" said Rajib Deb, a mayor-in-council member of Kolkata Municipal Corporation and chief patron of the puja committee.Organizers of a well-known Puja at S N Banerjee Road, too, have decided to inaugurate their Puja on Monday instead of Sunday for the same reason. \"We are still in the dark about whether the CM will make it on Sunday.We have heard that the CM would be able to inaugurate our Puja only on Monday. We have changed our schedule accordingly,\" said Sunita Saha, Trinamool Congress councillor and wife of party MLA Swarna Kamal Saha, who organizes the Puja.Governor M K Narayanan too is in the fray. He will also inaugurate several Pujas in Kolkata and its suburbs. Narayanan inaugurated the famous Fata Kestor Kali Puja at Sitaram Ghosh Street off Amherst Street on Sunday. \"We have invited the governor to inaugurate our puja on Sunday. Besides, a group of monks will be present at our pandal during the three day festival,\" said Prabandha Roy, one of the key organisers.Another big-budget Puja on Amherst Street will be inaugurated by Alakananda Ray and Nigel Akara of Muktodhara fame. \"We have invited Alakananda and Nigel to inaugurate our Puja. Some Tollywood celebrities are also expected to be present during the inauguration,\" Piyal Chowdhury, the puja committee general secretary, said.Several Bollywood celebrities are also expected to inaugurate some major Kali pujas in the city on Monday. do the rounds in Kolkata on Sunday and Monday to inaugurate some famous pujas.Among names doing the rounds, are, for Kali puja inauguration includeMahima Chowdhury and Jaya Pradha. Pradha is expected to remain present at the inauguration of Fata Kestor puja in Mumbai. The two day pujas will be followed by musical soiree in all the big budget pujas.Some of the artists, who have already been booked by the organizers to perform during the Pujas, include Bappi Lahiri, Vinod Rathod, Jolly Mukherjee and Jeet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188328", "title": "Brisk sale of Gharaundas on Dhanteras", "text": "PATNA: The roaring sale of gold and silver coins, bars and jewellery as well as electronic goods apart, there was something else which attracted the buyers this Dhanteras: the colourful 'gharaundas' (small homes).Makeshift stalls selling wooden gharaundas, painted in blue and deep pink, were seen decked up all across the major lanes and bylanes of the city and received buyers walking to the stalls as well as those who got down from their luxurious cars to have a look on the tiny 'abodes'.Shehzad Alam was among the many who had put up his stall of 'gharaundas' and other decors on Bailey Road. Shehzad told TOI that he had received more than hundred footfalls on the day and did a business of more than Rs 2,000 on Sunday alone. \"Aaye hain toh saare gharaunde bech kar hi jana hai (I will go home after selling all my gharaundas),\" he said, displaying single, double and three-storey gharaundas ranging from Rs100 to Rs250.Some of the gharaundas at the nearby stall sold at Rs 1,200. Upendra Gupta, who has been selling such expensive 'gharaundas' for the last seven years, said he had already sold more than 100 pieces in the first few hours of the business on Sunday. Upendra said he sells around 300 to 400 'gharaundas' on Diwali eve every year. \"They are made of quality wood. That is why they are expensive,\" he explained.Not only wooden gharaundas but those made of glass, too, were seen in the market this Dhanteras, giving options to the buyers. Where a single storey glass gharaunda cost Rs 40, a duplex with a dummy TV set and sofa set was priced at Rs 350. \"Log shishe ke ghar isliye kharidte hain kyunki ye sundar dikhti hain aur sajawat ke bhi kaam me ati hain (People buy gharaundas of glass because they not only look beautiful but also used for decoration),\" said Shanti Devi, adding that though these pieces attract buyers throughout the year, Diwali brings boom in her business as every year around four to five carts of glass gharaundas are sold.Not only 'gharaundas' but furniture for the house, too, interest people, said Upendra as he displayed tiny wooden tables, chairs and beds. Small teapots and cups made of bone china also attracted buyers, mostly children. \"I am taking the 'gharaunda' for my children as they like playing with it. They worship in these gharaundas and we do in the puja room of our home,\" said Shalini Raj of Patel Nagar, who was spotted with her child at one of the stalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188071", "title": "Memories of a martyr haunt villagers, officials", "text": "MYSORE: Twenty years might have passed, but the daredevilry and the philanthropic work of slain senior IFS officer P Srinivas are still fresh in the minds of people in remote Gopinatham village, the native place of forest brigand Veerappan.On November 10, DCF P Srinivas had been on a mission to catch Veerappan. Though the brigand invited him for a rendezvous on the pretext of working out a surrender plan, he beheaded the officer at Yerkehalla inside the deep forests of MM Hills. Ever since, the forest department is commemorating the day as Martyr's Day, and holding programmes to acknowledge his sacrifice.However, people of Gopinatham acknowledge martyrdom of Srinivas in their own way. In addition to saluting the memorial, the villagers organize sports, essay and drawing competitions for village children. They also narrate to them how Veerappan laid a trap to kill the daredevil officer. On the other hand, children too listen to the bravery of the officer in rapt attention. They trek into the forest to reach Yerkehalla and offer floral tributes to the memorial.The forest department has erected a martyr's memorial at the spot where Srinivas was beheaded. It has also been organizing trekking trips to the spot. Trekkers and tourists go to Yekehalla to see the memorial.Srinivas, the daredevilP Srinivas, a native of Andhra Pradesh and 1979-batch IFS officer, served as ACF at Sargur in HD Kote taluk before being posted as DCF in Chamarajanagar. Srinivas arrested Veerappan from a bar in Bangalore before being brought to Boodi Padaga forest guesthouse, from where the brigand escaped. Police could not catch Veerappan alive (he died in 2007).When Veerappan shot police officers dead near Hogenakal in 1990, Srinivas settled at Gopinatham to catch the brigand. He did philanthropic works at the village. But the popularity of Srinivas among people, including his sister, irked Veerappan. He sent his brother Arjun (who was then released from Mysore jail) to Srinivas to strike a surrender deal. However, Veerappan beheaded Srinivasa by attacking him from back while the latter was crossing a rivulet. He buried Srinivas' torso at the spot, and the head at an undisclosed spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187342", "title": "Dhanteras rings in gold rush", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Dhanteras, State Bank of India branches in Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula sold gold worth Rs 44 lakh. In markets, a large number of people turned up to buy gold, considered auspicious on Dhanteras.SBI officials were satisfied with the turnover on Sunday. They expect brisk business on Monday as well, with special counters to be opened for the purpose. An SBI official said, \"Only three branches were open in Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula on Sunday but still we earned Rs 44 lakh. That is good business on a holiday.\"Where jewellery was concerned, the decision of many jewellers to offer gold jewellery at a discounted price paid off, with customers turning up at showrooms in large numbers. Chandigarh Jewellers' Association president Rajiv Sehdev said, \"Sales were good despite the slowdown. Our special offer drew people to showrooms.\"City-based jeweller Arun Talwar said they received customers from across Punjab.Members of the Chandigarh Jewellers' Association refused to divulge details of sales, but sources said business was brisk. However, sales could not be quantified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188298", "title": "Armed goons rob cash, gold from Kanchrapara home", "text": "KOLKATA: Armed miscreants raided a railway employee's house at Kanchrapara's Mohanpur and made away with cash and gold jewellery worth several lakhs early on Sunday. Police have started a probe and are conducting raids to nab the miscreants.Police sources said that the gang of seven had entered the house by breaking open the collapsible gate. The goons were all speaking in Hindi and the family members could not identify them as their faces were covered.The victims said that the goons were carrying revolvers. They first took the owner at gunpoint and demanded the keys to the almirah. When the others in the family resisted, the goons beat them up and tied them up in a room.They then ransacked the house for about 30 minutes and took away six bhoris of gold ornaments, Rs 28,000 in cash, a laptop and a mobile phone.It was after the goons left that neighbours rescued the family. They later staged an agitation protesting the rise in crime sin the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188105", "title": "Diyas from across nation on display", "text": "MYSORE: This Diwali, light your home with traditional diyas (lamps), including Moghul lanterns, which have come to the city all the way from eight states.Deepa Soundarya, an exhibition of colourful and traditional lamps being held by Ramsons Kala Pratishtana, has many varieties of diyas on display. Wax-filled pots, clay lamps, glittering lamps, metal diyas, deepamalli and hanging lanterns, etc, with most of them being handcrafted. \"The collections have come from Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu , Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and West Bengal,\" says Raghu Dharmendra.The onslaught of modern lamps notwithstanding, the traditional lamps are much in demand. According to Dharmendra, people still opt for traditional lamps, \"but they look for variety\". So lamps made of clay and copper are in great demand, he added.Homemakers and working women find candle diyas handy as they need to only light them up, whereas oil-filled diyas need to be fed with oil and wicks.This year's collection features blue-painted diyas from Jaipur, brass diyas from Uttar Pradesh, hand-painted clay lamps of Rajasthan , copper-enameled diyas from West Bengal. Another highlight is the vast collection of hanging Mughal lanterns - they can be lit using candles or bulbs.Traditional lamps are considered as auspicious, for they symbolize peace, hope and well-being. Each of which is lit with a pair of wicks, symbolizing dedicated couple, while the lamp itself denotes a family. Women make sure that one particular lamp - Nanda Deepa (eternal flame) -- is kept lit almost always, especially in the morning and in the evening. \"Further, lighting lamps from eternal flame symbolizes growth of one's family,\" he said, speaking about the significance of traditional lamps.Deepa Soundarya exhibition is on at Pratima Gallery on Nazarbad Main Road. It is open from 10am to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186970", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s pilot run of 24x7 water supply a hit", "text": "PUNE: The successful run of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's pilot project, providing 24x7 water supply to Yamunanagar area in Nigdi-Pradhikaran, has given the civic administration the confidence that the project can be planned and replicated in the entire city.A total of 2,376 households are benefitting from the project which was started on a trial basis in June.Executive engineer of PCMC's water supply department Pravin Ladkat said that, for the project, Yamunanagar area was first isolated from the rest of the water supply system. Water was supplied to the area through double stage pumping - first from the water treatment plant in Sector 23 to an elevated storage reservoir (ESR) at Triveninagar and then from the ESRT to houses in Yamunanagar.\"Since the pumping cost is too high, we don't send water to the ESR. Instead, we use a bypass system by which water is supplied through a gravity flow system. The flow meter, which has been installed on the bypass system, tells us the total amount of water supplied to the Yamunanagar residences,\" he said.Pressure bloggers has been installed at various points in the entire area to know the pressure of water supply. Our employees randomly check the readings of these bloggers during the day. \"If the pressure is lower than normal, it indicates some leak or other problems in the network and remedial measures are taken accordingly,\" Ladkat said.PCMC started the process for implementing the pilot project in early March. \"After the area was isolated from the rest of the water distribution system, we detected 132 leaks, using the helium-based leak detection technology, in the water supply network. All the leaks were plugged. The water supply department increased the daily water supply by two hours every week. \"We were able to start 24x7 supply from June'', Ladkat said.Earlier, Yamunanagar residents used to get water supply six hours a day -- three hours each in the morning evening.M T Kamble, city engineer and chief of water supply department, PCMC, said, \"The success of the 24x7 water supply project has given the confidence to the people that they can satisfy their daily water needs without wasting water. (Earlier, people would store water in the morning. And in the evening, would replace it again as they needed fresh water. This led to a lot of water wastage). The project has also given the civic administration confidence to carry out the project in the entire city.\"About the benefit of 24x7 water supply to the area, Ladkat said the total water consumption has reduced by around 10%.Incidentally, five years ago, PCMC had attempted to implement the project for the entire A-zone ward which covers Akurdi, Nigdi-Pradhikaran and neighboring areas. The project, however, was not successful. For 24x7 water supply, the corporation increased its supply to Nigdi. However, there were complaints of water shortage from other areas. Thus, the project had to be abandoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187231", "title": "Rs 1,040cr in PWD\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kitty to revamp transferred roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Public Works Department (PWD) has been sanctioned about Rs 1,040 crore for sprucing up the network of 674 roads \u00e2\u20ac\u201d spanning 800km \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it took over from the municipal corporations earlier this year. TOI visited some of the most worn-out roads which PWD officials claim will get proper streetlights, signage, pavements and drainage systems during the revamp.\"We have been allocated funds for many of the roads requiring urgent repairs, and have kept the documents ready for the roads yet to get financial sanction. We expect to get approval for these roads, too, in a few days, whereupon we will invite the tenders,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.However, the agency, which had promised to repair all roads after monsoon, has done little more than patchwork. \"We have started the first phase involving repair work on 107 roads, and within two months the effects should be visible. At least one layer of coating will be done by November-end, so that the roads become motorable,\" added Chauhan.While PWD has been sanctioned Rs 500 crore by the Delhi government for 107 roads, Rs 240 crore has been released for two stretches on the rural belt of about 46km near Mangolpuri Kalan to Auchandi border via Begumpur, Ghewra, Bawana, etc. Furthermore, Rs 300 crore has been received from within the department for maintenance of roads costing less than Rs 10 crore each. About Rs 544 crore is expected to be sanctioned by the Delhi government in a few days.In all, PWD will get Rs 1,848 crore for refurbishment of the roads, including maintenance costs for the next five years. \"Portions of these stretches have only two lanes; they will now be converted into four lanes complete with drains, streetlights and street furniture,\" said a senior PWD official.About Rs 300 crore has also been sanctioned for smaller stretches, including Rama Road between Zakhira and Patel Road which has been in a poor condition for almost 11 years, said officials. When TOI visited the area, it was full of slush. \"We expected that the road will be relaid before Commonwealth Games. But after several half-hearted attempts to repair this stretch, commuters have been left to their own devices. The road has been reduced to dirt and rubble,\" said Nakashi Chowdhry, a resident.Another road which is worn in patches in the main road from Ring Road leading to pocket 40 of CR Park. The arterial road with its uneven and potholed surface resembles a dirt track. Other south Delhi roads crying out for repair are the Bhatti mines road, Madanpur Khadar road on NH-2, and road 13A from Kalindi Kunj to Mathura road.Old Rohtak Road, Kalidas Marg and GTK Road in north Delhi; Rama Road, Pankha Road and New Rohtak Road on Zakhira flyover in west Delhi; and Patparganj Road, Mother Dairy Road and the road from Bhajanpura Chowk to Karawal Nagar in east Delhi are too worn out to qualify as arterial roads. The roads have not been attended to for months now, said locals.PWD officials, however, assured that the condition of the roads will improve.\"The roads have been tested by CRRI, IIT Roorkee &amp; DTU, and we have submitted proposals to the government for improvement of carriageways, central verge, footpaths, drainage system, street lighting, and carrying out horticultural works,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17185819", "title": "Diwali is Sohrai for Bhelwara", "text": "RANCHI: If Diwali is all about lighting, sweets, rangoli and firecrackers in urban areas, it is quite different in a Hazaribag village where people celebrate it in the form of Sohrai, a harvest festival.Sohrai assumes even greater significance at Bhelwara village in Hazaribag where the rituals could be traced back to several centuries. A continuity of art and tradition which is linked to rock art painting by experts.This year once again researchers and anthropologists from European countries and local experts are assembling in Hazaribag on Wednesday, a day after Diwali when Sohrai is observed. David Geary of Oxford University and Scottish researcher Ruth Macdougal from University of East Anglia are here to participate in the festival.The programme is being coordinated by regional convener of Hazaribag chapter of Indian National Trust for art and cultural heritage (Intach), Bulu Imam, who has been highlighting the tribal form of cattle worship over the past two decades. As an amateur researcher, he believes that the harvest festival of Sohrai has trans- nation links which could be established beyond doubt by the motifs being used in different cultures across globe. \"We find great resembles in the art work of Harappa civilization linearbandkeramic (LBK) culture the name given to the farming population of central Europe on the banks of Danube and rock art sites in Hazaribag which has now descended to the wall paintings in Bhelwara village,\" he said.Underlining the importance of wall painting in Bhelwara where around 80% households are still in mud and thatched roof, Imam said the tribal women were experts in comb art culture and paintings with natural colours on the walls of their homes which have close resemblance to cave art forms. \"Khuntan Sohrai follows on second day of Diwali when the villagers tie their cattle to a khunta and worship them as deities,\" Imam said pointing that this indicates to the lactate culture of pre-history.Sohrai is explained as the word used by tribal villagers to command their cattle in the grazing fields which later became associated with celebrating good harvest and service to the cattle. Experts believe that during these two days, the farmers do every ritual to please their cattle as a mark of respect for their contribution in farming practices. \"European researchers are interested in understanding the tribal practices because they too belive that the Spanish bull fight too is linked with the Indian way of paying respect to cattle,\" Imam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17186191", "title": "Concession passes for KTC buses from today", "text": "PANAJI: The Kadamba transport corporation has begun making passes for daily commuters and students using its services.The passes will provide concession to daily commuters travelling in KTC buses and aim to encourage the use of public transport to ease traffic congestion caused by increase in private vehicles. General commuters will get 50% concession on a weekly pass; 60% on a fortnightly pass; and 70% on a monthly, quarterly, half yearly and yearly pass.In case of students and others who are presently eligible for 50% concession, 75% concession will be available on a weekly pass; 80% on a fortnightly pass; and 85% on a monthly, quarterly, half yearly and yearly pass.\"Due to the increase in self-owned transport services there is road congestion resulting in accidents. In addition to traffic congestion and accidents, there is an alarming increase in pollution and parking problems in all urban areas. To alleviate the common man from this serious problem, the state government endeavors to provide concessional public transport to daily commuters and students,\" the scheme that comes into effect from this week reads.The scheme will be applicable to all commuters travelling within the state and provides for disbursement of subsidy by the state government to KTC for providing concessional travelling to commuters, students and other concession holders. The concessional pass will entitle the user to travel during the validity of the pass on any number of occasions on the route or part of the route for which the pass is issued. The concessional pass scheme will be applicable for all the routes operated by KTCL within Goa. The applicant will have to apply through a form available at the KTC office by paying a onetime fee of 20 and providing a passport size photograph of the applicant to the KTC office. The KTC will then issue a unique identification number (UIN) to the applicant consisting of a computer generated 10-digit identification number in the form of a card.A concessional pass with a photograph of the applicant will be issued on production of the card at any ticket counter of the corporation at bus stands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17189630", "title": "Auguste Rodin's 172nd birthday: Google pays tribute with 'The Thinker' doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google doodles today to celebrate the popular French sculptor Auguste Rodin's 172nd birthday.Francois-Auguste-Rene Rodin, better known as Auguste Rodin was born into a working-class family in Paris on 12 November 1840.Auguste Rodin has an inclination towards art from his early age and pursued drawing and painting at the Petite Ecole, a school specializing in art and mathematics.His first sculpture was displayed in 1864 with the subject The Man with the Broken Nose, to the Paris Salon. It was an unconventional bronze piece of art work that emphasized the emotional state and texture of the subject. But unfortunately, his first work was rejected.Among his various works, the best known included The Thinker and The Kiss.Today's Auguste Rodin doodle commemorates the sculpture The Thinker (1879-1889) which is among the most recognized creation of his works. It is a marble and bronze sculpture and is now in the Musee Rodin in Paris.'The Thinker' depicts a man in sober meditation and often interpreted as philosophy. It is represented in many public places.Rodin is appreciated for his manner of dealing with the subject and muse.He hardly considered conventional academic postures as his inspiration rather preferred his sculpture to move naturally.Rodin also emphasized to capture the intellectual force of his subject.Thus to commemorate Rodin's artistic legacy and celebrate his 172nd birthday on November 12th, 2012, Google has displayed a doodle featuring The Thinker on its homepage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187458", "title": "City gets more luxury wheels", "text": "LUDHIANA: Car dealers around the city witnessed an unusual Sunday as it coincided with Dhanteras, the first day of Diwali festivities, when buying metals is considered good.Mostly a dull day at car dealerships, Sunday witnessed numerous cars rolling out of various showrooms. As many as 10 cars rolled out of Modern Motors and, \"It must have been because of Dhanteras,\" said showroom owner A Sood.\"We have done 50 deliveries today, which are more than double the number of cars we usually deliver in a day,\" said R S Uppal, vice-president, sales, of a foreign car brand dealership in the city. The effect of Dhanteras was evident in the sale of even the high-end cars, as the city has a taste for exhibiting wheels with elan. Uppal said of the 50 cars delivered on Sunday, 35 were in the price range of Rs 15-30 lakh.\"We usually sell one or two top-of-the-line cars in a week, but Sunday saw five top models being rolled out to customers' addresses because it was Dhanteras,\" said Neeraj Bansal, head- operations, at another dealership store of a foreign brand of luxury vehicles.The rise in sale of top-end cars is not a just a day's phenomenon, but the bookings have been on a rise since the start of the festive season. Uppal said the bookings of cars costing above Rs 10 lakh have gone up by 20% and for those costing above Rs 20 lakh have doubled. \"The bookings for top-end cars costing over Rs 20 lakh have doubled from 100 to 200 during the festive season and most of the deliveries are due between Dhanteras and Diwali. People keep pushing for delivery on the festive day even if we tell them it will be hard to manage,\" he added.The Diwali month has been a bumper one for Bansal's dealership store. \"We got over 30 bookings of top-end cars this month, which is double the number of cars we sell in a month usually,\" he said. \"One of the models priced at around Rs 13 lakh has registered over 100 deliveries this season and there are still many bookings till the season lasts,\" said Sood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187385", "title": "Sweet box violations have residents complaining", "text": "CHANDIGARH: During the festival season, it is not sweets, but sweet boxes that are raising the hackles of residents.Raids are being conducted on various sweet shops, with the UT metrology department (weights and measurement) receiving many complaints regarding boxes. Name and address of a sweet shop not printed on a box, non-issuance of bills, shop owners giving syrupy sweets in polythene bags, not weighing box filled with sweets in front of customers and refusing to give confection in boxes if less amount is purchased are sending angry residents to the department to lodge complaints.\"A consumer has to ensure a few things before buying sweets. A sweet shop's name and address should be clearly written on box, so that the manufacturer can be traced in case of a complaint. Also, residents should check that weight of sweets does not include that of box. We have advised sweet shop owners to mention the weight of box underneath it,\" Balbir Singh Dhol, controller of metrology department, said. \"Besides, the shops cannot refuse to pack less quantity like 700 grams or 800 grams in a box. And the most crucial point is: customers must take bills. Violators can be challaned from Rs 500 to Rs 25,000, depending on the nature of the offence,\" he added. Raids have been conducted on shops in sectors 23, 44, 45 and Industrial Area.The department has received over 20 complaints regarding anomalies in sweet boxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17187889", "title": "Kanakadasa birth anniversary on Dec 1", "text": "HUBLI: The state government has decided to celebrate poet saint Kanakadasa's birth anniversary in a grand manner on December 1 at Kaginele.After a preparatory meeting, Haveri district minister C M Udasi said 'Kanakashree Award' will be presented to eminent persons and a state-level symposium on the life and works of Kanakadasa will also organized as part of the celebrations.The meeting, organized at the zilla panchayat auditorium in Haveri on Saturday, was attended by members of Kaginele Development Authority, Haveri zilla panchayat, ministers Udasi, Basavaraj Bommai, MLAs and others. Kirtana, singing, drama, and other cultural programmes will be organized, along with an exhibition and sale of books on Kanakadasa's works and life, Udasi said.Construction of Kanaka Mantapa, fort entrance, palace entrance and other development projects will be launched at Bada, the birth place of Kanakadasa. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, deputy CM K S Eshwarappa and opposition party leader Siddaramaiah are expected to participate in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17187933", "title": "Sky lanterns will spread green Diwali message", "text": "MANIPAL: On the occasion of Diwali and to create awareness on the harmful effects of crackers, members of Manipal University students' chapter of AIESEC will organize Sky Lantern Project'.They will light hundreds of sky lanterns at End Point Ground in Manipal on Monday evening as part of the event.AIESEC is an international non-profit organization, which is a platform for young people to explore and develop their leadership potential.Abhishek Kochhar, vice-president marketing and communications of AIESEC said the organization will hold similar events in 20 different cities across the country on Monday.\"We are planning to set a Guinness World record by lighting maximum number of sky lanterns simultaneously in 20 cities,\" he added.The theme of the event is \"Go Green.\"Students will collect a minimal entry fee from the participants.According to Abhishek 80 per cent of the revenue generated through the entry fee will be given to a non-governmental organization involved in rehabilitation of child labours working in cracker making factories.\"Every year hundreds of people become deaf, blind and many suffer from respiratory problems due to crackers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17188078", "title": "Ponzi scamster Abhay Gandhi may face life term", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Life just got tougher for ponzi scamsters. The city crime branch has decided to invoke section 409 of the IPC against all such financial fraud accused. This could fetch life imprisonment for them.In a first, crime branch officials booked ponzi accused Abhay Gandhi under IPC section 409. On Sunday, Gandhi was produced before a metropolitan court after being booked under this section. The court granted police further remand of the accused for six days. This takes the total remand of Gandhi with crime branch officials to 14 days - the longest remand period for any ponzi accused.Crime branch officials said that all other ponzi accused are also likely to be booked under this section which is a much more stringent section than IPC section 420. Section 409 refers to criminal breach of trust by public servant, banker, merchant or agent. Application of this section against all ponzi scamsters could mean that all those booked for financial frauds could have their bails cancelled.Assistant commissioner of police, crime branch, Nirlipt Rai, who is the investigating officer of the ponzi case, produced two reports before the court on Sunday. In his first report, Rai sought the court's permission to book Gandhi under section 409 of the IPC. He said in his appeal that any financial institute, bank manager or broker committing a fraud is liable to be booked under this section.In his second report, Rai sought further remand of Gandhi. Crime branch listed nine reasons while seeking Gandhi's remand. In this report, Rai told the court that Gandhi used to be involved in the commodity market too and had invested heavily in gold and silver. He told the court that the investigating agency now wishes to probe further how much money collected from his public-investors Gandhi had invested in this manner.\"Gandhi had absconded after a number of complaints were filed by disgruntled investors. He had fled the city before police could reach him. We want to know who provided him logistical support and where he has hidden his ill-gotten wealth,\" said crime branch sources. Gandhi was arrested on November 3.Section 409, IPCCriminal breach of trust by public servant, banker, merchant or agent. Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or with any dominion over property in his capacity as a public servant or in the way of his business as a banker, merchant, factor, broker, attorney or agent, commits criminal breach of trust in respect of that property, shall be punished with 152 [imprisonment for life], or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to 10 years, and shall also be liable to fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17186209", "title": "Sanjivani to start reaping profits in two years: Deepak", "text": "PONDA: Claiming that the \"vested interests\" of some politicians from the former Congress government had turned Goa's lone sugar factory, into a \"white elephant\", minister for cooperation Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar vowed to ensure that the factory would turn into a profit-making unit in two years.Dhavalikar, who was a part of the former government, told TOI that the new government has introduced several measures to save the Sanjivani Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana (Sanjivani Cooperative Sugar Factory), at Dayanandnagar, Dharbandora.Dhavalikar said the previous government had purchased a harvesting machine that had no use. \"The 1.5 crore machine is useless and public money has been wasted on it. We are now planning to auction it to recover something out of it,\" Dhavalikar said.He also criticized the policy of the then government of using seeds produced using old technology that yield very little crop. \"The state currently produces 50 tonnes of sugarcane per hectare, but the new seeds would help produce 80 to 100 tonnes per hectare. We have also appointed two agricultural officers to monitor the cultivation,\" Dhavalikar said.After the factory starts making a profit, it would would be handed over to sugarcane-cultivating farmers, as the factory is a cooperative unit, he added.The factory has 1,150 sugarcane cultivators, who supply sugarcane to it, but the government expects the number of cultivating farmers to rise to 2,000 by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17188721", "title": "Encroachers cause traffic chaos", "text": "VARANASI: Despite being warned by the traffic police against encroaching roads on Dhanteras, traders in several areas put their products on display by the roadside, causing major troubles for commuters on Sunday.SP traffic GN Khanna said a massive drive was launched on the eve of Dhanteras on Saturday when the traffic personnel not only ensured removal of encroachments from Maldahiya, Lahurabir, Chowkaghat, and Pandeypur, but also issued a warning to many furniture traders against encroaching upon the road for displaying their products. Khanna said the traders were told that any encroachment would make them liable to be punished under sections of IPC, traffic rules and UP Urban Development Act. He said video documentation of encroachments had also been conducted to produce evidence before the court. However, with the opening of the markets on Sunday but also in Lahurabir, Maldahiya, Pandeypur, Orderly Bazar, Lanka, Kamaksha, Manduadih and even Ramnagar.Traffic month update: Under the ongoing traffic month, the traffic police challaned 264 vehicles on Saturday while five vehicles were also seized for violation of traffic norms. The cops realised Rs 27,100 as penalty. The SP traffic GN Khanna also issued instructions to his subordinates for keeping the traffic regulated during festivities. morning, the traders began making a mockery of these efforts by the traffic police.Traders of utensils, idols, food and gift items, furniture, and electric appliances installed counters outside their shops by capturing a major portion of the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17188738", "title": "Last-minute shopping rush in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Only on November 7, the city came to a grinding halt and wore a deserted look due to a bandh. But on Sunday, Madurai appeared to have bounced back to normalcy with people coming on to the streets ahead of the Diwali festival.Festive mood has already set in and many residents began bursting crackers setting the tone for the celebrations to come. But there were hundreds more, who found their excitement in last-minute shopping. They were negotiating through the crowded commercial streets of Madurai to lay their hands on the best clothes for the festive day.On Sunday, the commercial streets of the temple city were filled with a maddening crowd busy shopping. The South Masi Street, Jadamuni Koil Street, Vilakuthoon area, East Veli Street, Nethaji Road and Town Hall, that house much of the city's famous and not so famous clothing outlets, sweet shops, jewellery shops and electronic goods were milling with crowd.It was not just the residents of Madurai district who were found shopping, but people from far away villages in Sivaganga, Ramanathapuram and Virudhunagar districts rubbed shoulders with denizens of the city, picking and choosing the apparels for Diwali.Traders said that business was at its peak. \"Usually, people throng our shops the day before Diwali. But this year, they have come two days before the festival,\" said a textile outlet executive.Ganagambiga a resident of Silaiman said, \"Yes, usually many from our village come for the purchase the day before Diwali. But this year, over the past week bus services were suspended to our area several times, especially in the night due to the communal tension. So, we did not want to take chances,\" she said.Many villagers had arrived in Madurai early in the day itself. \"We are carrying a lot of cash. When we return, we would be carrying expensive goods. Since there are frequent power cuts, there is a fear of pickpocketing and theft. So we wanted to leave before dark,\" said Ragavendran from Kallandiri. Not just clothes, people also busy buying electronic items, mobile phones and even furniture as the traders had offered luring discounts.Police have erected makeshift watch towers and personnel with binoculars stand mounted on the towers in the commercial streets to manage the crowd as well as to keep away thieves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187111", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board drive for a 'quieter' Diwali", "text": "LUCKNOW: The extra-watchful Pollution Control Board might take some boom out of Diwali. The crackers will light up the skies but not with the same 'resonant' sound. Crackers beyond the permissible 125 decibel noise level will be out of the markets.The Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) began its drive against booming crackers on Friday. And if the board remains unrelenting, city may see a less deafening Diwali as compared to previous years.\"Branded crackers follow the norms but problem lies with the country-made bombs,\" said SK Misra, in charge, PCB regional office, Lucknow. On Friday, PCB officials visited area around Rastogi Inter College in Aishbagh which has maximum permanent cracker shops. The board officials will also inspect temporary cracker shops across the city. A cracker which records a noise level more than 125 decibels, four metres away from the spot where it has been burnt, is considered 'noisy' and dangerous for human health.The noise pollution generated by crackers is a cumulative effect of sizeable number of crackers burst in a locality. The booming crackers can have severe ill-effects on human health. \"Crackers found crossing the permissible limits will be seized,\" said the official. The permissible standard of 125 decibels was fixed in 2006, and if found needful, board can always recommend its revision. PCB will also start monitoring of noise levels pre-and post-Diwali. The board will monitor the levels in residential, commercial and industrial areas. Among the areas under scanner are Vikasnagar, Gomtinagar, Indiranagar, IT Crossing, Hazratganj, Telibagh and Thakurganj. The noise monitoring will be done from November 11 to 14. It's an annual exercise every Diwali and each year noise levels register at least 32-40% increase post-Diwali.In case the noise pollution level touches the danger mark, PCB might recommend the revision of permissible limits. The air pollution will also be monitored by the central laboratory of Pollution Control Board. Meanwhile, the staff of Lucknow zoo staged a 'nukkad natak' to create awareness about the ill-effects of bursting crackers not only the environment but also humans. The staff dressed up as zoo animals spread the message among the visitors and the people living around the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188623", "title": "For sex workers, rehab is no longer relapse", "text": "KOCHI: For sex workers seeking to break out of a life of exploitation and indignity, the fear that their escape could be short-lived may no longer haunt them.In a rehabilitation scheme prepared by a panel constituted by the Supreme Court, the government will help them start life afresh either as an entrepreneur, by providing the necessary funds to set up business, or help them pursue education or a job.According to the scheme, sex workers or victims can choose the place where they would like to receive benefit under the scheme. They also have the option of either being rehabilitated in an institution or stay at a rented premises.To assist a sex worker in her rehabilitation, the panel has introduced the concept of 'mentor'. The mentor will be appointed by a monitoring team consisting of victims, government officials and social workers. A mentor will help the sex worker achieve her goal of pursuing education, vocational training, a job or setting up an economic enterprise.\"To set up a business enterprise, the Department of Women and Child Development will provide a grant of Rs 25,000 -- which may go up to Rs 50,000 depending on the project. The grant will be sanctioned after the submission of a business plan with a proper budget by the sex worker with the help of the mentor,\" the panel submitted.The SC had entrusted the panel with the task while dealing with a criminal appeal filed by an accused who brutally murdered a sex worker in Kolkata.While hearing the matter on November 8, the SC directed all state governments and the Union government for their response to the scheme, which the panel has suggested should be a national scheme. To ensure that sex workers are not denied various government schemes, they will also be provided voting, ration and aadhar cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17188180", "title": "Govt declares war on Japanese encephalitis", "text": "GAYA: Virtually declaring war against Japanese encephalitis (JE), the disease that took an epidemic form last year, the state government on Sunday unveiled the roadmap to eradicate JE through comprehensive and 100% immunization of all children in the 1-15 age group in Gaya and Aurangabad districts.The JE eradication campaign is to formally begin on November 22 and the target is to secure hundred per cent immunization in three weeks. The campaign period may be extended by a couple of days in remote and inaccessible areas. Elsewhere in the state, administration of anti-encephalitis vaccine is being made part of the routine immunization process. Children out of school, too, will be covered during the campaign.Formally announcing the strategy to contain encephalitis and ensure total eradication, principal secretary, health, Vyasji, told mediapersons in Gaya on Sunday evening that a comprehensive survey of children vulnerable to the JE virus had been completed and about 23 lakh children in the 1-15 age group belonging to both the sexes have been identified for mass immunization in the two districts of Magadh division. About 14.82 lakh vulnerable children are in Gaya district while another 8.49 lakh are in Aurangabad district.Admitting to shortcomings in the immunization programme undertaken about three years back, Vyasji said that the health officials had learnt the right lessons from past mistakes and a near foolproof strategy has been worked out this time to ensure target achievement and maintenance of the vaccine preservation protocol. The vaccine has to be kept at a temperature of 2-8 degree celsius and effective steps have been taken to maintain the cold chain. The vaccine vial undergoes change of colour in case of protocol violation and the health staff have been properly trained to identify the genuineness of the vaccine.Dispelling the impression that only children belonging to the poor and less privileged sections are vulnerable to Japanese encephalitis, Vyasji made it clear that the virus does not make any artificial differentiation between its potential victims on the basis of income and status and as such, universal immunization was a must for the campaign's success. Altogether 550 teams have been constituted in Gaya district for the administration of anti-encephalitis vaccine and the number of teams doing the job in Aurangabad has been put at 527. Effective monitoring of the campaign will be done at different levels. Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi was present at the media briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17188707", "title": "Heavy rush at Annapurna temple", "text": "VARANASI: While thousands of devotees offered prayers at the temple of Goddess Annapurna, the city's markets witnessed heavy buying of idols, utensils, ornaments and other articles on the occasion of Dhanteras on Sunday.It is worth mentioning here that the golden idol of Goddess Annapurna at the temple located inside the Kashi Vishwanath-Gyanvapi complex is opened for devotees on the occasion of Dhanteras every year. The devotees are also given coins, famously known as 'khazana' of Goddess Annapurna, by the temple authorities on the occasion. To enter the temple, thousands of devotees had started queuing up in the barricaded areas past midnight on Saturday.To avoid problems for the devotees and in view of the rush of buyers in the markets of adjoining areas, traffic restrictions were imposed by the traffic police. Apart from restricting entry of four wheelers, the police had also ensured that no VIP reached the temple with his motorcade. The arrangements for the parking of vehicles of officials of district administration, police and of VIPs were made at Chowk police station, Maidagin and Godowlia area.Meanwhile, though the prices of idols of Goddess Laxmi and Lord Ganesh were higher than usual in almost all the markets, the idol sellers at Chowk market, where beautifully decorated idols brought from Kolkata were on display, witnessed great demand. The jewellery shops began pulling crowds early in the morning while buying of utensils, electronic appliances and automobiles also gained momentum by late afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187467", "title": "Pass Lokpal bill by 2014 or I go on fast: Hazare tells govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Anna Hazare on Sunday warned the government that he will go on fast if a strong Lokpal bill was not passed by Parliament by 2014.Hazare had earlier said that he would not go on fast again to press for any demand. Addressing volunteers after inaugurating the new office of his apolitical front in the Capital, the anti-corruption activist said, \"I am ready to break that pledge in case the Jan Lokpal bill is not passed by the government before the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. I may fast at Ramlila Maidan.\"On his 13-day fast at Ramlila Maidan in August, he accused the prime minister of cheating him by claiming that they had passed a resolution to incorporate his demands in the Lokpal bill. \"If there was no such promise, I would not have broken my fast. The prime minister gave a promise and then I broke the fast. He has cheated me. We do not support the government version of Lokpal bill,\" he said.Taking on the political leadership of the country Hazare said there was no scarcity of leaders but the problem was that these people were involved in scams such as allocation of coal blocks and 2G spectrum.Admitting that there was a split in the team after Arvind Kejriwal's supporters decided to enter politics, Hazare advised his supporters not to enter into a \"squabble\" with opponents. \"Yes, our team has spilt. But I believe both the paths are necessary. We thought that politics is not our way. We will not be enemies. A volunteer can choose his path. They should be clear in their mind. It should not be that they change minds frequently,\" he said.The fight for corruption-free India and Jan Lokpal bill, right to reject and empowering gram sabhas would continue, he said, adding that they were earlier fighting only against corruption but now it had become a fight to change the entire system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187713", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLand availability, skilled labour and new biz critical for industrial growth in Nashik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Vice-president of Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce , Industry &amp; Agriculture (MCCI&A;) Santosh Mandlecha, speaks to TOI about the state of economic growth in the Nashik regionWhat is the present industrial and agricultural scenario?Industrial growth in Nashik has not come about because of any political or special effort. The geographic location of Nashik is the major reason for its success in industry. The present industrial situation is neither good nor bad. It is balanced although there has been a slowdown. Those industries which will utilize management skills with better coordination with workers and achieve competitiveness, will survive during the recession.There has been satisfactory rainfall in Nashik district compared to other districts in Maharashtra. Hence, we hope to have good agricultural production in the district. The condition of tehsils, which have been pronounced as drought-hit areas by the state government, are really bad. But overall, we hope the balance in Nashik will be maintained.How has the growth of Maharashtra been compared to other states in the country?The industrial growth of Nashik is natural. We are equidistant from, both, Mumbai and Pune. Also Mumbai being the nation's economic capital helps industry in the state in getting huge benefits. Maharashtra is doing pioneering work compared to other states due to higher level of skilled manpower.What are problems industries face in the region?Water is one of the major problems industry in Nashik facec. Industries are not getting water regularly from Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). We have been following up with MIDC for the last few years for the laying of an additional pipeline for the industries. Secondly, the industrial areas of MIDC in Nashik region are fully occupied. There is no land available for new industries or for existing industries to expand manufacturing capacity in the city. This land scarcity is adversely affecting industrial growth in the region. The MIDC is in the process of acquiring land at Wadivarhe, near Nashik. Industrial growth will happen there once the land acquisition is completed. Road infrastructure is also very old.There has been no road widening for for the last two decades. Moreover, Maharashtra Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) has hiked power tariff upto 35% and that, too, is badly affecting growth. Power is crucial for steel, plastic, glass and foundry industries, and it includes upto 40% of the production cost. Power tariffs in other states is lower by 30-40%. It has therefore become difficult for industries in Maharashtra to compete with other states in terms of industrial competitiveness. Another major problem is of non-availability of unskilled labour. Workers are not easily available even if they are paid more.What the MCCI&A; is doing to promote industry?We are making efforts to bring in large investment in the Nashik region. Small industries have come up as ancillaries due to growth of large industries. Investment is coming in to Maharashtra to a large extent and hence, our priority will be to bring it to Nashik. There is a recession in the US, and other European countries, due to which industries in these countries are facing problems, manufacturing has become un affordable to them. Hence, many of these industries have their eyes set on India as their manufacturing hub. We want to woo them to Nashik.We are also taking efforts to build skilled manpower. We have tied up with two educational institutes to provide Six Sigma training to management students and recently organized a seminar on the subject where nearly 100 management students participated. MCCI&A; has also commenced a novel project, 'Mala Udyojak Vhayachay' (I Want To Become An Industrialist). We recently conducted two such programmes in Nashik and one in Sangamner. We are also planning a food cluster for women.Labour shortage is a major issue in the agriculture sector? What is MCCI&A; doing to sort out the issue?It is a fact that there is a huge shortage of labour in agriculture sector and they are not easily available even after paying more. Hence, we are focusing on mechanisation of farming and use of maximum equipments to overcome labour shortage. The MCCI&A; has been organising agriculture expo after every two years for the past few years to get farmers acquainted with the advanced agricultural equipments and agricultural technology.What are the issues pending with the state government?The Maharashtra state government has chalked out a new industrial policy, but it has not been introduced. MCCI&A; is following up on the issue with the state government to introduce the policy at the earliest.What are your priorities as vice-president of MCCI&A;?Industrial growth in Nashik region has been affected due to non-availability of land. My first priority will be to make efforts to make more land available for industrial growth. Second priority will be to explore the availability of skilled manpower. I will also make efforts to bring in new industrial investment in the Nashik region.What growth do you see in Nashik over the next five years ?The growth in Mumbai and Pune has already crossed a saturation level. Today, Nashik has emerged as the 16th fastest developing city in the world and 4th fastest city in the country. Nashik has become a major industrial destination in the country and most of the industries are eying Nashik to set up their base. I expect 30- 40% t growth in Nashik over the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188295", "title": "Bratya Basu launches new education scheme", "text": "KOLKATA: Education minister Bratya Basu launched a new education scheme - Sab Boi Porboi - at an awards ceremony in Town Hall on Sunday. The programme was organized by the state school education department and UNICEF on the occasion of National Education Day.Under the scheme, the government will distribute books on various topics pertaining to the new syllabus that it is framing.Speaking at the awards ceremony to honour schools qualifying for the Sishumitra Vidyalaya Puraskar, the minister said the government was trying to bring out the best in education by combining the western and eastern models. \"We have appointed teachers in primary, secondary and higher education sections and a workshop will be held at Netaji Indoor stadium next month which will be attended by 75,000 teachers,\" Basu said. The minister also gave away awards to students who had participated in a statewide sit-and-draw competition on water, sanitation and hygiene.Besides launching the scheme, Basu also made a slew of announcements. From next year, the school education department will organize the Jamini Roy awards to felicitate schools that make themselves visually appealing.This apart, the government was also working on a GIS mapping project which will provide complete data of all schools in the state and will be accessible to all.SN Dave, a wash specialist of the UNICEF office in the state, said that the Nirmal Vidyalaya Puraskar, which has also been initiated along with the Sishumitra Vidyalaya Puraskar, was a great example to show how education, water, hygiene and sanitation could all be put together.\"We will take the competition to the high school and higher secondary level from next year,\" school education department secretary Arnab Roy said.State school and higher education minister Bratya Basu launched a new educational scheme - 'Sab Boi Porboi' and awarded school children who participated in the state wide sit and draw competition on water, sanitation and hygiene.Attending the award ceremony organised on the occasion of national education day on Sunday at Town Hall organised by the state school education department with UNICEF support to honour qualifying schools across the state with Sishumitra Vidyalaya Puraskar that was announced last year, Basu said that the government was working on to bring out the best education by combining the western and eastern model. \"We have appointed teachers in primary, secondary and higher education sections and a workshop will be held at Netaji Indoor stadium next month which will be attended by 75,000 teachers,\" the minister said. The government of India has declared November 11, the birth anniversary of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad as national education day.Minister Bratya Basu also said that from next year, the school education department will also hold a Jamini Roy awards that will be awarded on district wise to schools that will decorate themselves as visually appealing.The minister launched the 'Sab Boi Porboi\" scheme in which books on various topics will be distributed according to the new syllabus that the government was framing.The government was also working on a GIS mapping project in which there will be a complete data of information of all schools of the state. The data will be available to everyone that will provide all information about the schools.SN Dave, a wash specialist of the UNICEF office for West Bengal said that the Nirmal Vidyalaya Puraskar, which has also been initiated along with the Sishumitra Vidyalaya Puraskar was a great example as to how education, water, hygiene and sanitation all could be put in together.State school education department secretary Arnab Roy said that the Nirmal Vidyalaya competition was the first of its kind in the country. \"We will take over the competition to the high school and higher secondary level from next year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187886", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation passes buck on to NGO for dog sterilization", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) had given stray dogs to an NGO for sterilization following which it now seems to be have washed off its hands off the isse.The NGO, that sterilised 18 stray dogs in a week and is in the process of sterilising 12 more, is now faced with a financial crunch, since it already has a growing brood of sick and injured animals that it has been attending to.Following the Satpur dog mauling incident, animal welfare organization Sharan had taken the responsibility of sterilizing dogs at its Shelter given the fact that the NMC had not yet started with its sterilization programme after the contract of the private agency had expired. After the Satpur incident, it was decided that the NMC's rescue squad would transport the stray dogs to the shelter in the dog vans and the NGO would sterilize the dogs till the NMC's own sterilisation programme took off.In a general body meeting in August 23, it was decided that the NMC, and not a private contractor, would sterilize dogs. It was decided that an NGO's assistance would be sought for the purpose.After the Satpur dog bite mishap, the NGO and the NMC came to an understanding that the latter would transport dogs division wise to the NGO for sterilization.\"We don't have place for 38 dogs at our shelter. We cannot adjust our finances since we have been using our own funds to sterilize city dog's. We want the NMC to pay for the sterilization, medicines and food. We are not asking anything for us. We have written a letter to the NMC recently and they said they would discuss it with us,\" said Sharanya Shetty, founder of the NGO. An municipal corporation official confirmed receiving the letter and said a meeting would be held soon over it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187553", "title": "Hunt on for missing gown in Bandra rape", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the rape of a Spanish woman at her Bandra flat have deployed a sniffer dog squad to look for the victim's missing gown, which is a crucial piece of evidence in the case. Cops have so far recovered a stolen camera, watch, earring and foreign currency belonging to the victim. The accused, Anwar Mohammad Ansari, is in police custody till November 16.During interrogation, Ansari told cops he had dumped the victim's gown after the incident on November 5. The police are now conducting searches with the canine squad at locations specified by the accused.\"We are also looking into the possibility of the accused having raped other women in the past but the cases having gone unreported or unsolved. Where cases haven't been reported, we will now bring them on the record,\" said additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil, who is personally supervising the probe. \"We will take Ansari with us to the spots to reconstruct the sequence of events.\"The victim has already left the country and gone back to her hometown. The police are now focusing on building a watertight case against Ansari by gathering forensic and scientific evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "malappuram/ kozhikode", "code": "17188684", "title": "Supply of LPG cylinders in Malabar region hit again", "text": "MALAPPURAM/ KOZHIKODE: The disruption in the distribution of LPG cylinders across Malabar is likely to worsen in the coming days with the deadlock continuing in the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) bottling plant at Chelari over loading and unloading of cylinders.LPG distribution from the plant to Kasargod, Kannur, Kozhikode, Wayanad, Malappuram and Palakkad districts is severely hit after the contractor of the loading and unloading works ended his contract on Friday following the 'breach of promise' by the IOC on the wage hike for the contract workers.The contractor backed out from the contract after the IOC authorities failed to keep their promises regarding the hike in wages of contract workers, throwing the cooking gas distribution in six districts out of gear. As thing stands, the distribution of the LPG across the north Kerala can be resumed only after the appointment of new contractor.The LPG distribution in the Malabar districts had disrupted for more than one week from October 16, following the strike of contract workers at the plant.The issue was resolved when IOC authorities agreed to hike the wages of workers. of each worker by Rs 5,000, at a meeting convened by district collector of Malappuram, M C Mohandas. Though the workers resumed the bottling and loading works in plant after the consensus, the IOC authorities have failed to keep their promise given to the loading and unloading workers.But later, IOC went back from their earlier stand on wage hikeand managed to obtain a stay order on it from the high court which ordered to maintain the status quo for next three months.The contractor of loading and unloading works, VVP Nair decided to discontinue contract period, when the IOC authorities asked him to hike the wages of workers at his own risk and informed him that IOC couldnot provide fund for the hike. But now, the IOC authorities say that they are ready to hike the wages of loading and unloading workers under new contractor by 38%. But it is pointed out that this would not be acceptable to the workers.The distribution of LPG from plant almost stopped on Saturday and the situation is likely to worsen further on Monday. More than two hundred bullet tankers and trucks carrying LPG cylinders are waiting in long queue in front of the plant.The central executive member of IOC Employees Union, M C Sivadas told TOI that the union members held a discussion with the contractors of house keeping and transport sections at the plant and they were ready to take over the contract of loading and unloading section. \"But the IOC authorities should be ready to take a final decision regarding the hike in wages of the employees ,\" he said.Chief plant manager of IOC, S Bhaskaran said that the issue was pending with the assistant labour commissioner (ALC) and the company was hopeful that the dispute would be settled soon.The District collector M C Mohandas said that Labour commissioner would convene a meeting of the representatives of company management and the workers on November 14 to resolve the issue. \"We had settled all the issues related to the wages of workers in last meeting. As the company approached the court, we will try to resolve issue through dialogue,\" he said.Meanwhile, residents in Kozhikode city are worst affected with delivery disruptions due to issues at the Chelari plant as many of the gas agencies in Kozhikode are running short of cylinders.The district is experiencing a shortage of over 10,000 gas cylinders, according to gas distributors. \"We are not able to supply gas cylinders owing to the break in supply,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17185671", "title": "Arunachal gears up for Taekwondo championship", "text": "ITANAGAR: Preparations are on in full swing at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Naharlagun for the 32nd National Junior Boys &amp; Girls Taekwondo Championship. Over 650 players from 33 states and a central organization will be participating in the 3-day national event, said Arunachal Taekwondo Association (ATA) president Kipa Kaha in a press conference held here today. So far, 505 players from 23 states have confirmed their participation, he said.The championship will be held in 10 weight categories for both boys and girls. A total of 80 medals-30 gold , 20 silver and 40 bronze, will be up for grabs, Kaha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17186436", "title": "Fake baba held in Vijayawada", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: A fake baba from Visakhapatnam was thrashed by locals here on Sunday after his promises to make gold from sand and currency notes from old paper bundles turned out to be a hoax. The locals beat him after realising that they had wasted nearly Rs 50 lakh for the tantrik pujas. The baba was rescued by the police and taken into custody.The fake baba was first approached by APSRTC conductor K Srinivasa Rao of Patamatalanka area. He quit his job and entered the real estate business about two years ago. He started venturing in construction sector in the city after disposing of his ancestral land holdings. He incurred losses in the business which forced him to resort to short-cuts to recover from the losses. In the process, he approached Ch Bhaskara Rao seeking his 'divine' intervention to solve his problems. Bhaskara Rao promised to perform tantrik pujas and miracles such as converting sand into gold at the end of puja. Srinivasa Rao provided him with all the facilities at one of his flats in Patamata area. The baba launched the pujas about 20 days ago and started setting new conditions saying 'amma' was angry with the devotees. Curiously, Srinivasa Rao is believed to have introduced some of his friends to the baba and told them about baba's miracles. Lured by these promises, they also invested in these pujas. With no miracle happening, they started suspecting the baba and grilled him. They had spent nearly Rs 50 lakh.Srinivasa Rao and his friends approached the police on Sunday. They slapped the baba with chappals and sticks.A massive number of liquor bottles were found in the flat where the baba reportedly performed these pujas. The victims told the police that they had supplied these bottles to the baba. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17188126", "title": "Shah puts Mumbai on top against Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Mumbai consolidated to a position of strength on a dull day of cricket on the third day of the Ranji Trophy match against hosts Rajasthan at KL Saini Stadium on Sunday.With the Rajasthan attack lacking penetration and the wicket missing bite, Mumbai, chasing 478 in the first innings, were comfortably placed at 360 for three at stumps.With a draw almost a foregone conclusion, first innings lead is what will count here and Mumbai are well placed to get that. Four of the five batsmen on display on Sunday got half-centuries and more, with one even going on to get a century. Hiken Shah carried on from his 92 for Mumbai A against England, to score an unconquered 118.However, it was Mumbai skipper Rohit Sharma , who was in the spotlight after lunch. He scored 79 before being bowled by Rituraj Singh, the hosts' best bowler on Sunday. For, Rajasthan, it was a hard day's work, with all the close calls also going against them. The elegance which makes Rohit stand apart was on show for the 500-odd spectators gathered here.Fluent cover drives and soft flicks had the bowlers guessing as they weren't sure what was the right line to bowl to him.However, there were also the slashes, which could easily have taken the edge before going to the wicketkeeper. It is these slashes which Rohit would have to check to script a meaningful international career. In fact, he was castled going for a flourishing drive towards the end of the day and missing the line completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186774", "title": "2 brothers drown in Chakan lake", "text": "PUNE: Two brothers, aged 15 and 12, drowned in a lake at Kadachi Wadi village near Chakan, around 60 km from here, on Sunday afternoon.Pratik Baliram Khandebharad and his younger brother Abhishek had taken their cattle for grazing near the lake. The incident came to light when villagers noticed their clothes lying on the bank of the lake.The Chakan police said that on Sunday morning, Pratik and Abhishek tied the cattle to the trees and probably entered the lake.\"The villagers told us that the boys did not know how to swim,\" said a police official.He said that around 2.30 pm, some villagers saw Pratik and Abhishek's clothes and searched for them near the lake, alerted other villagers and the police. The villagers brought Pratik and Abhishek out of the lake and rushed them to the government hospital in Chakan. They were declared dead on arrival.Pratik and Abhishek were students of Shivaji Vidyamandir in Chakan. Pratik was studying in std IX and Abhishek in std VI. Their father, Baliram, is an employee of an engineering college in Pimpri, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186497", "title": "Family leaves behind baby's body on train", "text": "CHENNAI: Three members of a family, in a hurry to alight from a local EMU train at Tiruvallur, left behind the body of a three-day-old baby girl in one of the coaches. The baby died in a hospital on Saturday evening.Government Railway Police (GRP) officials said a passenger who boarded the same compartment when the train was returning from Tiruvallur on Saturday morning saw the body kept inside a bag. He informed the station manager when the train reached Avadi.Policemen, who recovered the body from the train, found a sticker on the baby's hand mentioning a serial number and 'KMCH', indicating that the baby had been admitted to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital. Policemen contacted with hospital and found that the baby belonged to Malathi and Venkatesan of Periapalayam.Malathi was admitted to the hospital with labour pain on November 7. She delivered a baby girl on November 8. The baby, which had symptoms of hydrocephalus (a buildup of fluid inside the skull) and was kept in the intensive care unit (ICU) for the next two days, died without responding to treatment on Saturday.Investigators obtained the couple's address from the hospital and questioned them. The family said they accidentally forgot to take the bag with them while alighting from the train. Venkatesan told police he was returning from the hospital with his wife and mother-in-law. All three got off the train without taking the bag containing the body, each thinking that one of the others have taken it.\"After the train left the station, we realised that we forgot to take the bag with the body,\" Venkatesan said. Not knowing what to do, they went home at 11.30pm and informed neighbours about what had happened. The child's body was in the train the whole night, police said. Police sent the body for postmortem. However, preliminary reports suggested that the child died due to ill health. This was the couple's third baby, police said.Last week, a 10-day-old girl was found abandoned on an EMU train plying between Tiruvallur and Central.The baby was packed in a box with a torn mattress, oversized clothes and a bottle of milk. Police have sent the blood samples for a DNA test to confirm that the baby belonged to couple Kalaiarasi and Ravi whose baby was stolen from RSRM Hosptial in Royapuram. The same day police also recovered the body of a newborn girl in New Washermenpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17186165", "title": "Don't let Diwali flash and burn", "text": "Diwali may be synonymous with dhoom dhadaka and firecrackers, but the fiery sources of joy can turn into sources of distress too. Burns, injuries, irritation and allergies rise manifold during the festive season. A little caution, however, can keep the blues at bay, helping you revel in the festival of lights. TOI gives you a list of precautions that could help you have a Happy Diwali.EYESInjuries sustained in the eye due to crackers can cause permanent eye damage, and partial or complete loss of vision. In case of a serious injury, the complete eye may need to removed.PRECAUTIONSChildren must use firecrackers only under supervisionIf injured, do not rub the eyesDon't wash eyes with tap water, as it increases chances of infectionDon't use any medication without consulting a doctorShield the eye and take any injured person to the nearest doctor, even if the injury is mildIn India, doctors see around 5,000 cases of childhood blindness every year due to firework injuries. Some 60% of those affected are below 20 years of age and 80% are males. Fireworks contain charcoal, sulphur, nitrates, chlorates, perchlorates and other chemicals, which give off numerous harmful gases when they are set off. These harm the eyes, respiratory tract and skin.Dr Ashok Madan, head of the ophthalmology department, Government Medical College and HospitalEARSLoud noise of the crackers can induce deafness. If the cracker is too close to the ear, the eardrum may get perforated. Depending on the severity and proximity of the sudden blast, deafness may be temporary or permanentPRECAUTIONSOpen grounds are preferable places to light firecrackers, not narrow lanesAvoid using bombs that are known to produce very loud soundsWhile outside, keep some distance away from where crackers are being burst, and cover your earsIf there is a ringing sensation in ears after bursting firecrackers, go to the doctorThe government policy on setting acceptable levels of noise that a firecracker can produce is a good move. Perhaps, the decibel levels can also be listed on the packages of these fireworks.Dr Prashant Nikhade, ENT surgeonBREATHINGChange of season from rainy to winter is bad enough for those suffering from conditions like asthma. The large amount of pollutants in the air released by firecrackers makes the condition even worse for these people.PRECAUTIONEnsure that you purchase crackers of a good brandAvoid all places that are being cleaned, for at least a couple of hours after the cleaningCover your mouth with a wet cloth if exposure to dust cannot be avoidedEnsure your vaccinations are done before DiwaliOn Diwali day, avoid going outdoors as far as possibleEven as the cleaning begins at homes, we start getting patients suffering from allergies. Pollination and pollution together make for a very bad combination for people prone to allergies.Dr Rajesh Swarnakar, pulmonologistSKIN ALLERGIESExposure of the skin to various pollutants affects those with sensitive skin badly. The dry weather does not help them at all.PRECAUTIONSMaintain a distance of one full arm and turn your face in the other direction while lighting fireworksApply a lot of moisturizerBombs which have a lot of gunpowder must be avoided altogetherStick to smaller bombs and sparklers as far as possibleDry, itchy skin is a very common complaint during and before Diwali. Some people may also develop rashes, some others may have a more severe reaction in the form of swelling all over their bodiesDr Sanjay Dayani, dermatologistBURNINGBurns can either be flash burns that are sustained due to sudden explosions, or blast burns which happen when crackers explode in one's hands or very close to a personPRECAUTIONSWhile bursting crackers, one must wear cotton clothes as they don't catch fire easily and do not stick to the bodyPlace a couple of buckets of water close to the place where children are lighting crackersDon't try to reignite crackers which did not go off when lit the first timeIf burns are sustained, pour water continuously on the burned area and go to a doctor immediatelyAmitabh Bachchan still sports a scar on one of his hands that was a result of a burn injury sustained during childhood. The common areas affected by flash burns are eyes and face while hands and feet, including mutilated fingers, are caused by blast burns.Dr Jitendra Hazare, paediatric surgeon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190937", "title": "Daggubati Rana\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s KVJ gets a massive release", "text": "Daggubati Rana-starrer Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is gearing for release in 1000 screens worldwide on November 30, 2012. This will be the biggest release for the handsome actor till date. The action adventure, directed by Krish, has Rana (playing B.Tech Babu) and Nayanthara (journalist) while Brahmanandam, Kota Srinivas Rao and Milind Gunaji will be seen in the supporting roles.Rana said, \"Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is the story of a theatre actor called B.Tech Babu, who goes to Bellary from Hyderabad to perform one last play reluctantly before he leaves to the US. He doesn't just enact those roles but also experiences each one of the powerful characters. I'm excited and confident that audience will love this film.\"Director Krish said, \"Rana's fans can save crackers for another round of bursts at the time of release as they will see their hero Rana's outstanding performance in the film in different avatars\".Mani Sharma's music has received great response, and a few numbers also topped various chart busters. 'Victory' Venkatesh plays a cameo role in KVJ and Sameera Reddy has performed an item number. Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is jointly produced by Saibabu Jagarlamudi &amp; Y Rajeev Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187483", "title": "Senior citizen killed in hit-and-run", "text": "A man, Shriram Hiranandani (82), was on his way to a bank in Bhandup (W), when he was killed in a hit-and-run mishap on the Thane-Mumbai stretch of the LBS Marg on Saturday morning. Cops said an auto driver passing by took him to hospital.The driver who mowed down Hiranandani is at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186870", "title": "'Implement project in more areas'", "text": "PUNE: After the successful implementation of the 24x7 water supply in Yamunanagar in Nigdi, several corporators have demanded that the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) implement the project in other areas as well.Incidentally, former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, during his visit to the township last week, had announced that the PCMC would provide 24 x 7 water supply to the entire township in two years.Pimpri-Chinchwad zonal ward committee president Mandakini Thakre said, \"I have demanded that the 24x7 water supply be implemented in Ajmera-Masulkar colony, Kharalwadi and other areas facing severe water shortage. The PCMC collects water bills from people; it is its duty to provide adequate water to consumers.\"Kailas Kadam, opposition leader and Congress corporator from Kharalwadi, said that a separate elevated storage reservoir (ESR) should be built for Kharalwadi residents. The area has been getting inadequate water supply for around eight months, he said.NCP corporator Shamim Pathan said, \"Half of my ward in Chinchwadgaon receives water supply at a low pressure. Civic officials say water released from the treatment plants does not fill the ESRs at Bijlinagar, Nehrunagar and other areas completely. As a result, the surrounding areas do not get enough water. The civic water supply department must take steps to provide adequate water supply at full pressure to areas like Udyamnagar in my ward.\"Corporators have made similar demands for areas like Charholi, Mohannagar, Dapodi, Talawade, Kasarwadi and Phugewadi.PCMC city engineer M T Kamble said, \"A lot of planning is needed to implement the project. We were able to successfully implement it after four years in Yamunannagar. We will need to plan properly before implementing it in other parts of the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186769", "title": "Property dispute may have led to contractor's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaug police suspect that a dispute over property could be the reason behind the murder of 65-year-old civil contractor Tejbahadur Singh Thakur.Four unidentified persons had come looking for Thakur at Limaye Wadi in Sadashiv Peth. On of them shot Thakur at a point-blank range in front of the building he was constructing around 9pm on Saturday.The Vishrambaug police and the crime branch have fanned five teams to trace the assailants.Senior inspector of the Vishrambaug police station Arjun Sakunde told TOI that according to the statements of Thakur's relatives, he had not received any threat calls nor had any one demanded extortion from him. \"We are probing the possibility of a property dispute behind the murder. We have also come to know that Thakur was a moneylender. We are investigating the case from that angle too,\" Sakunde said.Sakunde said police were looking for the CCTV footages from nearby shops and establishments.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said, four teams from the crime branch are investigating the case.\"Teams from unit-I, anti-extortion cell, anti-organised crime cell and anti-dacoity cell have been roped into the investigations,\" Bansode said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17188203", "title": "How 7 cops helped drunk drivers", "text": "BANGALORE: Seven traffic policemen have been suspended in the recent past for allegedly trying to make a fast buck by bending rules and shortchanging gullible motorists.The last of the suspensions had the department giving the boot to a sub-inspector and a constable of Adugodi traffic police, senior officers said.The guilty personnel gave a short shrift to the stipulation that no spot fine should be levied on those found driving under the influence of alcohol. They allegedly collected more than the stipulated fine from drivers as a fee to help them escape from appearing in court.The motorists were more than obliging to be spared the trouble of appearing in the court and facing personal ignominy of standing in the box, the senior officers said.The accused policemen allowed the drunk drivers to take their vehicles but only after getting them to sign a blank vakilnama or vakalat, a document empowering a lawyer to represent the signatory.The racket was apparently going on for over six months. The rules say that any person found driving drunk has to be sent to the court. They prescribe a fine or even jail term for repeat offenders.\"When we are going tough against the drink-and-drive cases, we cannot allow our men to indulge in such malpractices,\" said MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic).A circular has now been sent to all traffic police stations in the city, reminding the personnel of the repercussions of collecting any money from drunk drivers.HERE ARE SOME FAQsDrives against drunken driving are usually explosive affairs. Motorists and cops trading words in the middle of the night, threatens to go out of control at times. While motorists accuse cops of malpractice, the latter charge the former with obstructive behaviour.To ensure that the drives are above board, traffic police personnel will henceforth conduct their checking with a huge board (in photo), prescribing what motorists should do if they are found to be under the influence of alcohol. Drivers are guilty of drunken driving if the alcometer shows a reading of 40 ml per 100 mg and above. The board prescribes what the drunk drivers should do next.\"We have given cameras to our men to record the proceedings so that there are no complaints of misbehaviour from both sides. The board is more like a frequently asked questions in case of drunk driving,\" quipped one senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17187853", "title": "Defunct CCTV cameras aid book lifters at library", "text": "HUBLI: A total of 16 CCTVs were installed at the Central Library in Lamington Road here in 2009. But within a year of installation, the cameras stopped working and have not been repaired ever since.This has led to the stealing of new books by some \"readers\" and has also become troublesome for girls who frequent the library.Despite repeated complaints to the department of public libraries, which is responsible for the maintenance of these cameras, no action has been taken to rectify the problem. Knowing well that the CCTV cameras are not functioning, some readers have started stealing books and creating trouble for other readers. In the absence of cameras, monitoring readers' activities and preserving the 18,000 odd books in the library has become a challenge for its staff.Central library, which was earlier being maintained by HDMC, was handed over to the department of public libraries. It was then renovated at a cost of Rs 1.82 crore. The two-storey building was also equipped with 16 CCTV cameras - eight cameras in the first floor monitoring the counter, internet section and book racks and eight in the second floor monitoring the reading rooms.Speaking to TOI, B D Vaggar, librarian of Central Library, said: \"Earlier, we kept a close watch on the readers with the help of the camers, but now it's not possible. We found many books, particularly weekly magazines, new novels, even employment news papers, missing from the library.\"Though the library staff questioned some \"suspected readers\", they managed to get off the hook since the staff had no proof against them. Some readers, who indulged in teasing girls, had stopped doing so after the cameras were installed. But now, they have resumed with their wayward ways, he added.\"We are not able to control the theft of books. We requested authorities to repair the CCTVs, but no action has been taken for the last one year,\" Vaggar lamented.Shivanand Alur, a reader, added that most readers create noise and have no fear for the staff since their unruly behaviour is not recorded on the cameras anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188627", "title": "Voice against corruption", "text": "With charges of inappropriate use of funds against politicians, the issue of corruption is back in the foreground. On the occasion of Children's Day, on Nov 14, Education Timesfinds out what role can children play to sensitise people.&gt;DAKSH SINHA Class IX Mount Carmel School DwarkaCorruption pervades in almost all aspects of the society - be it from school admission to getting clearance for setting up an industry. As a technologically driven generation, we have access to resources that our parents did not have. We can use technology in a potent way for anyone to grab attention, provided it is genuine. Having a website where any citizen, including children, can register their complaint , which is followed by proper action will make everyone responsible . It could be a way out.&gt;KAJAL KAUR Class IX Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya, Sector-16 , RohiniIf children find out about corruption happening in any form in their vicinity, they must not be afraid to report it. There must be a system where children can report incidents and they should be taken seriously. Also, I feel the change in attitude towards people, when it comes to corruption should begin from one's home. Parents should inculcate the attitude of non-tolerance when it comes to issues like corruption .&gt;ARIHANT JAIN Class VIII DAV Pushpanjali EnclaveOur system is such that it unfortunately promotes corruption. Therefore, I think the first change we need is a change in the mindset of people. There is no shortcut to hard work. In terms of concrete work that can be done is to include corruption as a subject that can be studied in classes. The idea of not being part of a corrupt system should be drilled in students from a very early stage.&gt;NIKITA NAITHANI Class VIII Greenway Modern School Dilshad GardenPeople take children for granted and think they can just do anything in front of children. But, that is not true. In order to show that, children should have their own organisation where they can discuss issues, involve elders in the community and deal with issues together. That way, we as a country can grow and move ahead.&gt;SIMRAN KAUR Class IX Sarvodaya Madhyamik Uchhayatam Vidyalaya, RohiniThe community has to play a very important role in annihilating corruption from the society. Children can use unconventional ways such as create poems, songs, or even art, etc, to draw the attention of elders in the community. Creating awareness about corruption is not enough; one has to implement the idea too. I personally feel that every student must write a letter to the president, get a presidential seal that says that 'we will not endorse corruption' and show it to anyone who asks for bribe, etc. That way, we all will be conscious of our actions and that will certain help us to curb corruption gradually.- Compiled by Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187375", "title": "Panjab University: Status quo as \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsolution\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 rejected", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After days of deadlock over meal prices in Panjab University hostels, authorities have come up with the idea of introducing two platters, one a fixed meal menu and the other an expensive, unlimited variant.The fixed price menu would cost Rs 22.5 and Rs 24 in the girls and boys hostel respectively, while the other platter would be modeled on the buffet system practiced earlier and would cost Rs 28.5 and Rs 30 in the girls and boys hostels. However, this has not convinced students, who term the move as an \"eyewash.\" \"How can one eat five chapattis and rice with one small bowl of dal? We will continue our strike,\" Sachinder Pal, general secretary of Students For Society (SFS), asserted.Unwilling to compromise, nine students stayed put with their hunger strike outside the vice-chancellor's office. The protesting students belong to the Students For Society (SFS) and Students Federation of India. Other students gave up the strike citing medical reasons.Around 25 students chose to continue the protest at the cost of the Diwali break. SFS president Raminder Singh said, \"We are in no mood to give up without a complete roll back of prices. The PU vice-chancellor has been giving us different statements everyday.\"On Sunday, university officials issued a statement saying they would write to the prime minister, union cabinet ministers, UT administration and the UGC to provide a subsidy for hostel meals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kollam/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188280", "title": "Kollam man gives new life to four on his last journey", "text": "KOLLAM/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: He wanted to help fellow beings all his life, and it was a few months ago that Sugunarajan informed his relatives and friends of his intention to donate his organs after reading about cadaver transplantation in a daily. Sugunarajan (60), Chirakkal House, Sakthikulangara in Kollam succumbed to injuries he suffered in an accident at Thiruvananthapuram Medical College Hospital on Friday morning and his relatives ensured that his wish came true by donating his organs to the needy.Relatives said Sugunarajan was seriously injured in the accident at Chavara last Wednesday and doctors at the hospital had told them during his admission that a recovery would be difficult. On Friday, doctors declared him brain dead and asked them if they wish to donate his organs, to which they agreed. \"We were sad when we heard his last wish but soon we realized that making it happen would be the perfect farewell to him,\" Sugunarajan's daughter Smitha Sunilkumar said.Medical college doctors began harvesting his organs on Friday itself. \"The kidneys were transplanted on a 39-year-old Panthalam native and a 26-year-old Peroorkada native. The corneas have been harvested and two recipients will be selected soon,\" said Dr G Venugopal, who led the procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188220", "title": "Audit department halts corp's accounts report", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Absence of a proper financial statement has forced the local fund audit department to temporarily halt preparing the city corporation's audit report for the financial year 2011-12.It was reported earlier that the audit department had sent back the account statement to the corporation, saying the document reflected wrong figures. Despite asking for a corrected version, the auditors were yet to get the fresh statement.The audit department, sources said, has been expecting the government to intervene in the matter, after it had escalated the issue to the director of the local fund audit department.Deputy mayor G Happy Kumar attributed the delay in filing the account statement to a technical glitch.\"The accounting software, Sankhya, has been malfunctional, and the accounts could not be stored properly. It's not our fault,\" he said.Sankhya was made mandatory for all local self-government bodies in April 2011. The corporation website, which displayed all balance sheets till 2011, has not been updated after the new software was installed.Sources said the government cannot hold the corporation responsible for the delay, since Sankhya was developed by IKM, a government-run agency.A few other departments, too, have failed in submitting the necessary files. A miffed audit department has summoned the corporation's engineering wing, asking it submit the files before November 15.The engineering wing, however, downplayed the summons as a routine procedure, saying the files have been submitted regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190704", "title": "Darshan's scripting box office history", "text": "Challenging Star Darshan seems to be back to his winning ways. The box office success of Kranti Veera Sangolli Rayanna (KVSR) has ensured the actor, the darling of the masses who throng the silver screens, also emerges as a hit with the multiplex audience.Producer Anand Appugol, who isn't yet willing to reveal the box office collections, says, \"At this moment, I am happy that I have made a movie on Sangolli Rayanna. The collection really didn't matter then nor will it matter now. I am not even looking the collection on a daily basis. If it is doing well, it is because of team effort.\"Anand credits the patriotic nature of the film for the good reception. \"The full shows only prove that patriotism still exists in people's minds. This was evident from their reaction. And the film has not just the fans coming in as repeat audience, but also families. This is a good sign,\" he says.Anand, though, admits that they had reservations about whether to retain the film for three hours long. \"Darshan, director Naganna and I sat and discussed about the length of the movie. Then we realized that a film which talks about history definitely needed that much time for the audience to learn about all that happenned. Fortunately, the audience agreed. This only confirms that the audience will sit and watch for long hours if one has a good script that's presented in a good way,\" says he.Naganna says, \"We had predicted that KVSR will see success because Darshan's has given it his all, and literally lived his character as Rayanna. Today when they watch Darshan, they feel that their patriotic leader Rayanna has been resurrected on screen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187891", "title": "Skyrocketing prices fail to dampen festive spirit", "text": "Dajiban pet, Supermarket, Durgadbail, Gandhi market are crowded with people who are enthusiastically buying puja items, grocery and other goods for the festival.Prices of fruits, vegetables, grains and other essential commodities have increased. Compared to last Diwali, prices of fruits and vegetables have increased by 20% this time.Diwali is one of the biggest festivals in north Karnataka region, and Hubli-Dharwad twin city celebrate Diwali in a grand manner. Despite high prices, demand for puja items including plantains, mango leaves, sugarcane and flowers was huge.Speaking to TOI, Sharmila from Deshpande Nagar said: \"Prices of fruits, vegetables and flowers have increased a lot, but there is no option. We have to buy them for our biggest festival. I spent around Rs 500 to buy sweets, fruits, vegetables.\"Mahesh Hugar, a flower vender, said: \"I have seen good business from today itself and I expect good business on Tuesday and Wednesday. I managed to sell flowers worth Rs 1,000 today and with a good profit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17186830", "title": "'Identical twins are genetically different'", "text": "NEW YORK: Identical twins are genetically different since they acquire hundreds of genetic changes early in the development, a new study has found.Even though identical twins supposedly share all of their DNA, they acquire hundreds of genetic changes early in development that could set them on different paths, researchers said. The findings may partly explain why in some cases one twin gets cancer while another stays healthy. The study also suggests that these genetic changes are surprisingly common, Live Science reported.\"It's not as rare as people previously expected,\" said study presenter Rui Li, an epidemiologist at McGill University.To find out how often these mutations occur in early development, researchers led by Li studied the genomes of 92 pairs of identical twins and searched thousands of sites in their genomes for differences between twins in base pairs, which are represented by letters that make up DNA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17187859", "title": "Interns with Sakala ease workload", "text": "BANGALORE: Sakala, which has only half a dozen brains working in the core team to handle complaints and oversee timely delivery of services, had taken the services of two interns to ease its load. The idea has obviously worked for the Department of Personal and Administrative Reforms (DPAR). It now plans to take in more interns who can imbue new thoughts and simplify the process of complaint management and documentation.\"We had two boys who are doing their PG in media studies and they left a great impression on us. The youth had fresh ideas which they candidly shared with us to help improve our ways of working. It helps us if we get more people to work,\" said Shalini Rajneesh, secretary, DPAR.Shalini has now sent proposals of internship with the department to colleges like Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan Management College and Christ University. \"There are students who are already doing some research in various social areas. They have great ideas and experience in the kind of work that we need in Sakala. We have elicited good response from students and principals,\" she added.For the students too, it was a satisfying stint. They said they learnt a lot from the experiences of handling people's grievances and government officials. Getting services delivered on time was nothing short of a challenge, they said.\"We did have difficulties initially in trying to understand what Sakala is and how we can work towards solving people's complaints through the various government agencies. But the three-day training on understanding the Sakala systems made it easy for us,\" said Ravi AN, student of media studies in Presidency College.Although Ravi wants to be a journalist in future, he says that this internship helped him sharpen his skills in field work, reporting, documenting, editing and translating. Recalling his first assignment, Ravi said, \"For the first time I went to a BBMP office in KR Puram to see whether khata and tax services were delivered to citizens on time, without hassles. We posed as common people and spoke to citizens who confided their complaints to us. Later officials also opened up.\"Balaram Keshava DN, another second year PG student in media studies of the same college, says such work is satisfying as he was able to solve real-time issues. \"Given an opportunity, I'd love to be absorbed in the DPAR,\" he said.Their trainer Subramanian Srilal, management consultant in Sakala, said that this sort of internship would benefit the department to get fresh ideas as well as students from any stream. \"These boys showed us we could scan or photograph the complaints and cases to document them and reduce paperwork. If such bright candidates are absorbed in DPAR, we can later depute them in various departments where they can help improve the service delivery of the departments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186271", "title": "Telangana Cong MPs to issue ultimatum to Sonia Gandhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress MPs from Telangana have decided to issue an ultimatum to the party high command on the issue of separate statehood. They have also decided to write a final letter to AICC president Sonia Gandhi asking her to take a decision before December 9.\"Time is running out and our patience cannot be tested anymore. The MPs have decided to write to Sonia Gandhi urging her to come clear on Telangana before December 9. If she fails to respond, I think the high command must be blamed for further consequences,\" K Keshava Rao, former Rajya Sabha member and senior Congress leader, said.While seven Lok Sabha members including T Vivek, Ponnam Prabhakar, Gutta Sukhender Reddy, Rajaiah, K Rajagopal Reddy and Manda Jaganatham are expected to sign the letter, to be written in a couple of days, a handful of MLAs and a few ministers from the region including Jana Reddy and Basavaraj Saraiah are likely to throw their weight behind the rebel MPs.According to a senior party source, the T-rebels are even mulling quitting the Congress and joining the TRS in case Sonia Gandhi fails to respond positively on Telangana. K Chandrasekhar Rao must take the lead to unite all Telangana forces, Keshava Rao added.\"In order to realise the long-cherished dream of Telangana, acquiring political power is important. If we have some 16 Lok Sabha seats and 90 Assembly seats in hand, we can make it happen. The onus of taking all protagonists with him lies on KCR,\" he said.Taking a swipe on Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde for his ambiguous statement on Telangana, Keshava Rao said that the Telangana Congress MPs would support him if he brings up the separate statehood issue during the winter session of Parliament beginning November 22.\"He had said that the issue would be taken up before or after the Parliament session. In any case, we will wait till December 9, and decide on further course of action depending on the response we get from the Centre,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186564", "title": "Anti-pneumonia campaign", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Academy of Pediatrics will launch a campaign 'Say No to Pneumonia', to make public aware of the disease and its preventive measures. The campiagn will be flagged off on Monday in the city as part of the World Pneumonia Day 2012. Organisers said awareness programmes aim to strengthen the measures to decrease infant child mortality rate due to pneumonia. \"Annually, India witnesses 45 million pneumonia cases among children under 5 years of which 0.37 million die due to pneumonia,\" said a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188467", "title": "Snubbed Soumitra slams 'crass' film fest opener", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata International Film Festival ran into a storm of criticism on Sunday as Soumitra Chatterjee, who hasn't received a delegate card and was extended only a last-minute invitation to Saturday's glitzy inaugural ceremony starring Amitabh Bachchan , Shah Rukh Khan and chief minister Mamata Banerjee , slammed the opener as \"crass\" and \"senseless\".The legendary actor, who won the Dadasaheb Phalke award this year and has been the face of Bengali cinema for decades, has vowed not to be a part of the festival this time. Chatterjee said he had received an invitation, \"but I chose not to attend\" and lashed out at the organizers for a \"crass opening ceremony that devalued the festival\".\"I had a stage performance on Saturday evening and I considered it to be more important than being part of a programme not consistent with the spirit of the Kolkata film festival,\" Chatterjee said. \"It was absolutely senseless and I am happy that I didn't go. I had expected a guest card to attend the film shows but it hasn't reached me so far. Even if they send me one, I am not going to attend the film shows.\"Chatterjee hadn't attended the festival's opening ceremony last year either, but was later extended a personal invitation by the CM for the closing ceremony. The actor attended the event at Nandan I and was ushered in by Mamata herself. But relations appear to have soured after a recent protest against the government in which Chatterjee took part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17191362", "title": "Surat's diamond and textile industry worried on incidents of robbery during Diwali vacation", "text": "SURAT: While the textile and diamond units in the city have closed for the Diwali vacation for about 20 days, the unit owners are worried about the incidents of robbery.While many have deployed private security guards to keep round-the-clock vigil in the industrial units, others have sought the help of the city police to increase the patrolling exercise in the industrial areas during the Diwali vacation.Some of the industrial estates like Pandeara GIDC and Sachin GIDC, which are considered as the hub of the textile industry in the city, have decided to deploy private vehicles for the city police in order to take up effective patrolling exercise during the vacation period.\"We have decided to provide private cars to the cops for taking up patrolling exercise in our area. Every year the incidents of robbery increase during the Diwali vacation and this time around we do not want to take any chances\" said Pramod Chaudhary, chairman, South Gujarat Textile Processors Association (SGTPA).On the other hand, the diamond unit owners in the diamond hub of Varachha and Katargam too have urged the city police to provide round-the-clock vigil to curb the incidents of robberies.Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA) said \"Diamond units are vulnerable for robberies as most of the units are operated from the buildings. There are costly equipments for the cutting and polishing of diamonds such as emery wheels, laser equipments etc. However, we have urged the city police to keep a close watch on the miscreants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17187447", "title": "Xi Jinping at helm, China set to lay red carpet for Hollywood", "text": "BEIJING: While the Obama administration is expecting success in its announced plans to block products from China's telecom and solar industries, Beijing is gearing up to make inroads in a more influential arena: Hollywood.And leading the change is vice president Xi Jinping , slated to be the next president.The formula is similar to China's ventures in many other industries: offer the lucrative domestic market to foreign investors even it means temporary losses to the local industry. The other aspect of the game plan is to encourage domestic players to invest overseas with support from state-run backs and investment agencies.\"The past dominance of domestic films in the Chinese market has been shaken,\" vice minister of the state administration of radio, film and television Tian Jin said at a press conference on Sunday.China's movie industry began to change dramatically since last February when Vice President Xi visited the United States and signed a deal allowing the import of an additional 14 films into China besides the official quota of 20 foreign film imports a year.What happened is a surprising change and local film makers begun complaining loudly. Audiences started queuing up for Hollywood hits and neglecting local productions. The local media was persistent with questions on why Chinese films are sub-standard compared to the Hollywood ones.Tian reported the domestic industry's share in the total revenue has fallen drastically to 41% with foreign films taking away a bigger part of the total box office collections.China's film market is seen as one of the largest potential markets for Hollywood once the government agrees to liberalize it. China's box office revenue has come to $2.1 billion in the first 10 months of 2012. The industry is expected to grow at a high rate once it opens up further.Observers said China will open up only the financial and technical aspects of the movie industry. But the propaganda department of the communist party is keen to use local markets to influence Hollywood's perception of China than any desire to soften censorship within the country.DreamWorks Animation, producer of Hollywood blockbusters such as \"Kung Fu Panda\", announced the establishment of a joint venture with Chinese partners in Shanghai last February. The new company, Oriental DreamWorks, will utilize elements of Chinese history, culture and literature in its various productions, Jeffrey Katzenberg , CEO of DreamWorks Animation, said.In April, the officials met with filmmakers like James Cameron during the 2nd Beijing International Film Festival and invited them to invest in China.\"With a 5,000-year history, China has abundant source of stories, which I believe can be well received by the global audience after proper development,\" the organization head, Tong Gong said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190247", "title": "Gifts cards, coupons and more this Diwali!", "text": "If you've been rummaging through your storage for unused crockery sets and sad show pieces that you got last Diwali, so you can get rid of them this year, you're not quite with it .Yes, there's no better way to get rid of clutter than the festival of blind gifting, graciously. But sensible Delhiites have shown this one Diwali tradition the door to opt for gift cards and Diwali coupons available in multi-brand stores. Here's what the smart spender says.Stand out among the juice hampersI know all my friends will gift the same old readymade hampers, jo har jagah milte hain, or at max, some fancy chocolates and diyas. Main nahi dena chahti koi Kurkure ka dabba. Gift cards will make me stand out. Mehnat bhi kam, and people actually appreciate these more. Giving cash can have its own problems. So, in that case, gift cards are safer and less tacky then the cash wala lifafa.- Anju Mehta, 38, teacherI'd want themEvery Diwali, I crib at the gifts I get from relatives. It's tradition, so you can't even say no, and since I have no place to store them, and no way in hell will I actually use them, I pass them on. This year, I've invested in gift cards. I think they're good value for money, and I'd be really happy if someone gave them to me. Hopefully, my family takes the hint, if not for this year, then next Diwali hi sahi. - Kriti*, 32, housewifeNo time to shopWith work and family, I just had one weekend for my Diwali shopping. And I spent it buying things to decorate our home and clothes for the kids. Who has the time to plan out Diwali gifts for each relative? We made a list of the people we had to give something to, and bought Diwali gift cards. They don't expire too soon and our friends and family can buy whatever they want. - Kavita Anand, 35, HR consultantThey can choose what they likeI'm spending so much on gifts for family and friends, agar unhe pasand hi nahi aaye toh fayda kya? So, I think it makes sense to give them the option to choose. - Karan Mehta, 40, engineer(*Some names changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186195", "title": "Deputy CM's wife fails to hold 'free spectacle'", "text": "HYDERABAD: C Padmini Reddy, wife of deputy chief minister, Damodar Raja Narasimha, created quite a flutter at KBR Park on Sunday when she tried to release 1,000 pigeons from captivity. Trouble started when Reddy who heads the organisation, 'She Is All (SIA)' believed to work for the freedom of birds, women's empowerment and children's education, tried to release the birds and forest officials stopped the move stating that pigeons could be carrying infections.The minister's wife was accompanied by around 50 supporters from her organisation, which she started on October 25 of this year. Forest officials stated that Padmini had not taken their permission for Sunday's plan and added that releasing pigeons could pose a threat to the other fauna in the park. \"The birds could have diseases which may cause infections to spread among the other fauna in the park. To prevent such risks, we decided to stop the release of birds. Once the birds are found to be fit for release into the wild, the same can be promptly done,\" said a forest official on condition of anonymity.Reddy and her team were, however, allowed to release two of the birds into the wild in a token gesture. However, with SIA activists getting into a mild scuffle with forest officials, things looked like turning tense. It was then that police had to intervene to control the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187157", "title": "Government hospitals ready to deal with emergencies during Diwali", "text": "BHOPAL: With Diwali a day away, it is time to gear up for the officials as well. Health department has made special arrangements to deal with any medical emergencies this Diwali. Government hospitals have been asked to cancel leaves of surgeons, eye specialists and other related paramedical staff, according to a press release here on Sunday.\"Elaborate arrangements have been made in government hospitals to deal with casualties. We have asked hospitals to keep vacant additional beds for medical emergencies,\" said district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla.The health department has decided to station 15 ambulances at different places and hospitals in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190346", "title": "Dhanush does it for love and respect", "text": "It was earlier reported that Dhanush will be appearing in a cameo with Mollywood biggies Mammooty and Dileep in a film titled Kammath &amp; Kammath directed by Manish Shah.Dhanush made his joy known publicly as he tweeted \"It was a great experience sharing screen space with mammooty Sir and dilip Sir. I'm just doing 2 scenes in d film. For love and respect.\"Cameos by leading Tamil heroes are starting to become commonplace these days with biggies like Vijay and Ajith too obliging. They must be commended for breaking down regional barriers and bridging cultural connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17188818", "title": "HC orders transfer of probe in triple death case to another agency", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered the superintendent of police, Dindigul district to transfer the investigation into the death of a mother and her two daughters, to another agency after it found no speedy action on part of the police probe.A petition filed under the RTI Act revealed that the police initially registered a case against the accused under various Sections of the IPC including Section 302 (punishment for murder). However, later on, Section 302 was deleted by the investigating police. A Nallammal of Ganapathypalayam in Karur district filed a criminal original petition before the Madurai bench seeking the case transferred to the CB-CID.According to the petitioner, her daughter Prema was married to M Thirulogasundar of Chinnalapatti village in Dindigul district on March 13, 2005. The couple had two girls. In her petition, Nallammal alleged that Prema was harassed by Thirulogasundar's family from the time of her marriage. The family members harassed her not only for dowry but also because she refused to execute the sale deed of a piece of land that was in her name, to her husband. The petitioner also alleged that the family members forced Prema three times for abortion.Nallammal also said that Prema and her two children were sent to her maternal home last May. Prema's mother-in-law said that she would accept her only if five sovereigns of gold were sent along with her. But Nallammal sent Prema back to her in-laws' house on May 15, 2012. However, the next day, she was informed that Prema and her children consumed poison and were admitted to the Dindigul Government hospital. They died later in the hospital. Chinnalapatti police had registered the case under Sections 309, 302 (punishment for murder) 294 (b) of IPC, read with Section 4 of Women's Harassment Act after Nallammal filed a complaint. Since there was no action from the police, an application was sent under RTI Act to the DSP, seeking information about the murder of Prema. However, Nallammal was informed that the case has been altered to Section 306 (abetment of suicide) alone and the same was under investigation. She alleged that the investigating police deleted the section 302 (murder) and other penal provisions which were already in FIR.The petition, which was heard by Justice M M Sundaresh, passed the order to transfer the case from the present investigating police. In his order, the judge said that since the petitioner is apprehensive about the investigation by Chinnalapatti police, the case must be transferred to some other investigating authority and be completed in four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187015", "title": "197 colleges yet to submit list of students for free laptops", "text": "LUCKNOW: Laxity on the part of administration of institutions may depriving beneficiaries of the laptops and tablet PCs Samajwadi Party had promised in the campaign for assembly elections and which the Akhilesh government is prepared to distribute to class X and XII pass students. Even after repeated reminders sent by District Inspector of Schools (DIOS) to provide details of the number of beneficiaries, as many 197 colleges in the state capital have not complied with the orders depriving thousands of students of what is rightfully theirs.Out of the 197 colleges whose administrative staff has failed to furnish the said list of students, 55 are affiliated to UP board, 11 to CBSE and 44 to ICSE, ITI or polytechnics. As many as 49 higher education institutions, including Lucknow University (LU), 27 technical, vocational and Ayurvedic institutions, too have not paid any attention to the state government's directive. Details are also awaited from two Sanskrit institutions and nine madrasas.Talking to TOI, DIOS Lucknow, Umesh Tripathi said, \"Even after placing advertisements and continuous reminders to the schools and higher education institutions, 30 to 40 per cent have not responded. The last reminder was two days back and they will have to reply within three working days.'' He added apathetic attitude of LU with a substantial number of students eligible for the benefit is the most shocking.The list of institutions who have not given details has been put up at Government Jubilee Inter College apart from DIOS office and regional higher education office. The last reminder sent by DIOS states that if the schools and colleges fail to reply in three days it will be deemed they have no such beneficiaries. But, sources in the education department said the officers there are confused regarding whom to approach in order to ensure the institutions take the order seriously.As per the Samajwadi Party poll sop, all students in the state who clear class X exams from UP, CBSE, or ICSE board will be given tablet PCs while those who clear class XII and have taken admission to higher education institutions including technical, vocational, and medical will be given a laptop each. Those studying in minority institutions will also benefit from the said scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187896", "title": "Civic promotions\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 panel to meet on November 19", "text": "NASHIK: The promotion committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has postponed its meeting and subsequent promotions for the second time in a week. The committee that was to declare the promotions on November 7, postponed its meet to November 9 and then to November 19.The first time the promotion committee had postponed its meeting as two of its members were not available. Now it has postponed the meeting reportedly due to unfinished formalities. A source in the NMC revealed that they did not have the complete list of reserved category employees and that the latter have been asked to submit the same.The promotions will be taking place after nearly 12 years. As was decided earlier, the promotions will be based on seniority and educational qualifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17186222", "title": "Ravichandran Ashwin ready with his mystery ball", "text": "MUMBAI: Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin is ready with his mystery ball for England in the four-Test series starting later this week.\"I have been working on that ball for some time now. I might just use it in this series,\" Ashwin told TOI, on Sunday.There's been speculation for a while now about the bowler looking to unleash something new, but Ashwin has been quiet about it. \"I am confident, but at the same time I'm a little apprehensive too. All this while, I thought I was getting there, but a lot of work needed to be done. But at the moment, the progress is a little more satisfactory,\" he says.England are a top side and it will certainly take something special to pin them down as aggressively as they did when India toured there last year. \"They have an extraordinary batting line-up which has done exceptionally in the last two or three years. You need to respect that. I think we're well prepared to face them at home,\" says Ashwin.The tall Chennai-based cricketer has bowled the carom-ball, one that he first took a liking to when he saw Sri Lanka's Ajantha Mendis bowl in Chennai long ago. \"But I always relied on my stock ball more,\" he says. Now, the newer one which he has developed - one in which he uses his knuckles - is potentially a wicket-taking delivery. \"I'll be bowling that one,\" he says, refusing to reveal anything more.There are two aspects to his bowling -- other than the mystery ball he's worked on - that will play a crucial role in this series. The first is his stock ball, the off-spinner, which he would like to put to good use. \"It remains one of my strengths and I rely greatly on it,\" he says. The second is his bowling partner Pragyan Ojha and the chemistry they share when bowling together. \"The next three months will be most critical for both of us. There's been a lot of talk about me and Ojha being the best spinbowling pair around, but I don't think we should be reading too much into it.\"We're playing a top team at home in a four-Test series after quite some time, so we're not really thinking about being the best pair or anything. As a team,we have to be a threat.\"Ojha and Ashwin have around 40 wickets between them in the five Tests they've played at home. But Ashwin is very clear that the real work begins now. \"Being in the same age group, having played a good deal of domestic cricket together has helped. We've known each other for quite some time. So, I have that comfort level with him. Communication is very essential and we enjoy that between us,\" he says.Ashwin has keenly followed the progress of the England batsman against Sri Lanka and Pakistan. \"You have to give them credit where it's due. Against Pakistan, they couldn't do well, but they certainly played well against Sri Lanka. They have arrived here after playing quite a bit of quality spin bowling,\" says the wary off-spinner.The manner in which India start the series will determine how well and how early the hosts can get an upperhand over the opposition, says the bowler. \"A three-Test series at times sounds like a short series, but a four-Test series, especially against an opposition like this one, is the real thing. Just one extra Test means five extra days, so it takes up that much out of your body in terms of the effort you put in. My whole theory is: In the longer format, if you start well, half the job's done. The momentum is what matters... it helps when you start nailing down the opposition right from the start,\" he says.The national selectors ensured England didn't play a single spinner in their first two matches. Ashwin says if it was indeed a strategy, there was nothing wrong about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186860", "title": "Man steals to pay his son's fees, held", "text": "PUNE: A 31-year-old man, who was arrested for stealing a motorcycle and a purse, has told the police that he resorted to the crimes to pay for his son's school fees.On Saturday, Prashant Harish Naik of the Chandrama building in DSK Vishwa in Dhayari had first stolen a motorcycle and then a purse containing Rs 3,000 from a woman at Salisbury Park. He was arrested by the Swargate police after a chase.The incident took place on Saturday around 7.30 pm near Salisbury Park. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Manisha Anand Phulphagar (36) with the Swargate police.Assistant inspector Anil Koli of the Swargate police told TOI that on Saturday around 7.30 pm, Phulphagar was heading towards Ekata Garden with her daughter on a scooter. When they reached Salisbury Park, Naik who was allegedly following them on a motorcycle, snatched the purse her daughter was carrying and sped away. \"Phulphagar alerted motorists around her and started chasing the suspect on her scooter,\" Koli said.Meanwhile, a patrolling team of the Swargate police reached the spot. \"When Naik saw the police, he stopped the vehicle, left it on the roadside, and started running. \"Our team nabbed him after a chase,\" Koli said.During interrogation, Naik, who runs a water-proofing business, told the police that he had no money to pay for his son's school fees. The police believe that Naik may have stolen the motorcycle he was using from the Dhayari area. The police are investigating, Koli said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17186014", "title": "Diwali time boom time", "text": "GUMLA: For many students, Diwali offers an opportunity to make some fast buck while revelling in the festivities. The money earned is used to pursue higher studies. Lalit Ram, a student of Class IX at Jawahar Navodaya School in Lohardaga, is a case in point. A resident of Chetar in Gumla, he makes attractive Diwali houses of different designs and sells them in the town from the day of Dhanteras. For last three years he has been selling Diwali houses made for little girls, says Lalit, son of Vinod Ram, who makes Durga Puja pandals on contract.\"When I was in Class VI, there were some pieces of thermocol in the house. My sisters insisted me to prepare Diwali houses for them,\" he recalled. \"But when I made the one using thermocol and glasses, it was admired by my father too. I asked my father could it be sold in the market and at what price. I was thrilled to learn that they can fetch over one to two hundred rupees per piece,\" he added. Since then I utilize the Diwali holidays making and selling these Diwali houses on the main road of the town and earn an average of Rs 2500-3000 during the two-three days of festivities, Lalit said. \"The amount I earn during Diwali I use that for my studies and I do not asked my father to give me pocket money throughout the year,\" he pointed out.While Lalit has come up with his own idea of earning money, other students sell firecrackers and tribal girls of the township area assist their mothers in making garlands of marigold and sell them on the footpath at Tower Chowk, the heart of the town, during Diwali. Several tribal families grow marigold flowers for sale during the festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187871", "title": "2 in cop custody over arms case", "text": "NASHIK: Two accused have been remanded police custody till Tuesday in an arms case. The accused have been identified as Gulab Ratan Suryawanshi, a habitual offender and resident of Sangamner, and Dattatray Sasane of Satana.According to information provided by crime branch officials, on Friday afternoon, cops got a tip off that Suryawanshi was moving around suspiciously in the jurisdiction of the Upnagar police station with a pistol on his person.Suryawanshi has nearly 10 cases of bag-lifting registered against him. A trap was laid in the Upnagar area, under the guidance of commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, DCP Sandeep Diwan, ACP Avinash Ambure and police inspector Sanjay Sanap, following the tip-off.Subsequently, after Suryawanshi was picked up and interrogated about the weapon he was carrying, the accused told cops that the pistol was sold to him by Sasane aaround two years back for Rs 15,000.The accused however, told the police that he was not carrying the pistol but it was at his native place in Lakhmapur.On the same day the police rushed to Lakhmapur and checked Suryawanshi's residence, where they recovered the pistol and five live cartridges.Meanwhile, Sasane was also arrested from his residence at Sinnar. Following their arrest, the accused were produced before a city court which remanded them in police custody till Tuesday.The police said that though Suryawanshi worked as a labourer and driver in Sangamner, he had a notorious for bag lifting in and around Nashik with close to 10 cases of theft being registered against him.Meanwhile, crime branch officials also arrested Nitin Ghatol, who had lifted a bag containing Rs 39,000 from the Thakkar Bazaar area of the city, around four months ago. A complaint in this regard was registered with the Sarkarwada police. After arresting the accused from Sinnar, the police recovered Rs 15,000 from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17187006", "title": "Click the crime and get rewarded", "text": "UJJAIN: Next time you witness a crime, do not walk away.Instead record the crime using your cellphone and get rewarded. The Madhya Pradesh police have initiated this step to seek people's help in tracing criminals.All the police stations have been informed in this regard and the citizens are being exhorted accordingly for the same. Ujjain zone's inspector general of police, Upendra Jain said usually every citizen possesses a mobile phone with a camera facility. If one clicks or records a video of an incident like chain snatching or loot or attack in a public place, it could help police identify the culprits.Role of a society is crucial in curbing crime hence people's participation have been sought keeping the same in mind.Names of the persons, who provide vital clippings, could be kept undisclosed in case he/she wished so, said Jain adding that their names could be highlighted in newspapers to exhort others. The footage or pictures would also come handy as evidence in the courts.However, the money for cash reward would be decided by the senior cops on a case to case basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "17188551", "title": "Three killed, one injured in road accident", "text": "FATEHABAD: Three persons were killed and one person was injured when their vehicle collided head on with a speeding truck in Jandli Khurd village of the district on Sunday morning.The deceased were identified as Satyanaryan, 50, Babblu, 25, and Hari Singh, 60, all residents of Jandali Khurd village. Satyanaryan and Babblu died on the spot, while Hari Singh died on way to hospital. Police have sent the bodies for postmortem in the local general hospital.The victims were on way to Fatehabad for some work. As their Tata Ace vehicle reached the outskirts of the village, a speeding truck collided head on with it. Sukhdev Singh, who was driving the vehicle, suffered serious injuries.Police have started investigations after registering a case against the truck driver, who managed to escape from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188371", "title": "10 control rooms for better power supply", "text": "PATNA: Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu) has set up 10 control rooms which will function 24X7 to ensure uninterrupted power supply during Diwali and Chhath festivals, said H R Pandey, spokesman of Bihar State Power (Holding) Company Limited, on Sunday.All the 10 electric supply divisions under Pesu would have separate control rooms functioning directly under the electrical executive engineers concerned, on Tuesday and again on November 19 and 20, Pandey said, adding that all the divisional control rooms will remain in touch with electrical superintending engineers (ESEs) and Pesu control room.He said the ESE Pesu (East) circle would monitor the power supply under his jurisdiction from S K Memorial Hall power substation, and the ESE (West) would monitor his area from the central Pesu control room.All the major maintenance work has been done in view of the two important festivals. In case of any emergency, the respective control rooms can be informed. A dedicated team of officials would monitor the central load dispatch centre (CLDC) at the BSEB headquarters, Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191344", "title": "Dhanush stuns M\u00e2\u20ac\u2122wood fans", "text": "Dhanush is making a cameo with the Mollywood Superstars Mammootty and Dileep in Kammath &amp; Kammath, is something we know already. Dhanush appears as himself in the film. The latest we hear is that there is a scene in which Dileep asks Dhanush to sing his viral sensational number' Why This Kolaveri Di ?' Dhanush posted on his micro-blogging page that it was great working with someone of Mammootty's and Dileep's stature. He also revealed that he is doing the film only for the love and respect he has for the two Malayalam stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191262", "title": "Neha Dhupia hosts bodybuilding event in Delhi", "text": "Flexing and clashing of muscles, bikini bodies walking in stilettoes and Honey Singh tracks, all this and more set the ball rolling for the second edition of The Sheru Classic Professional Championship 2012 in the capital recently. The event that had some of the world's top professional bodybuilders, as well as world renowned professional women's figure athletes, witnessed an ever swelling crowd of bodybuilding enthusiasts, who came to see the championship.Famous names such as Phil Heath, Kai Greene, Ben White, Nicole Wilkins, Erin Stern and many more compete against each other in four main categories - Men's Professional Bodybuilding, Women's Professional Figure, Men's Professional 212 and Women's Professional Bikini - in an event that offered a total prize money of $2,10,000.Going past the initial glitches of ticket mismanagement and chaos over seating arrangement, the event started an hour late from the scheduled time. Two-time and current Mr Olympia winner Phil Heath bagged the Sheru Classic men's pro bodybuilding title and took home $60,000 prize after defeating Kai Green, a former Arnold Classic winner, in a tie-breaker. Kai, however won a lot of hearts, as he performed his routine on Honey Singh's hit track Brown Rang. Among the women, current Figure Olympia champion Erin Stern beat defending champion Nicole Wilkins for first place to win $7,000. Women too posed and flexed on Honey's hit tracks like Angrezi Beat, Dope Shope and High Heel.\"The first edition of the event happened in Mumbai, but this year, we wanted to take it to a huge level, and what better than a place like Delhi to do so,\" said Sheru Harmeet Aangrish, co-founder and CEO, Sheru Classic Production Pvt Ltd (SCP), adding, \"I wanted all the fans in India to get a chance to see the greatest bodybuilders in the world.\"Bollywood actress Neha Dhupia hosted the event with Bob Cicherillo, host Mr Olympia. Olympic medalist Sushil Kumar came to witness the championship.Sheru, who through this event, wants to establish a fitness movement in India, says, \"People here associate bodybuilding with beefed-up bodies and consumption of various steroids. This is not true. There is a lot of hard work and training that goes in building bodies like these. These men and women treat their bodies as temples, and hopefully, with this event, we shall be able to restore bodybuilding's lost glory and raise it to its rightful place in people's minds.\"The second person from India to get an IFBB (International Federation of Body Building) Pro Card, Sheru established SCP in 2006. Now, with a cadre of international trainers, SCP generated a clientele of industrialists and celebrities, including Hrithik Roshan , Arjun Kapoor and Jackky Bhagnani to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187264", "title": "Traffic bottlenecks mar festive cheer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Traffic bottlenecks held the city to ransom on Sunday. The situation was exacerbated by the absence of traffic police personnel at roundabouts in the evening rush hours. The worst affected were the roundabouts in sectors 29, 7/19, 33/35 and main roads including Dakshin Marg, Udyan Marg, Madhya Marg and Jan Marg. The CII fair clogged traffic on the stretch between the roundabout of ISBT-17 and the one near the cricket stadium in Sector 16.Sudhir Singla, who had set up a stall at the fair, said traffic chaos over the weekend was expected. \"Traffic chaos was expected as the strength of visitors doubled over the weekend. Parking lots outside the venue were inadequate for thousands of vehicles,\" he said.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said the department had made arrangements to tackle the situation. \"Extra manpower of around 100 policemen, including women cops have been deployed from the IRB and police training centre to control traffic on the roads. Besides them, 40 policemen will be deployed for in different sectors,\" he said. Around 750 police personnel have been deployed to regulate traffic on city roads and in market parking lots.The situation in congested markets, including those in sectors 9, 10, 31 and 37 was deplorable. Inspector Jaswinder Singh of the traffic police attributed the snarls to inadequate parking spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188348", "title": "Drive against unlicensed firecracker units today", "text": "PATNA: The firecrackers business in the city is going at brisk pace caring a damn for either the district administration's directives or safety of the people in their respective areas.If the district administration sources are to be believed, only four firecrackers manufacturers have licences in Patna City area and none in the Patna town area. But firecrackers are selling like hot cakes and \"if the trend continues, the business will be high this Diwali too,\" said a district administration official. However, the district administration or the local police are yet to launch any massive drive to verify the licence of firecrackers manufacturers and sellers in Patna.Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh has directed the sellers not to stock huge amount of firecrackers in residential areas of the city. \"Such sellers should at least intimate the fire service about the amount stocked,\" said the DM. \"The sellers should at least keep portable fire extinguishers to prevent fire,\" he said.The police and district administration will launch a drive against the manufacturers and sellers of firecrackers without licence or adhering to the necessary precautions and safety standards. All the SHOs in the district have been instructed to inspect godowns, shops and factories, the DM said.The drive against the erring factories and shops will be conducted on Monday by teams comprising policemen and district administration officials who will be empowered to initiate legal action against unauthorized manufacturers and sellers.The district administration has issued directives that no shop should be allowed in crowded areas. The shops selling firecrackers should be away from the main markets and sellers should be allowed only after securing necessary permission from the district authorities and police.A senior district administration official said only limited retail shops selling firecrackers will be allowed in the state capital and action will be taken against anyone selling firecrackers without permission.The covers of the crackers do not display in print the allergy advice, word on harmful chemicals or noise levels, although these are required to be declared under the law. In 2005, a firecrackers factory at Khusrupur had a devastating fire killing 35 people, including children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17186954", "title": "Industry for exit policy to fasten sick units' settlement", "text": "INDORE: The industries in the state want an exit policy for sick or closed down industrial units. The owners of the sick units are having a tough time while getting clearances from government departments like labour, industry and power supply. A delegation of industrialists from across the state called on chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan in Bhopal recently urging him to frame an exit policy.There are many reasons behind it which include their inability to upgrade the technology as per the need of the time, lack on their part to cope up with the speed of innovation, location-specific disadvantages and above all, managerial problems. There is a provision for rehabilitation of such industries in the new industrial policy, but it was inadequate, feel industries.Through the proposed exit policy, industries are demanding one-time settlement of outstanding taxes, closure of lease agreement, payment of power tariff dues in an amicable environment.Vice chairman of CII MP state council, Ranjan Mimani, said, \"There was Udyog Mitra Yojana by the state government in existence until it was rolled back by the state government a few years ago. Our demand for the proposed exit policy is very much on these lines.\"Ashok Badjatya, president, Association of Industries MP, said, \"All sick industries in the state must be given an honourable way to exit.\" An estimate says that nearly 15% out of one lakh SMEs existing in the state at present have either turned sick or are on their way to become so.Pithampur Industries Association president Gautam Kothari said, \"There must be a proper exit policy in case the state is unable to provide any kind of rehabilitation to sick industries.\"Association of Industries, Dewas, president Ashok Kandelia said, \"While there are Acts to take up cudgels for big industries whenever they fall sick, there was no such policy for small scale industry.\"Association of All Industries, Mandideep, president K S Bhasin, said, \"Exit policy is important to give an opportunity to new players to run the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17189979", "title": "BSNL hit by snag, services, services crippled in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mobile services in the Punjab circle of telecom major BSNL were disrupted today, causing inconvenience to users during the festive season.However, these were restored a few hours later.Customers, who did not receive a signal on their mobile sets, could neither call numbers on BSNL's own network nor on others in Punjab, Chandigarh and Panchkula in Haryana since early morning.A senior BSNL official said the disruption was due to a \"technical snag\" in the mobile exchange of the service provider in the city.Services to emergency numbers like 100, 101, 102 and 108 in the Punjab circle were also not working at the time.However, the services were restored in the evening with customers being able to make calls normally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192263", "title": "MJ's family used him for money", "text": "An explosive new biography has revealed how Michael Jackson's family used the King of Pop for money.Journalist Randall Sullivan's shocking new book, \"Untouchable: The Strange Life and Tragic Death of Michael Jackson ,\" out this week, exposes MJ's terror of kin and friends , New York Post reported.In one instance in 2001, two tribute concerts were planned at Madison Square Garden for Jackson's 30th anniversary in music.And the Jackson family demanded 250,000 dollars each to attend, even those who would just be there to watch the show.When Michael's brother Jermaine learned that his brother would be making as much as 10 million dollars from the two shows, he convinced his parents that Michael should pay the three of them another 500,000 dollars apiece.Jermaine and his father Joe drew up a contract and, with mother Katherine in tow, chased Michael around California to try to get him to sign.To escape from them Michael took refuge for several days at the house of his friend Marc Schaffel, co-producer of the event.After hiding out from his family for several days, Michael stopped at the Neverland Ranch with his kids to pick up a few items before the trip to New York. Almost as soon as he arrived, his family turned up at the gate.Michael tried to have them sent away, the book reports, but they claimed that his mother needed to use the restroom.But as soon as Joe and Jermaine were through the gate, they drove to the main house and pushed their way inside.\"They literally ransacked the place\" searching for Michael to get him to sign the contracts.The singer, meanwhile, \"retreated with the kids to a hiding place concealed behind a secret door at the back of his bedroom closet.\"In tears, he called Schaffel and cried, \"You see what they do to me? Do you understand . . . why I hide from them?\"His family weren't the only ones whose love was for sale. Jackson's \"good friend\" Marlon Brando , whom the singer took acting lessons from for years, charged him 1 million dollars for his rambling video tribute - an awful investment, it turned out, since the Madison Square Garden crowd wound up booing Brando's nonsensical ramblings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187316", "title": "NHAI to start projects after land acquisition", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when private bidders are showing interest in highway projects, National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) has decided on rolling out projects only after they have substantial land required for the project and are given environmental clearance.Senior authority officials said that this is a conscious decision, taken considering that projects get exceptionally delayed due to non-availability of land and green clearances. \"Now there is a message from the top that we must get things under control by the time project starts. Small stretches of incomplete roads jeopardize the entire project,\" said an official. He added that the focus is now to ensure that once a project starts on ground there should be no brake and the objective is timely completion of works.Sources said that the authority has at least eight months after award of project to get possession of around 70% of required land. They added though in almost all cases the final notification process for acquiring the entire land required for a project is initiated by the time it is awarded there have been instances of the process getting delayed due issues such as compensation fixation.The authority has been receiving flack for failing to hand over land in time resulting in delay in completion and cost overrun. Several banks have said that they won't finance projects until there is 100% land acquisition. \"We have made it clear we will lend only to those projects which have total possession of land. Many banks feel the same way. Why will any financial institution increase its non-performing assets ? Non-availability of land for small stretches impacts the entire project and the cash flow,\" said SK Goel, chairman and managing director of India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17186098", "title": "Wildlife protection in TATR buffer zone gets a boost", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: After receiving sanction of Rs2.47 crore from the state government, the forest department has stepped up efforts to strengthen protection for wildlife in buffer area of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR). Officials have already ordered construction of 24 protection kuti (huts) at critical points in the area.Tadoba has a buffer zone spread over 1100 sq km, which is dotted with 79 villages. With literally no restriction on the movement of people, serious efforts were needed to prevent poaching in the area.Forest minister Patangrao Kadam during his visit to Chandrapur on May 30 on the backdrop of Gondmohadi tiger poaching case had assured to take up protection measures in buffer zone on the lines of core areas in TATR. Complying with his directives, TATR authorities sent a proposal for Rs2.88 crore to the state government, which approved Rs2.47 crore.\"We have received the first instalment of Rs1.34 crore. It will be utilized for works like building protection kutis (huts), erection of barriers and check points and increasing patrolling in the buffer area,\" said field director and CCF, TATR, Virendra Tiwari.He informed that order has been given for constructing 24 protection huts, which will cost Rs54 lakh. Similarly, several important roads have been identified for installing barriers and checkpoints on them.Part of the funds will be utilized for increasing the number of waterholes in the buffer area. \"Stress will be on enhancing vigilance and, if necessary, these funds will be used for hiring patrolling vehicles,\" said Tiwari.Welcoming the development, honorary wildlife warden Bandu Dhotre demanded to extend these measures to tiger bearing non-buffer areas. \"Strengthening protection in the buffer area was one of the key demands during my hunger strike in Nagpur,\" he said.Bandu Dhotre, under the banner of his organization Eco-Pro, had staged nine days long fast in Nagpur to push 16-point demands for protection and conservation of tigers in Chandrapur earlier in June. He claimed that there is even large section of tiger bearing forests out of buffer zone were protection is nil. Stress should also be laid on strengthening protection in such areas also, he accreted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17186799", "title": "Book claims India-Pak WC match may have been fixed", "text": "NEW DELHI: If this was a coincidence, then it was certainly a remarkable one. Pakistan's innings in the 2011 cricket World Cup semifinal almost exactly mirrored a prediction by a bookie, claims sports journalist Ed Hawkins in a new book, 'Bookie Gambler Fixer Spy'.Sachin Tendulkar was dropped four times while scoring 85 against Pakistan in the World Cup semifinal at Mohali - a match that virtually brought both countries to a standstill. The audience at the ground included Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, his then Pakistan counterpart Yousaf Gilani, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Congress No. 2 Rahul Gandhi, among others.Hawkins claims that during the match, a bookie contact of his, whom he identifies as 'Parthiv', sent him a message that read, \"Bookie update... India will bat first and score over 260, 3 wickets fall within the first 15 overs, Pak will cruise to 100, then lose two quick wickets, at 150 they will be five down and crumble and lose by a margin of over 20 runs\".Hawkins showed the message to a friend, Cherrene, who was watching the match on TV with him, and emailed two associates, including a journalist named Geoffrey Riddle, saying that he expected Pakistan's innings to unfold exactly as predicted by Parthiv.In the event, India batted first and scored exactly 260. Only 1 wicket (Virender Sehwag for a quickfire 38) fell by the end of the 15th over. According to Hawkins, \"This would be enough to exonerate India from wrongdoing\".Pakistan got off to a brisk start, and reached the 100-run mark in the 23rd over. With 8 wickets in hand, the visitors seemed to have the match under control. Then, Yuvraj Singh took wickets of Asad Shafique (bowled) and Younis Khan (caught at mid-off) in successive overs as Pakistan slumped from 100-2 to 106-4.One of Hawkins' contacts phoned him at that stage to say, \"It's like I'm watching a replay, knowing the fall of the wickets and the result.\"Umar Akmal and Misbah-ul-Haq then rebuilt the innings, but Umar was bowled by Harbhajan Singh for 29 when Pakistan were at 142. As predicted by Parthiv, Pakistan were five wickets down by the time they reached 150 in the 37th over. A \"crumble\" began almost immediately thereafter, as Abdul Razzaq was bowled by Munaf Patel off the very next ball.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192298", "title": "Gomez's trust issues led to breakup with Bieber", "text": "Selena Gomez reportedly dumped her boyfriend Justin Bieber , last week, as she couldn't trust him when they weren't together.News of the couple's split broke on Friday - just hours after the 22-year-old actress posted a picture of the 'Baby' hitmaker with Hungarian Victoria's Secret model Barbara Palvin.\"She broke up with him about a week ago,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling People magazine.\"With them being apart so much it got complicated.\"She had some trust issues. It's not easy, but the relationship needed to end,\" the source said.The break-up is surprising, as Bieber recently said that he was proud to have Gomez by his side.\"I never make [Selena] separate from me because I don't want her to ever feel like I'm ashamed of her,\" he said.\"Because I feel like a lot of guys do that, especially in the business.\"They don't want to be seen with the girl, so they'll make them ride in separate cars. They'll do that 'get away' stuff. [Selena and I] get away together,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192193", "title": "Why some babies of 2012 will live till 100", "text": "Babies born this year will work until the age of 70, be saddled with student debt until 52 and get married eight years later than their grandparents, a study has claimed.This new generation of babies have been dubbed the \"new centenarians\" because they have a one in three chance of reaching the age of 100, the Daily Mail reported.The report, from the investment firm Scottish Widows, predicts a dramatically different life for these babies from the one experienced by their parents and grandparents.It assumes their parents were born in 1983 and their grandparents were born in 1957.On average, a new centenarian will have their first baby at the age of 31, which is two years later than their parents and five years later than their grandparents, who had their first child at 26.It expects \"an increasing proportion of people will either have no children or just one child,\" with many blaming the huge cost of living.While their grandparents typically got married at the age of 25 and spent 4,400 pounds on their wedding, the \"new centenarian\" will walk up the aisle at 33 and spend around 39,000 pounds.In their twenties, they will face \"a hat-trick of financial pressures\" unlike those experienced by either their parents or grandparents.The report is based on interviews with 1,000 parents with children under the age of five, as well as an analysis of official figures from the Office for National Statistics. It paints a bleak picture of life as young adults.They will face the stresses of saving for their first home, paying off student loans which average 52,000 pounds and starting a pension to pay for the longest retirements in history.Scottish Widows predicts that they will retire at the age of 70, while their parents left their jobs at the age of 66 and their grandparents when they were 63.But if they live to the age of 100, they will need to find the money to live comfortably for three decades without working, it warned.The ONS said that around a third of babies born this year in Britain are expected to survive to celebrate their 100th birthday.Baby girls are even more likely to reach the landmark birthday, with 39 per cent of girls born this year getting to 100, compared to 32 per cent of boys.But to have any chance of being able to retire comfortably, the report said that the new centenarians will need to start saving at the age of 25 to build up a decent pension.\"Most workers today require a pension designed to fund a retirement of between ten and 20 years. But increased life expectancy means new centenarians will have to save enough for a 30-year retirement,\" Iain McGowan, head of investment propositions at Scottish Widows, said.The report, compiled by economist and trend forecaster Steve Lucas, also says mortgages will have to be changed to allow people to repay them over a longer period.Typically, buyers take out 25-year mortgages, but the City regulator the Financial Services Authority recently said that the average life of a loan is already rising for young people.During the first half of this year, the average first-time buyer took out a mortgage which will last for 28 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188008", "title": "Vithura school to get state\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first multipurpose synthetic court", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An ambitious project of the state government -- multipurpose synthetic courts to suit multiple games without a change in venue -- will be first realized at Government Higher Secondary School, Vithura.The court, the work on which is almost completed, is most likely to be inaugurated in the last week of November. The government had announced the project to introduce multipurpose synthetic courts in the state in April. The project was mooted to promote sports and mainly to do away with space constraints while holding sporting events. In a multi-purpose court, as many as 10 games can be conducted without change of venue. About 50-60 students can practise simultaneously on the same ground.\"At the newly prepared court, children can play tennis, volleyball, shuttle badminton and basket ball. With a proper mat in place, they can also play kabaddi and taekwondo,\" said a senior official of the sports directorate. Though initially designed for indoor purposes, the court will be presently used as outdoor venue with a gallery.\"In this court you can replace a make-shift tennis court with portable basket ball boards. As for the lines, you don't have to draw it with a chalk, you can go for tapes. For kabaddi or taekwondo, all one needs to do is to lay the respective mats. Similarly, portable posts and nets can be used for volleyball,\" said additional director directorate of sports.The facilities of this court will not be confined just to the school students. Even the interested public can make use of the synthetic court. A marginal amount will be levied from them as part of maintenance cost. The playfield has been set up at a cost of Rs 25 lakh.In fact the government has set aside Rs 3 crore to introduce the courts extensively in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17186318", "title": "Rakhi Sawant to file defamation suit against Digvijaya Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: Reality show star Rakhi Sawant plans to file a defamation suit against Congress leader Digvijaya Singh for associating her name with India Against Corruption (IAC) member Arvind Kejriwal .Singh on Sunday compared Kejriwal with Sawant, saying that they both try and expose, but without any substance. Singh had tweeted: \"Arvind Kejriwal is like Rakhi Sawant . They both try and expose but with no substance. Apologies to Rakhi Sawant I am an old fan of hers !\"Reacting to the statement, Sawant said, \"He will now know, what I can do. I am in talks with a lawyer and will definitely drag Singh to the court for insulting a woman. Why don't they concentrate on their work rather than talk about others in a derogatory manner.\"For the past few days, the IAC has been exposing various scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192245", "title": "One Direction credits fast food for successful career", "text": "One Direction have revealed their secret recipe for their record-breaking success - bucket-loads of fast food.The boys admitted that while the gruelling work schedule for their second album made them more rounded musically, it has also added to their waist sizes too.\"We ate loads of fast food while recording. I think we were in one studio for about two weeks and it was just a rotation of a certain Thai restaurant and Portuguese chicken restaurant over and over again,\" the Mirror quoted group member Harry Styles as saying.\"It's very easy to get stuck in there - you end up with studio tan where you just go green because you've been inside for a week,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17186828", "title": "In UK, beds witness 720 rows, 4,160 kisses in 10 years", "text": "The average bed in Britain goes through 720 arguments, 480 sex sessions, 3,650 tweets and 14,600 text messages, during its ten year life span, a study has claimed. The study showed, Britons spend 38 hours and 50 minutes talking on the phone, over 70 days checking social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter during a period of ten years, the Daily Mail reported. They spend just 2 years and eight months on the bed asleep, it said. A typical bed also provides the backdrop to 3,640 cuddles, 4,160 kisses, 120 breakfasts in bed and 240 books read over the 10 years.Peanut allergy tied to cleanliness?Keeping your home obsessively clean could make your kids develop a life-threatening peanut allergy, a new study has claimed. The research found that children from a more affluent background were twice as likely to have a peanut allergy than their poorer counterparts. Peanut allergy commonly causes breathing problems, but occasionally results in fatal anaphylactic shock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187674", "title": "'John and his wife filed for divorce amicably'", "text": "MUMBAI: Short-film producer Jerrit John, arrested on Saturday for a chemical attack on physiotherapist Aryanka Hozbektar, had on the Friday (November 2) before last gone to court, along with his wife, to file divorce papers. \"Next day, they and their five-year-old son had breakfast together. Jerrit hugged his wife and child, before dropping them to the airport for a flight to Nagpur,\" said John's younger brother Jerrish, who came to Mumbai the week before last from Dubai , where he is an an executive with a private firm. \"I had come only for a week on work, but due to this case, I have extended my leave.\"Jerrish said that after reaching John's residence in Vashi, \"I came to know that my brother and sister in-law were preparing for divorce-amicably. I tried to reconcile them, but Jerrit said there were personal issues, which he did not elaborate.\"Jerrish said he did not see any anger between the couple. \"After they returned home from the court, Jerrit spent most of the day with his son. Next morning, all of us had breakfast together. John played with his son; I, too, played with the kid. I told my sister-in-law (a teacher) that perhaps I would not be able to meet her upon my next visit to India.\"After dropping his wife and kid at the airport, Jerrit went to his office. He did not return home that night. He works in his office for hours on end and it's common for him to be away from home for long periods of time.\"I, too, was busy and so could not meet him. It was Wednesday when a police team arrived inquiring about John. I was taken aback and learnt that my brother was wanted in a case. It was shocking for me since my brother cannot commit a crime.\"Jerrish said he spoke to John at the police station after his arrest. \"Jerrit told me it was Aryanka who counselled him for divorce. She knew he had a five-year-old son and told him she would take care of the child after they got married. She would even play with Jerrit's son at his Bandra office; there is photographic evidence to prove this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186063", "title": "Bronze, brass items also in high demand", "text": "RANCHI: Streets in the state capital were jam-packed with people thronging the various markets to shop for Dhanteras on Sunday. In fact, the first day of Diwali, was celebrated in city with joy as people shopped for various items from jewellery to cars and utensils.\"Buying any kind of metal like gold, silver, brass or bronze on Dhanteras is considered auspicious and brings wealth to the buyer. It is like bringing goddess Laxmi, the goddess of wealth, to one's house. The auspicious time to buy metal this year is from 1:40 pm to 9:40 pm,\" said Pandit Raghu Nath Mishra, a priest.Hundreds of people were seen at jewellery shops buying gold, silver and platinum jewellery.Mayank Arya of Vrinda Jewellers said, \"Despite the hike in gold prices , most people bought the yellow metal for Dhanteras and business was really good. The only difference was that instead of buying heavy jewellery people opted for lighter ones. Many people even purchased platinum jewellery this time.\"Apart from jewellery, many people were seen buying utensils of brass and bronze.\"These metals have medicinal value so it is beneficial for health to eat and drink from these utensils. This Dhanteras, I bought a bronze pot to store water,\" said Shalini Verma, a homemaker.Besides utensils and jewellery, various electronic goods were also bought on Dhanteras, the most popular among which was induction cookers. \"Decision of limiting six cylinders per household every year has definitely led to a hike in the sale of induction cookers. Induction cookers are popular as they save both time and money and are easily affordable,\" said Shyamapad Tripathy, a shopkeeper.Offers on other electronic goods like microwave oven, washing machine and vacuum cleaners have also led to high sales. of these goods in Dhanteras, specially among working women. Drishti Mehta, a working woman, said, \"I cannot give much time at home for cleaning and washing clothes and nowadays it has become really difficult to get a help to do the same. Given the situation , electronic goods are the best substitute and as there are many offers during Dhanteras, I bought a washing machine at a much less price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190705", "title": "Monal Gajjar in Vikram Prabhu's next", "text": "The buzz is the that Kreshna's heroine in Vanavarayan Vallavarayan, Monal Gajjar has been finalized as the heroine for Vikram Prabhu's next film Ivan Veramadhiri.Saravanan is directing this film which is produced by Lingusamy's Thirupathi Brothers. For the Kumki lad, Vikram Prabhu, this is his second film with the same producer.Monal did a meaty role and was noticed in Sudigadu in Telugu, the remake of Tamil Padam . She was a winner of the Miss Gujarat title and also won the Mirchi Queen Bee beauty pageant organised by Radio Mirchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186551", "title": "Pickpocket menace mars festive shopping zest", "text": "JAIPUR: Crowded markets have been the favourite haunt for pickpockets, and during the festive season, police have asked shoppers to be extra cautious.Many pickpockets, including women from Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, are camping in the city since the past few days targeting buyers in the busy streets of the Walled City area.Jaipur police, in the past one week, has already arrested 30 pickpockets including 12 women from areas like Manak Chowk, Kotwali and Brahm Puri.According to police, these pickpockets work in groups and after selecting a 'target' they ask the person to help them with the address of a place and how to reach there. While the unsuspecting person tries to answer their queries, the pickpockets strike and steal the wallet or cash from a handbag.\"Recent incidents suggest that they operate in groups. They introduce themselves as new to the city and ask the person about which bus to take to reach a particular destination. As the person is answering their query, they steal the cash,\" said Pushpendra Singh, circle inspector, Kotwali.\"We have arrested 11 pickpockets in the past three days and our men in plain clothes are deputed in areas like Kishanpole Bazaar that come under our jurisdiction,\" the officer added.On the large number of female pickpockets held this year, a senior officer said, \"Last year we busted gangs involving women pickpockets who would run away with wallets from crowded temples like Govind Dev Ji and Moti Doongri. It seems their activities have increased during this festive season.\"Police have warned people to complete their shopping by early evening and avoid late night outings in crowded markets. \"We will also ask people not to carry too much cash instead use cards for their purchases,\" an officer said.\"We have also asked various market associations to immediately inform us about any suspicious activity or person,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187668", "title": "Local sponsor must for Pakistani cricket fans to get visas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani cricket fans keen to visit India to watch the forthcoming India-Pakistan cricket matches in December-January will have to have an Indian sponsor to get a visa.Seeking to keep tabs on all Pakistani nationals who come to India during the cricket series, the home ministry has made it mandatory for every visitor to give details of a local sponsor in the visa application form besides attaching a copy of the match ticket.The decision to tighten the norms for visas was taken keeping in view past incidents where 12 Pakistanis, who came to India to watch the last bilateral cricket series in 2007, did not return and are yet to be traced.\"There will be no relaxation of visa rules for cricket fans. We cannot compromise our security as it is our prime concern. So, whoever seeks visa has to name a local sponsor,\" a home ministry official said.Stating that there would be no cap on the number of visas to be issued for Pakistanis, the official said, \"Anyone who fulfils the prescribed criteria will be eligible to get a visa. India will also consider giving multi-city visas to cricket fans provided the visa seeker gets a local sponsor.\"The move may see lesser number of Pakistani fans getting visa as all those who want to visit India may not have friends or relatives to sponsor them or vouch for their return after the series.Security agencies do not want to take any chances keeping in mind how Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorists and 26/11 attack accused Sajid Wajid alias Sajid Mir and Major Abdur Rehman had taken advantage of the cricket match in Mohali to enter India in 2005 when they recceed 'future' terror targets.Both had come to India to watch the game in Mohali but went to Mumbai, Delhi and other cities to look for terror targets. Pakistani-American terrorist David Coleman Headley - who did surveillance for 26/11 targets - had during his interrogation narrated in detail how Lashkar terrorists took advantage of the cricket match to enter India.All Pakistani cricket fans who came to watch the 2011 World Cup semi-final in Mohali, however, returned home.Having an Indian sponsor was not mandatory for those who came in 2007. Currently, a Pakistani citizen can get visa for three cities. However, if the new India-Pakistan visa regime comes into effect before the cricket series, visa for five cities can be given.India and Pakistan will play two T20 matches (Bangalore and Ahmedabad) and three one-day internationals (Chennai, Kolkata and Delhi). The last game in Delhi on January 6 may see some Pakistani dignitaries visit the country to witness the match.The two countries have not played a bilateral series since Pakistan's tour of India in 2007 after cricket ties were snapped following the November 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187352", "title": "Clout of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccommunal forces\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in Bengal worries CPM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM is worried about the rise of communal forces in West Bengal as indicated in the recent byelection result of the Jangipur Lok Sabha seat.At the just-concluded Bengal state committee meeting, the CPM leadership discussed at length the \"new phenonmenon\" in state politics and ways to combat it. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"Trinamool's brand of politics is encouraging identity politics in Bengal and helping Hindu and Muslim communal forces.\"The party plans to reorient and strengthen its organization. \"We will rev up our ideological campaign to promote secular ideas. We will also integrate issues of minorities, tribals and all marginalized sections as part of a democratic movement,\" said Nirupam Sen , CPM politburo member.The people are getting disillusioned with the state government. \"With this comes frustration, especially in the youth who can be susceptible to communal propaganda,\" said a CPM leader. The CPM plans to focus on the youth and wean them away from communal influence.The CPM's fear has its root in the increased vote share of the BJP and Islamic parties like the Welfare Party of India (WPI) and Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI). WPI is the political wing of the Jamaat-e-Islami Hind while SDPI includes former members of the Popular Front of India that is a confederation of Muslim organizations.In Jangipur, Congress lost about 16% votes that largely went to these communal parties, including BJP.Together, BJP, WPI and SDPI garnered about 17% votes in Jangipur bypoll where President Pranab Mukherjee's son Abhijit Mukherjee won on a Congress ticket by a narrow margin \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 2,536 votes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d against CPM's Muzaffar Hussain.About 10% votes went to the BJP, WPI got 4% and SDPI about 3% of the votes. BJP's vote share in Bengal almost always hovered around 6%. In the 2011 assembly polls, that uprooted the 34-year-old Left Front government, BJP got about 4.4% votes.The CPM blamed Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress for fertilizing the ground for communal forces.The CPM cited Trinamool government's narrow appeal to religion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d allowance for imams and indiscriminate use of religious icons and practices \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as stoking communal sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186614", "title": "Vacant plot in Saidapet set to turn playground", "text": "CHENNAI: Children and youngsters of Saidapet have a reason to cheer. A 32-ground plot on Kodambakkam Road which was virtually abandoned after being stuck in legal tangles since 1976 will now be cleared of shrubs and developed into a playground at a cost of 45 crore.\"It is a large piece of land, and we will install sports equipment there. It can be used by people of all ages,\" said mayor Saidai Duraisamy. \"We are also considering setting up a gym there,\" he added.The plot was initially owned by a person named S Ramakrishna Rao and two others, when Chennai Corporation decided to acquire it to build a school for boys and girls. The owners approached the court. Later, the civic body did not pay much attention to the case. Recently, when the corporation began reviewing cases, they came across this piece of land. But the original owner had sold the property in 2008 to a firm called Varenya Construction. \"That sale was illegal since a case was on,\" said a legal officer of the corporation.The court approved the acquisition by the corporation and the Chennai collectorate ordered the corporation to pay the owners 45 crore for the property. The mayor suggested transfer of development rights to the owner as an alternative. This would allow the builder to be allotted transferable development rights of 1.5 times the built-up area of the property he gave up for the corporation.The civic body believes the ground which is located on the other side of the corporation boys' school compound makes it easier for children to use and youngsters.\"This plot has been a virtual garbage dump yard. We hope the stink will now be a thing of the past,\" said K Natarajan, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17187399", "title": "No pact with JMM on running Jharkhand govt on rotational basis, BJP says", "text": "BOKARO: The BJP on Sunday said neither the party nor any of its leaders entered into any agreement with ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha to run the coalition government in Jharkhand on 28 months' rotation.Former Union finance minister and Hazaribagh MP Yashwant Sinha on Sunday asked JMM chief Shibu Soren to make public the date, place and the name of the BJP leaders with whom he had made the power-sharing pact. \"BJP had joined hands with JMM and AJSU to provide a stable government in Jharkand. It will be better for the BJP to come out of the government before pushing the state into political instability,\" Sinha said, before adding that the BJP wasn't a private limited company which could work out an agreement with its alliance partners on the running of the government behind closed doors.\"BJP has a parliamentary board,without whose permission no pact can be signed on the formation of any state government. I had asked BJP leaders during government-formation to make a written agreement on the conditions agreed with JMM. If the agreement was clearly laid down, this situation wouldn't have arisen,\" Sinha said. \"We don't want to run a government like a central government,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17186900", "title": "Decoded: Why love makes us giddy, nervous", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have mapped the chemical changes that occur in a person's brain when he falls in love and discovered the areas that activate and shut down during the heady days of courtship. Scanning technology allows neurologists to unravel the mystery of why love can turn us giddy, irrational and even ridiculous and make us nervous and unstable.Researchers hope it may also one day reveal why a few of us might overstep the mark when dealing with the object of our affections, the Daily Mail reported.They found the frontal cortex, vital to judgement, shuts down when we fall in love. MRI scans show this de-activation occurs only when someone is shown a photo of the person they adore, causing them to suspend all criticism or doubt.\"When you see someone you are passionate about, some areas of the brain become active. But a large part is de-activated, the part that plays a role in judgement,\" Semir Zeki, professor of neuro-aesthetics at University College London , said.Zeki believes the brain may behave in this way for \"higher biological purposes\" - it makes reproduction more likely. If judgement is suspended, the most unlikely pair can get together and reproduce. Studies have shown brain chemical dopamine is at higher levels in those in love, the report said.Dopamine is key to our experiences of pleasure and pain, linked to desire, addiction, euphoria, and a surge may cause such acute feelings of reward that it makes love hard to give up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187084", "title": "Capital sees fewer traffic snarls on Dhanteras", "text": "NEW DELHI: The traffic jams due to Dhanteras was lesser than usual this year. While commuters complained of traffic congestion in marketplaces and extremely slow-moving traffic during the evening, the usual gridlock in Delhi was not reported.Traffic officials attributed the comparatively smooth traffic to an emphasis on regulation rather than prosecution before Diwali. Jams were reported in the city during the evening but traffic kept moving.\"We have done strategic deployment and the emphasis has been on regulation rather than prosecution. All traffic circle officers have been directed to start prosecution only when situation normalizes,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Traffic congestion was reported only on the roads near all major markets like Sarojini Nagar, Karol Bagh, Chandni Chowk, Sadar Bazar, Rajouri Garden, South Extension and Lajpat Nagar. Traffic movement was heavy on Ring Road and Outer Ring Road, stretches between Subhash Place and Madhuban Chowk, Ring Road bypass, Peeragarhi to Tilak Nagar, Outer Ring Road, Vikas Marg, Anand Vihar, Alipur, Mathura Road, Filmistan to Azad Market, SPM Marg, Daryaganj to Lal Qila, Lajwanti Nagar flyover, Modi Mill flyover and Janakpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192219", "title": "Taylor Swift wins big at MTV Europe Music Awards", "text": "Taylor Swift was the big winner at Sunday night's MTV Europe Music Awards in Frankfurt, picking up three awards.Wiping the floor with the competition, the 22-year-old singer won the prizes for Best Female Act, Best Live Act and Best Look, the Daily Mail reported.Even though Kanye West was there to support girlfriend Kim Kardashian , he didn't invade the stage like he did when Swift won an MTV award in 2009.Not only did the star win three awards but she also wowed the audience with her energetic circus-inspired performance, dressed as a ringmaster.Swift was only matched in her success by teen pop sensation Justin Bieber who won Best Male Act, Best Pop Act and Best World Stage.Brit band One Direction won awards for Best New Act and Biggest Fans.South Korean pop sensation PSY won the award for Best Video, while Nicki Minaj won Best Hip Hop act.Swift closed the show in true style with a show-stopping performance of her hit 'We Are Never Getting Back Together.'Dressed as a circus ringmaster, the star danced under a shower of streamers and fireworks.Taking to her Twitter account after the ceremony, she wrote: \"Such an insane night!!! You guys won me 3 EMAs! Best female, best live act, best look. Can't even begin to thank you enough. I love you!!\"MTV EMAs Full List of WinnersBest Song - Carly Rae Jepsen - Call Me MaybeBest New Act - One DirectionBest Female Act - Taylor SwiftBest Male Act - Justin BieberBest Pop Act - Justin BieberBest Live Act - Taylor SwiftBest Hip Hop - Nicki MinajBest Rock Act - Linkin ParkBest Electronic Act - David GuettaBest Alternative Act - Lana Del ReyBest Video - Gangnam Style (Psy)Best Look - Taylor SwiftBiggest Fans - One DirectionBest Worldwide Act - Han GengBest World Stage - Justin BieberBest Push - Carly Rae JepsenGlobal Icon - Whitney Houston", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187473", "title": "Dhanteras fails to restore glitter to costly gold", "text": "LUDHIANA: Skyrocketing prices of gold may not have affected desire but has severely dented demand. This festive season, even faith failed to induce people to buy gold. Dhanteras, considered one of the most auspicious occasions to buy gold, did not cause the customary flurry in jewellery shops, with people opting for more affordable ways to follow tradition. There were buyers, but the reluctant trickle was a distant cry from the frenzied rush that marks this festival.According to city jewellers, gold sales took a beating with demand falling by as much as 30 to 40%. Dhanteras did bring some relief to jewellers but not enough to offset the plummeting demand over the past few days. \"Things don't look good for us with the sale of gold going down by almost 40% as compared to the corresponding period last year. Rise in gold prices has affected sales and we are not sure how much prices will rise over the coming few days,\" Ludhiana Jewellers Association president Anand Sikri said.Except for people who have to host marriages or get married themselves, gold does not seem to be high on the public priority list, an ominous trend for jewellers. Punjab Swarankar Sangh district secretary Gopal Bhandari conceded with some trepidation that Dhanteras lacked its glitter. \"Sale of gold fell sharply this year mainly due to fluctuation in prices. People are hesitant to buy gold, except if they have a wedding coming up,\" he observed.Vineet Dhanda, another member of the Punjab Swarankar Sangh expressed concern over the declining demand and said uncertainty over bullion price would cost jewellers dear. The fluctuating prices caused much confusion among buyers, many of whom had to change their plans at the last minute when prices spiked after a lull. \"Prices of gold went down but rose again. We were planning to buy gold on Dhanteras but I settled for some gold coins for my family,\" Rajiv Sharma, a businessman from Rajguru Nagar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17185809", "title": "Maoists used 'outsiders' in ambush", "text": "RANCHI: In a change of tactic, the Maoists have decided not to use local rebels in any major attack. This method was used for the first time in Jharkhand during Friday's ambush on a prisoner van in Giridih.Sources in the intelligence department said all the rebels involved in the ambush were from outside the state. \"Right from planning to execution, everything was done at Jamui in Bihar. The rebel leaders sitting in Bihar used the inputs from Maoists in Jharkhand but did not share any details of the attack and how and when it will be executed,\" said a source.On Friday, the rebels had attacked the van at Mahadev Chowk in Giridih, killing three policemen and one undertrial besides freeing eight of their comrades. The Maoists also got logistic support from outside Jharkhand.Sources said the group, which included women , was last seen at a bus stand in the industrial area close to the site just before the attack.Intelligence officers feel that the Maoists took this (using outsiders) as a test operation to check if this type of attack can be successful of not. \"The rebels have successfully executed the test operation and also managed to send a message that the organization is still active and can strike at will,\" said an officer.Director general of police (DGP) G S Rath also admitted that most of the planning was done at Jamui in Bihar. \"The attack was led by Maoist leader Chirag, who is active in Bihar, and according to preliminary investigation, most of them, if not all, were from outside the state. The way the attack was executed we feel that the rebels also had good idea of topography and some of them, who are at present not associated with Jharkhand, must have roots in places in and around Giridih,\" said Rath.The DGP said one Sahdeo Majhi who hails from Bishungarh area of Hazaribagh district may have played important role in collecting information about the movement of prisoner vehicle. At present, Majhi is a member of Bihar-Jharkhand Special Area Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17187023", "title": "Cracker of a problem, most crackers high in decibel level", "text": "INDORE: Diwali is festival of light and do not turn it into festival of noise by burning fire-crackers. Say no to firecrackers this Diwali as all the firecrackers available in the market are not within the prescribed noise level limits as set by the Supreme Court, says a study carried out by the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO), part of the department of industrial policy and promotion, ministry of commerce and industry, Government of India, earlier this year.A test was conducted on 846 firecrackers made by 144 manufacturers of firecrackers of the country shows that the minimum noise generated by these firecrackers was 120 decibels (dB) against the SC-mandated 105 dB for a string of crackers. The noise limit for a single cracker is 125 dB. The maximum noise these tested firecrackers generated was 146.8 dB.PESO tested firecrackers such as 'atom' bombs (king of king, king kong, hydrogen bomb, bullet bomb and other bombs both big and small; 'dynamite'; Chinese crackers (strings of 1,000, 2,000 and 5,000); maroons (Laxmi 3 1/2, Laxmi 4, Spiderman, Garuda and Parrot), among others.\"All firecrackers tested were failed to meet the noise level limit set by the Supreme Court,\" said Dr S M Manman, PESO official.The amount of pollution created by these firecrackers can be understand from the fact that according to an estimate firecrackers worth of Rs 10 crore are sold in Indore city alone during five-day Diwali festival. A part of it is manufactured locally in several makeshift factories in and around the city. The rest is supplied by distributors of established brands from Sivakashi.Environmentalist Narendra Surana said the fact all fire crackers tested by the PESCO exceeded the noise level limit indicated that SC mandate and other rule related to pollution from fire crackers are not enforced properly. Authorities cannot wash their hands of it by saying that fire crackers are manufactures in a cottage industry and it cannot be monitored effectively. The authorities' concerned should come down heavily on the manufacturers so that they do not violate the SC orders.A district administration official said they do carry out raids and take action against illegal sale and manufacturing of firecrackers. They also take action fire-crackers sellers for setting up shops in crowded areas, but they do not keep a check on noise level of fire-crackers as they do not have proper system for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191752", "title": "Who will play Sonia Gandhi in Rajiv's biopic?", "text": "Abhishek Bachchan is the likeliest candidate for the part of the man who carried India, kicking and dragging, into the 21st century.The Rajiv Gandhi biopic to be directed by Bhavna Talwar would now be made with the consent and approval of Mrs Sonia Gandhi. While the film's director and her husband producer Sheetal Talwar have zeroed in on a number of British and Indian actors who would possibly play Rajiv (among them Colin Firth , Riz Ahmed and Abhishek Bachchan ) it is the casting of an actress to play Sonia Gandhi that's proving more problematic, and a problem that needs to be sorted out at the earliest, since the Talwars would be meeting Mrs Gandhi next month in Delhi over the Rajiv Gandhi bio-pic to give her a low-down of the content.Says a source close to the project, \"Bhavna Talwar would be making the film in complete harmony with Mrs Sonia Gandhi. She who would be kept in the loop about every development in the project. Now , casting for the Rajiv part which is on the verge of closure can be delayed a bit more. But when Sheetal and Bhavna Talwar meet Mrs Sonia Gandhi they must be able tell her the name of the actress who plays her.\"Explains Sheetal, \"It is only reasonable, don't you think? We should be able to inform Mrs Gandhi who is playing her role. We've narrowed down the list to 5-6 foreign actresses. But we can't reveal who will actually play Mrs Gandhi until we sign her.\"We believe Monica Bellucci who was to play Sonia Gandhi in the bio-pic that the late Jagmohan Mundhra was to make, is high in the list. Says Sheetal, \"We are not looking at stars to play Rajivji and Soniaji. We want actors who understand what they stand for. Rajiv changed not just our society in terms of technological progress he changed Indian mindsets. We need an actor who understands the lofty ideals that he stood for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188204", "title": "'Need for scientific probe of crime'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar DGP Abhayanand held a meeting with the senior police officials of Patna and Saran range here on Sunday. During the meeting, he laid stress on three points: increasing cooperation with the economic offence wing, adopting more scientific methods of investigation and speeding up investigation of pending cases.The DGP pointed out that recently the state police succeeded in identifying criminals by adopting scientific methods. The purpose of the meeting was to share such case studies with the officials of different ranges to improve cooperation among police officers.Abhayanand said, \"Economic offences, which include siphoning off of government money, have increased in the state. The economic offences wing (EOW) cannot function in isolation, the officials concerned need cooperation from various district police officials.\" Talking about the pending cases, the DGP said, \"The pending cases should be solved at the earliest, otherwise unsolved cases would pile up.\"Sunil Kumar, DIG, central range, said, \"Detention of the right person in any crime at the earliest is the basic challenge to investigating officers. With the advancement of science, police are also taking the help of more electronic gadgets and that of forensic science laboratory. As soon as the DNA testing starts at the state forensic laboratory, investigations would be speed up.\"A senior official who attended the meeting said, \"Among the recent heinous crimes discussed at the meeting was the murder of Pappu Yadav, a close relative of a former MP, that took place under the Rajiv Nagar police station area in Patna on July 9 this year. The investigating officials shared information on how they collected evidence and used scientific methods to crack the case.\"The meeting also discussed how to utilize the welfare funds allotted to SPs. \"Each SP has a welfare fund of Rs 20,000, to be spent as per the necessity of his subordinates. Proper channelization of such funds was also discussed,\" said the DIG. A welfare section would soon be opened at the offices of all SPs so that the newly-recruited policemen can get assistance as per their needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185730", "title": "Tarun Gogoi failed in every sector: Asom Gana Parishad", "text": "GUWAHATI: In sharp response to the chief minister's admission that he has failed to curb corruption in the state, the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) on Sunday said Tarun Gogoi has lost his moral ground to remain in office.\"It's not only corruption, the chief minister has failed in every sector. He has failed to check inflation , flood and erosion, influx too in the past 12 years of his reign. Does he need any more reason to continue as chief minister,\" said AGP working president Atul Bora.Citing the Congress manifestoes released during the last two Assembly elections, Bora said the government has still miles to go before fulfilling its promises.\"In every manifesto, the chief minister and the Congress had promised to seal the international border, provide 100 per cent employment for local educated youths, amend the plantation labour act for tea labourers and give ST status to six communities. However, the Gogoi government has hardly fulfilled one-fourth of these promises,\" said Bora.Earlier, on Saturday, Gogoi, at a press conference, had said he failed to curb corruption in the state. \"I admit that no department in my government is free from corruption and I have failed to check it.\"The AGP working president also rubbished the chief minister's allegation that the regional party failed to identify illegal infiltrators during its tenure.\"During our reign we had to fight the controversial Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunal) Act before dealing with illegal migrants. But now, the Gogoi government doesn't need to face such barrier. He only lacks will to solve the problem. We don't want him to resign. We just want him to do some self-retrospection,\" said Bora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17185831", "title": "Schools bank on parents for grooming children", "text": "RANCHI: Schools in Ranchi are coming forward to assist parents in grooming their children by offering counselling sessions.School authorities feel the communication gap between parents and children is widening for various reasons. \"In today's time, where both parents are working, there is a big communication gap between the children and the parents. Parents play a major role in their lives and children want their parents to be beside them, always. A child spends most of his time at home. In such a scenario, parents' role becomes more important than a teacher's,\" said J Mohanty, principal, DPS School.The counselling sessions at schools guide parents on how to handle delicate situations at home and help their children. \"We guide parents on how to handle children, help them develop tolerance and spend as much time with the children and talk to them. Parents should be friends with them and they need to understand what they learned 10 years ago can't be applied to today's generation,\" said Rajan Varghese, principal, Kairali School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186041", "title": "Two houses burgled", "text": "NAGPUR: Two burglary cases were reported at different police stations on Sunday morning. In both cases, the families had been away vacation for a day and returned to find their houses burgled.In Nandanwan, thieves broke into the house of Kishore Ahire at Vyankatesh Nagar and got away with gold ornaments and cash, totally worth Rs 1.5 lakh. Ahire and his family had gone to Nashik for a vacation. He had left home on Friday morning. The family returned home on Saturday and found the main door of their house broken open. Gold valuables, cell phone, watches and cash, totally worth Rs 1.5 lakh, was missing.In another case, thieves burgled a house at Om Sai Nagar in Koradi and fled with gold jewellery worth Rs 63,000. The house owner, Deepak Tonge, had gone to stay at his relative's place on Saturday. He returned on Sunday to find the house burgled. Tonge lodged a complaint at Koradi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186566", "title": "Mercury plunges, winter sets in", "text": "JAIPUR: Mercury continued to take a plunge across the state on Sunday. A minimum temperature of 9 degrees Celsius was recorded in Mount Abu making it the coldest place in the hills while Churu is the coldest in the plains at 11.8 degrees.Attributing the continuous dip in the mercury to the factors including western disturbances that brought mild to moderate showers, the Met office said winter has started settling in the state, including the Pink City.Jaipurites woke up to a chilly morning as the city witnessed a minimum temperature of 15.7 degrees Celsius. Later in the day, cloud cover also kept the cool breeze going. In the evening, many people were seen in their woolens in the crowded city markets.Jaipur met office said winter has set in the state especially in western Rajasthan. In the coming week, the temperatures will further dip in the state. \"A drastic dip in the mercury could be felt across the state during the coming week. Jaipur is likely to witness its minimum temperature of below 10 degrees Celsius,\" an officer of the Jaipur Met office said.The Met office said early morning fog also continued across the city affecting visibility up to 400 metres. However, it had no major affect on road, rail and air traffic.In other parts of the state, the mercury also took a dip with Chittorgarh recording a minimum temperature of 12.6 degrees Celsius, Sriganganagar 12.8\u00c2\u00b0, Udaipur 13.4\u00c2\u00b0, Bikaner 15.4\u00c2\u00b0, Kota 16.8\u00c2\u00b0, Jaisalmer 17.7\u00c2\u00b0, Jodhpur 18.7\u00c2\u00b0, and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 19.2 degrees Celsius.The weatherman also forecast a further dip in the mercury in the state. However, with the western disturbance having moved away, the northwest plains will also experience a clear sky because of which the day will be sunny and temperatures will be around 30 degrees. However, in an the opposite effect, morning temperatures will drop drastically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187325", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcFIR can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be filed against police on flimsy basis\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has said ordering of FIR against police officers has serious consequences on their career, so such orders should not be passed on flimsy grounds.Dismissing the plea of a man seeking direction to lodge an FIR against two Delhi Police officers for allegedly forcing him and his cousin to drink liquor and assaulting them inside lock-up. Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat said, \"It needs to be emphasized that the order directing registration of FIR against police officers entails serious consequences so far as those police officers are concerned and also has a bearing on the minds of the general public.\"ASJ Bhat rejected the man's plea seeking direction to lodge a criminal case against an SHO and an ASI, saying this is not a \"case where any investigation by police is necessitated\".\"Such an order paves the way for arrest of the police officers and their suspension. Their career gets adversely affected and no compensation will be adequate if later on they are absolved of the charges,\" the court said.The court rejected the plea, observing that all the allegations had been \"specifically denied and refuted\" in the report filed by the additional commissioner of police, southwest district. It said the petitioner and his associate at no stage called police or informed a doctor. The complainant had alleged before the trial court that on the intervening night of July 18-19, he and his cousin were returning home after attending a wedding in Rohini when an SHO stopped their car and asked for their vehicle's papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17189211", "title": "Indian shuttlers dominate Bahrain international tourney", "text": "NAGPUR: They proved that they aren't just bench-warmers. The depth of the Indian badminton talent came to fore during the 2012 Bahrain International Challenge tournament which concluded at Manama on Saturday night.Out of five events, a strong second string Indian side won four, making it more or less an Indian affair in the Gulf. To top it all, two finals - women's singles and men's doubles - had Indian players on either side of the net.The Badminton Association of India had sent the second string side to Bahrain for exposure as the main squad is scheduled to travel to China for a Super Series event.It was just the right kind of morale-booster for singles winners Arundhati Pantawane and B Sai Praneeth. While Arundhati quelled a spirited challenge from fellow countrywoman Tanvi Lad in three games 20-22, 21-12, 21-19, B Sai Praneeth also rallied back superbly to upset top seed Sri Lankan Niluka Karunaratne 14-21, 21-14, 21-17 in the women's and men's singles finals, respectively.Top seeds Rupesh Kumar and Sanave Thomas justified their billing by claiming the men's doubles title. The seasoned campaigners, however, had to stretch themselves fully to get the better of the new Indian doubles pair K Nandagopal and Jishnu Sanyal. The world No. 2 won 21-18, 19-21, 21-18 in an all-Indian final.The fourth title for India was bagged by mixed doubles pair of Tanveer Gill and Mohita Sahdev. Unseeded in the tourney, the duo shocked top seeds Mahmoud Elsayaad and Nadine Ashraf of Egypt in the final.Nagpur shuttler Arundhati, who had reached a career-best world rankings of 51 last year, did not have a good 2012 and slipped out of the top-100. However, this triumph will certainly help her as she tries to bounce back by performing well in the rest of the season.\"I was confident of winning the title after seeing the draw. I only had to play two good matches to emerge as winner. To win the first international title was a great feeling,\" Arundhati told TOI on Sunday.The 23-year-old had prepared well for the Bahrain tourney. After giving a big scare to PV Sindhu in the semifinals at the Srinagar Senior Nationals in October, Arundhati trained hard at the Hyedrabad-based Pullela Gopichand Academy for a month.Chief national coach Gopichand is pretty satisfied with the overall show by the Indians in Bahrain. \"It augurs well for the future of Indian badminton. It shows we have a good depth,\" said Gopi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188591", "title": "State to assemble BrahMos air version", "text": "KOCHI: The world's heaviest supersonic air-to-ground missile will be made in Kerala. The integration of the air version of supersonic missiles is all set to begin at BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Limited (BATL).The integration complex, where missile parts from various defence research and development centres will be pieced together, will produce 12 missiles a year. The 2.5-tonne air version will be fitted on Sukhoi fighters.The Su-30s are being redesigned to enable them to carry the heavy missiles. The missile will be fitted on the belly of the aircraft. The launcher has also been designed and made at BATL.Structural changes will have to be made on the aircraft to equip it to carry such heavy missile. Russian and Indian experts are preparing separate structural plans, sources said. The two plans, sources said, will be studied by a joint team of Indo-Russian defence scientists and a single plan of action adopted.The Su-30s will be redesigned at the Nasik unit of the Hindustan Aeronautical Limited. Missiles integrated in Thiruvananthapuram will be taken to Nasik and they will be fired from the Su-30s at the Chandipur range in Odisha. \"It will be fired to test its air-to-ground and air-to-sea precision,'' said Dr A Sivathanu Pillai, CEO &amp; MD of BrahMos Aerospace.The IAF has placed an order for more than 40 missiles. The plan, sources said, is to raise two Su-30 squadrons as specialized BrahMos strike teams. This is seen as a key strategic combination as it blends the speed and agility of Sukhois with the supersonic character of BrahMos.Preliminary work on the missiles has already begun at BATL. Defence minister A K Antony will dedicate the facility on November 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186264", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action Committee defies K Chandrasekhar Rao fiat, to revive protests", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ignoring Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) chief K Chandrasekhar Rao's fiat to hold back the protest plans on Telangana, Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (TJAC) has decided to go ahead with its plans to revive the agitation.TJAC chairman M Kodandaram on Sunday said that the pro-Telangana outfit would take out padayatras in Assembly segments represented by the ministers of the region before intensifying the agitation next month.\"To start with, we would take out padayatras in the ministers' Assembly constituencies and then intensify the agitation. We won't rest till the Centre makes an announcement on Telangana,\" said Kodandaram, while addressing a public gathering in Zaheerabad, Medak district.Kodandaram's statement came despite KCR asking him to hold back till they meet to iron out certain issues pending between the two, especially differences that cropped up post-Mahbubnagar bypoll in which BJP defeated TRS.While TJAC had decided to call for its steering committee meeting on Saturday, KCR's son and TRS MLA K Tarakarama Rao called up Kodandaram and asked him to put off the meeting till his father calls him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17188506", "title": "Farmers will be given top priority under Kuttanad Package: K C Venugopal", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Union minister of state for civil aviation K C Venugopal has said the farmers will be given utmost priority when projects are rolled out under the Kuttanad Package. The problems associated with the execution of the package will also be sorted out within this month, he said.The minister was speaking after inaugurating a public function organized for the distribution of funds to the farmers under the Kuttanad Package at Municipal Town Square on Sunday.He said more projects will be designed for the infrastructural development of Kuttanad.\"More roads leading to paddy fields will be constructed in Kuttanad and it will help the farmers for the easy transportation of seeds and paddy. We have resolved to solve all basic problems of the farmers through the package,\" the union minister said.\"Special projects will be prepared for the welfare of the coconut farmers. Kuttanad will be included in the coconut farming revival project of the Coconut Development Board,\" the minister said.He said the central government had already issued directions to utilize the funds of Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana for the benefit of the Kuttanad farmers.\"The Prosperity Council of the Kuttanad Package will be held at the chamber of the chief minister Oommen Chandy on November 14 and the meeting is expected to solve the present hurdles in connection with the execution of various major projects under the package,\"K C Venugopal said.Alappuzha municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido presided over the function. Alappuzha MLA T M Thomas Isaac, Ambalappuzha MLA G Sudhakaran, municipal vice chairman B Anzari, standing committee chairperson K K Jayamma, principal agriculture officer K Babu, municipal councilors Thomas Joseph and Sunil George, District Agricultural Development Committee members N A Jabbar, V A Abdhulla, D Lakshmanan, R Anilkumar, Girish and Tomichan and agricultural assistant director M S Ajitha also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17188680", "title": "Nurses plan to intensify stir; Collectorate march today", "text": "KANNUR: The coordination committee of the joint action councils in Kannur and Thaliparamba, which were formed to support the agitation by the Indian Nurses' Association (INA), would organize a Collectorate march on Monday. Sunny Joseph MLA will inaugurate the march.\"This coordination committee comprises representatives of various political parties as also the representatives of the INA and this march is part of the effort to intensify our agitation,\" said E M Vineeth Krishnan, the national secretary of the INA.\"Though the hospital managements are adamant in their stand against the agitation, all the political parties are convinced of the demands of the nurses and they have offered all supports,\" said the association. They said nearly 2,000 people including 600 nurses, their parents and the general public would participate in the march.\"Former health minister and CPM leader P K Sreemathi visited the striking nurses at Koyili hospital and offered all support to us. Prominent Congress leaders like K Sudhakaran MP and PC Thomas also visited yesterday,\" he said.Meanwhile, State Human Rights Commission member Adv K E Gangadharan who visited the nurses two days back asked the labour commissioner and the director of health service to study the issue and submit a report.The INA also claimed that the functioning of the hospitals had been seriously affected and the managements were illegally using the service of trainees even in ICUs.However, the hospital managements said that they were taking the help of the nurses who had not taken part in the strike. \"Apart from the nurses who are not participating in the strike, we also take the help of the qualified staff in the nursing colleges that we run,\" said K Jayarajan, district secretary of the Qualified Private Medical Practitioners' and Hospitals' Association (QPMPA).He also said in the hospitals, where nurses were striking they have restricted inpatient admission and half of the rooms and wards were closed. \"Only one ICU was functioning in these hospitals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17186956", "title": "Magic number: Manmohan hosts lunch for Mayawati", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the UPA's numbers shaky and in need of fortification ahead of the winter session of Parliament, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday hosted a lunch for Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati whose support is crucial considering the opposition's plan to bring resolutions against FDI in multi-brand retail to embarrass the government.The meeting came after Singh hosted a dinner for Samajwadi Party boss Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, on Friday.The meetings with SP and BSP, which are extending outside support to UPA, are seen as newly-appointed parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath's strategy of reaching out to UP political outfits to counter any opposition onslaught on issues such as FDI in retail , cap on subsidized LPG cylinders, hike in diesel price and price rise in the winter session set to begin on November 22.After Trinamool Congress's exit from the UPA with its 19 MPs in Lok Sabha, the support of SP (with 22 MPs) and BSP (with 21 MPs) in the lower House is crucial to cushion the government against any eventuality as the opposition has said it will bring resolutions against FDI in multi-brand retail.The SP has openly opposed FDI in multi-brand retail but has maintained that it would not withdraw support to UPA in a bid to check communal forces. Though BSP has promised outside support to UPA, it has not disclosed its stand on FDI in retail.Apart from countering the opposition, the government wants the support of SP and BSP to get important legislations such as Lokpal, whistleblowers' bill and food security bill passed in Parliament.After meeting the PM, Mayawati refused to divulge her party's strategy in Parliament on contentious issues such as FDI in retail, arguing that the meeting should not be linked with the winter session.\"We are supporting the UPA government from outside and such meetings keep on happening,\" Mayawati said, replying to a query on whether the Centre was now giving more prominence to the BSP and SP in the wake of Trinamool's exit from the UPA.\"It is not for the first time... I have earlier also on several occasions come for lunch and dinner. PM invited me for lunch and in politics lunches and dinners do take place. Don't link my meeting with the PM with the upcoming winter session of Parliament,\" she added.To a query if BSP will support the Congress on FDI in retail, she said, \"I have spoken about this in detail in our party rally in Lucknow on October 9. We will take whatever steps are necessary keeping in mind what we had said in that rally.\"Mayawati said her party would once again demand early passage of the bill for reservation in promotions for SCs and STs in government jobs which is scheduled to be taken up in Parliament in the winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187135", "title": "Phase-2 of 108 ambulance service launched", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government is planning to launch another network of 1,000 ambulances in the next financial year. This would be in addition to 988 basic life support ambulances under Samajwadi Ambulance Seva (108 ambulance service).An announcement to this effect was made by the health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan at a programme to mark the second phase of 108 ambulance service on Sunday. \"Timely medical intervention can help in saving many lives. After one basic ambulance at each block under 108 service, we are working to provide additional ambulances in the next financial year,\" Hasan told the press.In the second phase of the 108 ambulance service, 300 ambulances were sent to 21 districts. With this the network has spread to 34 districts in the state. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who flagged off the ambulances stated that the government plans to roll out all the 988 ambulances by the end of January.The CM reiterated that his government's commitment to provide better health care services. He also stated that his government is working to limit the mortality and morbidity due to encephalitis in eastern districts. \"I visited Gorakhpur recently to take stock of the situation. I have also announced a compensation for those who die or turn handicapped due to encephalitis,\" he told the press.In the second phase, the service provider GVK EMRI would cover the accident-prone western UP districts including Noida, Ghaziabad, Agra and Mathura. The phase would also mark our entry in the eastern part of the state through Allahabad, Pratapgarh, Gonda, Bahraich and Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187128", "title": "BEST plans to clear dues by month-end", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST officials plan to expedite the Rs 894-crore payment to Tata Power and are likely to clear all dues by the month-end, sources said. This will ensure that there is no blackout in south Mumbai.Tata Power had recently issued a notice to the BEST Undertaking asking it to clear dues amounting to Rs 894 crore within 60 days. If it fails to do so, Tata Power will pull out of the existing arrangement with BEST and this can lead to a blackout.\"Our priority is to settle all dues with Tata Power. We have also kept the bonus issue on hold and for the first time in several decades, BEST employees will be celebrating Diwali without bonus,\" said a senior official. The non-payment of dues to Tata Power for the past four months had come up during the BEST committee meeting recently. It was mentioned by BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta. Said BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil, \"We have agreed to postpone the bonus issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187092", "title": "Bikers fire at businessman, loot Rs 23L", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite heavy security cover in the city, armed robbers held a businessman hostage at gunpoint to rob him of Rs 23 lakh in broad daylight, police said on Sunday. The sensational robbery in which assailants blinded their victim with pepper and even fired a bullet at him took place on the main road in Lajpat Nagar area.Rajesh Kumar (42) lives in L block of Lajpat Nagar with his family and owns a garments outlet in Central Market. He also has a forex agency on the first floor of the same building. On Sunday morning, he left home on his scooter at 10.20am with a bag containing around Rs 8 lakh in Indian rupees and around 14 lakh in Euro, yuan and US dollars, sources said.Witnesses told police that as Kumar reached the colony gates and came onto the main road, a pair riding a Pulsar rammed into his vehicle causing him to lose his balance. The accused duo then picked up a fight and snatched his bag.As the accused tried to mount the bike to leave the spot, the victim pulled the two-wheeler causing them to fall down. Kumar then attempted to overpower the duo. It was at this time that one of the accused sprayed pepper powder into his eyes. Still, Kumar held on and the desperate robbers whipped out a gun and opened fire. The shot missed the businessman and hit the wall, witnesses said.An alarmed Kumar released his hold on the bag upon hearing the gunshot. As the duo rode away towards Jangpura, there was no police officer in sight and no one could reach the spot to help him for the next five minutes. Lajpat Nagar police have lodged a case of armed robbery and several teams are probing the matter.Sources said that the heist was similar to Friday's incident wherein a biker duo robbed Rs 23 lakh from a liquor businessman's employee on Heli Road in Barakhamba Road police station area. Sachin Sharma (26) was returning to his office after collecting payment from Chandni Chowk when two people on a bike threatened to shoot him and snatched away his bag.According to sources, the descriptions of the accused matched in the two cases. Police officers are probing all angles, including an insider's role in the incident, said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188585", "title": "SIT wants MM Mani to undergo lie test", "text": "KOCHI: A special investigation team re-probing the political murders in Idukki has issued a notice to CPM leader M M Mani to present himself for a polygraph test at the Forensic Science Laboratory in Thiruvananthapuram within 10 days.The notice was issued on Sunday in connection with the Anchery Baby murder case. Besides Mani, notices were also issued to three others, O G Madanan, M K Damodaran and Kuttan.Head of the investigation team and inspector-general of police (Kochi range) K Padmakumar said the polygraph test was necessary for gathering vital information in the case.The SIT decided to go for polygraph tests after the accused had denied role in Baby's murder. Baby, then a 28-year-old INTUC worker, was murdered on November 13, 1982.\"They need to undergo the tests. If they refuse, police will opt for all legally available means to get the tests done,\" police sources said.Cases were registered against former secretary of CPM's Idukki unit Mani and others for allegedly abetting political murders in that district during the 1980.Mani, in a sensational speech in Thodupuzha on May 26, had listed out the murders, saying one was shot dead, another beaten to death, and a third person fatally stabbed. All three deceased were CPM's political opponents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187159", "title": "College girl hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: A nineteen-year-old girl committed suicide at her Malad (W) home. The deceased, Priyanka Lokhande, was allegedly upset as she had not scored well in her college exams and was also facing problems at home.Lokhande, a first-year BMS student, hanged herself in the kitchen on Friday night. She resided with her father, step-mother and two step sisters at Jankalyan Nagar. She had not scored well in a few subjects in her first semester exams. \"Priyanka had complained to her friends that she had to do all the household chores and look after her stepsisters, which she did not like. She had also complained of her father speaking harshly to her. We have recorded her family's statements,\" a police official said.In another incident, a 60-year-old woman committed suicide at her Malwani home on Sunday. Saira Sayyad, the deceased, was unwell and under stress. The police said she was found hanging at her home in Squatters' Colony around 6.35am. Two separate cases of accidental death have been registered by the Malwani police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17186977", "title": "Mhow villagers may be deprived of rail services", "text": "MHOW: Thousands of villagers residing along a dozen villages adjoining three railway stations of Mhow tehsil situated on the Mhow-Khandwa railway line will soon be deprived of the railway services. As per the new plan to re-align the railway track between Mhow and Balwara station, the mountainous stretch will be bypassed to make the journey easier and hurdle free.This is a part of the gauge conversion project between Ratlam and Khandwrarail servicesa which is scheduled to start in January next year. Due to this project, Patalpani, Kalakund and Choral stations will not come in the new alignment and the track will be bypass the Vindyahchal ranges and will reach Balwara through planes.A wide resentment prevails among the residents of Patalpani, Choral, Kalakund, Utediya, Ratvi, Bhankhedi, Barkheda, Gunjara and few other villages who have been using railway services since generations after the tracks were laid by the British government in 1870s.Ramlal Chouhan, a resident of Patalpani village told TOI that the plight of the residents will get worsened after the new project comes into effect as the residents of the affected villages will have to reach either Mhow or Balwara stations to catch a train. He said that when the narrow gauge railway tracks of Shimla and Darjeeling are fully functional even today and are the symbols of pride for the nation, same could have been done with this track also. The mountains coming in the way make the journey more adventurous and beautiful and looking at it, the railways could have declared it a heritage track that could be opened for the tourists.Kalakund sarpanch Shailendra Verma said that even after so many years of independence, there is no proper road approach to the villages in the region and train was the only mode of connectivity, especially during monsoons. He further said that the villages coming under his panchayat are very much ill-developed and after they get deprived from the railway facilities, the ongoing development will also be affected.At present, the length of the railway track between Mhow and Balwara is 38 kilometers and after the new plan comes into force, the distance will become 53 kilometres, thus an increase of 15 kilometres.In the first phase of the project, the meter gauge railway track between Ratlam and Fatehabad will be converted into broad gauge while in the next phase, the track between Fatehabad and Khandwa will be converted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190024", "title": "A sneak peek into Alex Pandian", "text": "Karthi's next film Alex Pandian is swiftly getting ready for release. While the fans are waiting, we have some gotten a sneak peek into what the movie will look like.The Cast:Alex Pandian features Karthi and Anushka in the lead. After having carving himself a different identity with each of his films, Karthi will be seen portraying a new style, yet again with Alex Pandian. Joining him will be Santhanam, who this time, will be his enemy in a funny way. Apart from these three characters Manobala, Milind Soman, Suman and Mahadevan will also be playing characters in the film.The Story:Our sources reveal that the story will revolve around Karthi playing a worry-free character in the film. Apparently, karthi will be visiting Santhanam's house as a guest and will have conflicts with the comedian who tries to cast him out. Eventually, the due meet the same end. However, his relationship with Anushka and how he lands into trouble will be the highlight of the film.The Crew and Release:Directed by Suraj and produced by Studio Green, Alex Pandian is in the final stages of development and is expected to release during Pongal, 2013. Devi Sri Prasad is the music director and the cinematography is being handled by Saravanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186131", "title": "Dispute over sale of tortoise led to kidnapping", "text": "NAGPUR: The man rescued by police from the custody of four youths on Saturday evening had been kidnapped after a deal to sell a tortoise turned sour. All four accused have been arrested and remanded to police custody till Monday.Police said that one Piyush Manohar, a supervisor in a factory on Jabalpur-Hyderabad road, near Panjri toll naka, had bought a rare tortoise with a colourful shell. Rahul, a good friend of Manohar's, showed interest in buying the tortoise and a deal was fixed at Rs 5,000. Rahul claims that he paid Rs 5,000 to Manohar but he was not handed over the tortoise.After a few days, Manohar refused to sell the tortoise and asked Rahul to take back the money. Enraged by this, Rahul abused Manohar, which led to a heated argument between them.On Saturday afternoon, while Manohar was near his office, Rahul and his friends reached the place and thrashed him publicly. Then they forced him to sit in the car and took him away. Manohar's colleagues witnessed the incident and immediately alerted the police control room, which sent a message on the wireless to all city police stations.By evening, the abduction message had been aired to all city police stations and Kalamna police chased the car and nabbed them near Kalamna market. A charge of kidnapping was registered late on Sunday night at Sonegaon police station.The kidnappers arrested include Manohar's friend Rahul Chanore (20), Javed Khan (29), Nazarullah Khan (29) and Sayyed Ali (32). All four were produced in the court on Sunday and granted PCR till Monday.Manohar claimed that he had been taken to a room at Sneha Nagar, where he was locked up for a few hours and thrashed severely. Later in the evening, the youths took him via Great Nag road to Kalamna, where the police stopped the car on suspicion. All the four accused were handed over to Sonegaon police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186532", "title": "Factories under lens for buying oil stolen from IOC pipeline", "text": "JAIPUR: Several factories in Jaipur are under the police scanner for buying crude oil that was siphoned off from the Jamnagar-Mathura IOC pipeline passing through Bharatpur district.Following a raid at a godown in Bhankrota on the Ajmer Road on Saturday, where the thieves were storing the oil, it has come up during investigation that those involved in the theft sold crude to factories in Jaipur.The thieves had also smuggled oil to several other places including Delhi and Haryana.Workers at other factories in the area told the police that the godown was operational for at least two years.On Sunday, police raided another godown near the RIICO industrial area in Sirsi Bindayika. Two oil containers were seized from the spot.Police suspect that the godown was set up in the area to facilitate easy supply of oil to factories after treating it. These factories were using the crude in boilers and furnaces after mixing it with kerosene.In a joint operation, a team of Bharatpur and Jaipur police had busted a godown at Laxmi Nagar Colony in Bhankrota's Jaisinghpura on Saturday and seized about 25,000 litre of crude oil. The land is owned by one Satyanarayan Saini, a resident of Vivek Vihar in Vaishali Nagar. Saini is on the run since Saturday.Saini, said police, is a notorious criminal involved in several cases of oil theft from IOC pipeline. He has been arrested twice in UP, and thrice in Rajasthan on charges of oil theft. A team also raided his house in Vivek Vihar, but it was locked. However, police claimed to have got vital clues regarding his whereabouts.Further investigation revealed that Saini and his gang were involved in at least three recent cases of oil thefts including those at Rewari in Haryana and Bhusawar in Bharatpur. Cops suspect that Saini has contacts with a large network of oil mafia.\"Factory workers at Bhankrota told us that they had seen trucks coming and leaving the godown for past two years. One can guess how much oil Saini and his gang must have distributed over this period. We will investigate which factories bought oil from these men and bring them to book,\" said Lakhan Khatana, SHO, Udhyog Nagar police station.The Udhyog Nagar police was conducting a routine check of vehicles on Thursday night when they intercepted a truck with a container carrying about 22,000 litre of crude worth Rs 15 lakh. The driver and helper were arrested. During interrogation, police came to know that the oil mafia was stealing oil from the pipeline near Rarah and Moroli villages in Bharatpur by digging up a 500-meter long tunnel. The police then raided the Bhankrota situated godown.Digging out more details:The godown in Bhankrota was operational for the past two yearsPolice raids godown owner Satyanarayan Saini house in Vaishali Nagar's Vivek ViharAnother godown in Sirsi Bindayika area raided, two containers seizedA man rounded up from Jaipur by the special operations group (SOG) on SundayPolice suspect oil was being stolen from the pipeline in Bharatpur for at least 20 days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187525", "title": "India wants comprehensive climate talks in Doha", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has demanded that environment ministers gathering in Doha for climate talks in November-end discuss not just greenhouse gas emission reductions but finance, technology and other issues closer to developing countries' interest too.In its latest submission to the UN, the government has demanded that ministerial round-tables being organized must be comprehensive in nature and should not focus on a particular issue to the exclusion of others.The special ministerial round of discussions is being held to develop a quicker consensus on the shape that the new global climate change regime, which is to be negotiated by 2015, should take.The demand reflects India's wariness that the developed countries would push for discussions only on reducing emissions at the cost of forwarding talks on transfer of finance and technology from the rich to the poor countries.India has reiterated that the legal form of the new deal should not be pre-judged. Instead, the meat of the new deal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d what elements and principles it shall have \u00e2\u20ac\u201d should be carved out before the countries decide how to give it legal form.Similarly, India has demanded that the Doha talks not decide a 'work-plan' with specific time-lines and milestones until the basic scope of the new global compact has been decided upon. Worries abound in the developing world that fixing deadlines for the coming three years of talks will permit the developed world to slip in elements on which consensus has not been generated.The developing world would prefer the guiding principles and elements of a new compact to be fleshed out with consensus as a priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188260", "title": "Himalaya Drug Company to observe its foundation day on Nov 14", "text": "Birbal Sahni Institute of Paleobotany, Lucknow is organising its founder's day function on November 14. CS Nautiyal, director, National Botanical Research Institute will preside over the function. Prof R Ramesh will deliver 58th Sir Albert Charles Seward memorial lecture on scientific problems regarding Anthropocene.Diwali celebrated: Humanity Foundation of India, an NGO, celebrated Diwali at Satya Mandir, Indiranagar on Sunday. On this occasion, the members of the organisation distributed sweets and candles among the underprivileged children. A cultural programme was also organised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17187934", "title": "Avian flu scare: Price of chicken drops", "text": "MANGALORE: The prices of chicken, both live and meat, have dropped by almost 20%-30% in the coastal city following the avian flu scare, even though no cases have been reported from here so far.Restaurants which procure meat daily are making a killing as they have not reduced prices and others who have annual contract say they cannot reduce as their rates are pre-fixed.According to Lester D'Souza, managing partner of Souza Hatcheries, the prices started dropping about 20 days ago. \"The rates have not gone back to the pre-Avian Flu scare days yet. This scare, coupled with un-liquidated stocks due to sealing of Kerala border added to the woes. Now the situation seems to be improving as prices have moved up marginally,'' he said.DK Hotel Owners Association Vice President Ahmed Fakruddin, who procures meat on a daily basis, said, \"We cannot reduce the prices of dishes as the prices have been fluctuating wildly. Also during Deepavali season, the prices of chicken come down as Hindus go vegetarian for about a week.Lester added, \"The Diwali season demand reduction is factored in as it is an annual feature. But the price drop started happening 20 days ago due to the Avian Flu scare.\"Norbert Crasta, a poultry retailer at Kadri said, \"This festive season there is no buying sentiment like last year. It is not only restricted to chicken to say that Avian Flu has scared consumers. This has been prevailing since October. Now, even if prices are down, there are no takers. The downward sales slide can partly be attributed to the flu scare.\"A prominent hotelier said, \"We will not reduce the prices. Let us also enjoy a little more profits during the festive time. We bore the brunt of price rise since the past one year and did not pass it on to the customers. Now it is our time to line our pockets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17186874", "title": "Five held for poaching", "text": "COIMBATORE: Five people were arrested and booked for hunting Sambhar deer fawn and monitor lizard from Kurumbur forests in Sathyamangalam on Sunday. All of them are from the local tribal villages and were reportedly using dogs to track and bring down fawns for meat which is a delicacy in the region. They were arrested and remanded to custody after the remains of the dead animals were found in their possession.According to forest officials, 15 special teams including were formed in Sathyamangalam and neighbouring areas to track and nab poachers indulging in the killing of wild animals. The arrested five members were identified as K Veeran, P Rangan, D Veluchamy, M Jadayasamy amd C Kannan who are first time offenders. They were initially taken into custody for hunting Sambhar deer fawn weighing 20 kilograms. A dead monitor lizard was also found in their possession which is a protected wild animal as per the law, said N Satheesh, District Forest Officer, Sathyamangalam.The accused used their dogs to chase the Samhar deer. These canines were not trained hunting dogs like the Rajapalayam breeds and hence were used for trapping smaller animals especially deer fawns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17188580", "title": "Security stepped up for Diwali", "text": "KANPUR: The police have stepped up security across the city for Diwali celebrations, particularly business establishments and places of religious importance. DIG Amitabh Yash said that special police teams have been deputed in busy market places and other crowded areas to check the activities of mischievous elements. Learning a lesson from the powerful blast on CHC premises in Bara Sirohi, in which four persons died a couple of years back, the police are also continuing with a drive against illegal storage and manufacturing of firecrackers, besides apprising the sellers to set up stalls only at the prescribed places and adhere to safety measures recommended by the fire department.\"We have selected some venues for sellers of firecrackers, including the one at Nana Rao Park close to Phoolbagh ground. No one would be allowed to run a firecracker stall in any residential area across the city,\" a police official, adding that the instructions have also been issued to the fire department, regarding checking of fire safety norms. \"If any cracker stall owner is found flouting these norms, the licence would be cancelled,\" district magistrate MP Agarwal said.Yash further said that elaborate arrangements have been made with the assistance of PAC and RAF to thwart any disruptive activity. Though there was no report about specific threat in the city, arrangements had been made keeping in view the prevailing situation in the country and assessing the general threat perception. Anti-sabotage teams had been deployed throughout the city. Arrangements have also been made for crowd control and regulation of vehicular traffic. Security check at railway station: In the wake of the festival, personnel of the Government Railway Police and Railway Protection Force conducted a security checking drive at the Kanpur Central railway station on Sunday. A dog squad and bomb disposal squad were pressed into service and every nook and corner of the railway station was checked.The luggage of passengers were also frisked with metal detectors, so also important trains halting at the platforms. The RPF stepped up security on the railway premises keeping in view huge rush of passengers getting down at the railway station. Passengers without tickets were fined and warned not to travel ticketless.Cops also remained alert at the entry and exit gates on both the sides of the railway station.The circulating area and parking lots were checked for suspicious items. Initially, passengers at the station were in a state of surprise when the frisking began, but relaxed when the necessary was being done. Several persons were asked to produce an identity proof.RPF inspector Sanjay Pandey said such drives would continue past the festival of Diwali and added that cops had been divided into teams each with a specific duty. A similar checking drive was initiated at the Amar Shaheed Major Salman Inter State bus station. The buses, passengers and their luggage were checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187554", "title": "Netas visit ailing Sena supremo", "text": "MUMBAI: A stream of visitors made their way to Matoshree, the Bandra residence of the Thackeray clan, to visit ailing Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Sunday. His nephew and MNS chief Raj Thackeray , deputy chairman of the state legislative council Vasant Davkhare and MNS MLAs Nitin Sardesai and Bala Nandgaonkar were among those who visited Thackeray, it is reliably learnt.According to a senior party leader, a team of nurses and doctors are monitoring Thackeray's health at Matoshree.\"There are concerns about his health among the Sena rank and file,\" admitted a Sena leader. He added that party men were relieved after hearing MNS chief Raj Thackeray's statement on Saturday night that \"there is no need to worry about Balasaheb's health.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186133", "title": "4 hurt in Ranchi road mishap", "text": "RANCHI: Four persons were injured when an autorickshaw they were traveling in collided head-on with a car at Pandra locality here on Sunday. Shreya Kumari, 21, who was travelling in the autorickshaw along with three others, suffered a leg fracture and taken to RIMS for treatment.Both the vehicles involed in the accident have been seized by police. Riyaz Khan, the investigating officer of the case said, \"Both the auto and the car have been seized. The car driver, who hit the auto while recklessly driving the vehicle, fled from the site of the accident.\"The auto driver Ayub Khan , has also sustained injuries in his legs and is under treatment. Two others injured were, however, discharged from RIMS after preliminary treatment. An FIR has been lodged in this connection with Ratu police station.Three held for theft:Three persons who had stolen Rs 90,000 cash from a shop from Kaju Bagan locality were arrested by district police on Sunday. Among those arrested are Vishal Kumar, Vivek Kumar, and Sunny Kumar. \"Rs 49,850 cash, two bikes, one country made pistol and one mobile phone was recovered from their possession,\" said Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh. The incident had occured under Pandra police outpost. The accused had carried the theft at the shop of a local businessman Subhash Prasad Gupta on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186064", "title": "No silver lining to flat Dhanteras gold sales", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as gold touched Rs 32,075 a tola (10 grams) this Dhanteras, traders reported almost no growth in sales as compared to last year, blaming the weakening rupee for making the yellow metal dearer at home. Interestingly, there was no increase in demand for silver too.The benchmark price of gold, quoted in dollars per ounce, has fallen from a high earlier in the year. However, when the rupee falls against the greenback, the price of gold, which is an imported commodity, becomes dearer.All this has resulted in the yearly increase in gold prices from Dhanteras to Dhanteras coming down. As against an appreciation of 26% in 2011, the yearly appreciation on the festival in the current year stands at 15%. The rates stood at Rs 27,245 a tola on the festival last year and Rs 19,955 the year before.Internationally, gold is currently priced at $1,731 an ounce, which translates to Rs 32,075 a tola. However, the yellow metal has fallen from a peak of $1,790 in October, when rates in India were around Rs 31,600, Rs 475 lower than current levels. This rise in Indian gold prices even as international prices are down is due to the dollar now being priced at Rs 54.68 a rupee as against Rs 52.73 in October.Lower international prices mean that the demand globally is less, but the movement is due to a weaker rupee, said Nilesh Rathi of SMS Bhav, a bullion rate information agency.\"A weaker rupee also reflects the country's economic condition. If you see the gold rates from 1980s onwards, in terms of dollars, the prices have multiplied five times. But in India, it has been an eightfold rise in rupee terms,\" said Mansukhlal Soni of Satyam Jewellers at Sarafa Oli, Itwari. \"If the rupee strengthens there have been times that the dollar has weakened internationally, which again makes gold rates go up,\" he added.The rush at Sarafa Oli, the traditional hub for jewellery shops, was not significant despite this Dhanteras falling on Sunday. \"The turnover is higher than a normal day, but nothing worth mentioning,\" said Rajkumar Gupta of Sarafa Merchants Association.The volumes have been higher on Dhanteras but the growth is flat as compared to the previous festival said most jewellers. Unlike earlier years, the demand for silver has also come down, added Pradeep Kothari of M/s Karan Kothari Jewellers.Consumers too did not appear to be much enthusiastic although many bought gold just to keep up the tradition. Naresh Jhakotia, a chartered accountant , said that his family did buy gold on the occasion but the quantity did not increase as compared to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188231", "title": "Friends remember 'chiro sokha'", "text": "KOLKATA: The left-hand corner of the lower tier of College Street Coffee House seemed to haunt everyone as the eternal Tagore favourite 'Ebaar nirob kore dao he tomar mukhor kabi-re' played in the background. The tearful violin and esraj reminded everyone that Sunil Gangopadhyay, a regular fixture of that corner from the 1950s through the '70s, is no more.The Publishers and Booksellers Guild chose it as the venue for a remembrance on Sunday afternoon. The life-size picture of the poet in the background and his famous lines, 'Amar Bhalobashar Kono Jonmo Hoe Na, Mrityu Hoe Na', kept reminding the sombre gathering that you don't talk about death and endings when the person in question is Sunil Gangopadhyay, for he lived life with a zest that defies death.His friends and admirers described Gangopadhyay's exit as that of a king's, as grand as the existence was. \"He did not believe in afterlife... But since we do, it gives us so much comfort to think that he is there, seeing all of this,\" said poet Bithi Chattopadhyay.Among the others present were writers Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay and Diptendu Chakraborty, theatre personality Soumitro Mitra, renowned artist from Bangladesh Qayuum Chowdhury, deputy high commissioner of Bangladesh, Abida Islam, and actress Chaiti Ghoshal.Mukhopadhyay's association with Gangopadhyay goes back to over five decades, half of which were spent as newspaper colleagues. \"The Coffee House brings back rushes of memories. This place during our time was incomplete without Sunil and Shakti. The latter left us long back and now Sunil is no more... How can I describe the heart wrench and the emptiness?\" said an emotional Mukhopadhyay.He described Gangopadhyay as large hearted, someone who did not think twice before giving away his wealth and creations to anyone who asked for them. \"He lived life to the fullest, something that made him such a multi-faceted writer,\" Mukhopadhyay said, adding anecdotes like how Gangopadhyay would sing tunefully after he got drunk.Travel writer Diptendu Chakraborty, one of Gangopadhyay's closest aides for three decades, and one who was with him in his final hour, broke down while recounting his life with \"boss\". Whenever Gangopadhyay and his wife travelled abroad, Diptendu, a resident of Toronto , would be with them. He has even filmed many of these travels and is preparing a DVD on them.Gangopadhyay and Diptendu had planned a trip to Dooars in October this time, he recounted. \"The day before he died, he asked me to get him some machher tel, quite surprising since he wasn't being able to eat much. On his last night, he asked me to stay over; perhaps he had a premonition...\" Diptendu said. Soumitro Mitro spoke about how Gangopadhyay bailed out Nandikar once and about his recent trip to Kanha with the writer.Writer and Guild secretary Tridib Chattopadhyay reminisced the discussions he had with Gangopadhyay on their literary trips abroad. \"We hate to think he is no more. Our eternal friend (chiro shokha) lives on...forever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191113", "title": "The sweets Gujaratis love during Diwali", "text": "Food is an integral part of Diwali celebrations. We find out more about mithais and farsans found in every Gujarati household.It is not just the firecrackers, lights and beautiful gifts that make up this festival. Food makes up for an equally big portion of the festival in this part of the country, where Diwali is a week-long affair also including the Gujarati New Year or Bestu Varsh and a host of other celebrations. People prepare a number of mithais as well as farsans well in advance for friends and family.For the sweeth toothWhile sweets take up the majority part of the pre-Diwali cooking fiesta, sweet shops are also crowded with people looking at savouring food from all across Gujarat. Whether it is Ahmedabad's very own mohanthal and magas, different varieties of halva, Khambat's suterfeni, Surat's ghari, gughra, kajukatri, sohan papdi or the kansaar made at home during Dhanteras and Bestu Varsh; these sweets add immense joy to the festive fervor.Farsan fantasiesThe spicy and savoury options available are no less. People gorge on to fried items made at home including mathias, chorafari, chevdo, suvadi, shakkarpara and puri, to name a few. Popular namkeens are also brought in from various cities of the state which include Jamnagar's Kachori, Bhavnagari Gathia and Vapi's Nankhatai.Food for the soulThe gourmet combination of sweet and savoury is what gratifies the ultimate culinary delight. This is one time when people tend to forget the number of calories that pile up and just relish from the delectable palate. What can be better than the delight of sharing and celebrating together the festival of lights, or we can also say the festival of scrumptious food!ano.patel@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17187885", "title": "Red ants spice up tribal diet", "text": "KEONJHAR: The twin menace of Maoists and mining notwithstanding, forest dwellers of Keonjhar continue to indulge in little pleasures of life, their habit of relishing red ants being a tasty case in point. Locally known as 'kai' or 'kurukuti', red ants form part of the tribal diet by the handful, especially during the rainy and winter season.\"Eating red ant and its eggs is an old age practice in our community. When mixed with certain spices, red ants exude an exceptional taste,\" says Gobinda Munda from Banspal.It is, however, an arduous task to collect the ants, mostly found living in the leaves and nodes of branches of big trees in the forests. They usually make themselves home in Sal and Kusuma trees, among others in the forests. The ants lay eggs at this time of the year, which is in high demand among the tribals.\"It is difficult to collect the red ant and its eggs from hives in trees. The male ants protect the hives and the female lay eggs. If anyone tries to disturb them or break their hive, they attack together. The ant bite is very painful. We almost always get bitten while collecting the ants and their eggs after breaking the hives from the trees,\" narrates Gobinda.After collecting the hives from the tree, the tribals put them near a mild fire to drive out or kill male ants and separate the female ants and their eggs. The eggs are eaten raw mixed with certain spices.The ants are believed to have medicinal properties and their bite is said to cure several diseases. They are believed to be a cure for acidity, joint pain, skin diseases, apart from keeping the body cool and enhancing eyesight.\"The medicinal properties of red ants are part of ancient folklore. However, one must exercise caution while collecting and eating them,\" says Harekrushna Mohanta, an Ayurveda practitionerin Belapasi village.Tribals are doing brisk business of selling the delicacy at weekly haats across the district during this season. \"These days, red ants are in high demand both in the rural and urban markets,\" says Gobinda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17192172", "title": "CPM rubbishes Advani's call to end \"political untouchability\"", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Rubbishing BJP veteran L K Advani's call to end \"political untouchability\", CPM's Kerala unit secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said his party would not dilute its stiff opposition to them as they posed a grim danger to the country's secular polity.\"Our position is unambiguous. We have always taken a firm stand against the BJP and we would continue that without making any compromise,\" Vijayan, also a party politburo member, told a press meet here on Monday.The CPM leader was reacting to Advani's speech here on Sunday in which he said unlike the Communists, his party did not believe in \"political untouchability.\"The BJP veteran's statement was seen by political circles in Kerala as a move to cosy up with the Left, especially in Kerala.Interestingly, RSS's official organ in Malayalam recently published an article calling to search for areas of co-operation between the saffron parivar and the CPM, which the latter rejected immediately.In an outright rejection of Advani's view, Vijayan said \"we have not only worked ceaselessly to defend secularism but also stiffly fought the communal forces.\"He charged Advani for creating communal tension in the country during his rathyatra.Later, as the country's home minister Advani declined to remove Narendra Modi as chief minister in the wake of the Gujarat riots despite the then Prime Minister A B Vajapayee wanting him to go, Vijayan said.Despite his eagerness to end political untouchability, Advani did not forget to make his usual dose of criticism against the Communist movement, arguing its future was bleak, Vijayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17188527", "title": "Chances of early snowfall upsets Lahaul residents", "text": "MANALI: After official closure of Rohtang pass, residents of Lahaul and those working there are a worried lot as Western Disturbances, which bring snowfall in the Himalayas, are likely to hit western Himalayas on November 13 even as people are yet to complete their preparations to survive the harsh winter season ahead.Hundreds of tribals from Lahaul are still outside the district to buy provisions for the winter season. Many employees who work in Lahaul too are on Dussehra holidays and are yet to return. Stocks of firewood and medicines are still to be supplied from other districts. Kumari Anita, a teacher in a government school in Lahaul, who is in Kullu for Diwali celebration, said she would leave for Lahaul on November 14, the day after Diwali. \"I'm praying that the highway remains open for at least a week. I've bought enough warm clothes but have to stock ration and firewood. I'm so scared.\"Another resident from Keylong, Joshi Lal, said, \"We are habitual of staying cut off from the rest of the country. But early closure of Rohtang pass would means longer winter season. Nobody has time for gossips these days. All are busy in preparations as there are chances of hard winter this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17188238", "title": "Kollam to get \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsmoke-free\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tag soon", "text": "KOLLAM: Kollam city will soon be declared a 'Smoke-free' zone. The district administration has formed a district-level squad to implement the 'Tobacco free Kollam' scheme.The squad comprises representatives from various departments and non-governmental organization. \"The main aim will be to monitor and control the spread of tobacco related goods in the city,\" said district collector P G Thomas.Representatives from health, police, excise, panchayat and education departments will be included in the squad which will take measures to curb smoking in public places. The ban on tobacco goods within the range of 400 m of school premises will strictly be enforced. Those raising billboards promoting tobacco goods will be fined. The squads will also conduct awareness campaigns in schools and colleges with the help of NGOs.During the initial phase of the scheme, the squad will function on a daily basis and later during the weeks, said the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191753", "title": "Vivek walks down memory lane while shooting in Vadodara", "text": "Vivek Oberoi , who recently shot for the film Grand Masti (sequel to Masti) at the Laxmi Vilas Palace in Vadodara, gets nostalgic while talking about the film.Says Vivek, \"I had won the gold medal in performing arts while representing Mumbai University at the West zone youth fest held at Vadodara about 15 years back and this city always brings back good memories. Besides, shooting with Aftab and Riteish again was a nostalgic ride! While we did Masti about eight years back, all three of us were single. Now, while shooting the sequel, I and Riteish are happily married, while Aftab is in a steady relationship. We always used to tease him on the sets, saying that he must get married before Grand Masti releases!\"With a laugh, he adds, \"It was sheer madness out there while shooting for the movie. Our screen wives, screen girlfriends and real-life wives (plus Aftab's fiancee) were all present during the shoot. So, that made it three mad boys and nine beautiful girls on the sets! I want to thank the royal family in Vadodara for being such gracious hosts. During our stay, we also went to INOX to watch a couple of films- Aftab's 1920-Evil Returns and also Skyfall .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "krishnagiri", "code": "17186716", "title": "Tamil Nadu bans poultry feed from Karnataka, farmers irked", "text": "KRISHNAGIRI: The state government on Saturday evening imposed a ban on trucks carrying poultry feed from Karnataka following the recent outbreak of bird flu on turkeys in the neighbouring state.Accordingly, 52 trucks carrying feed from Karnataka were sent back on Sunday from the specially formed check-post in Jujuvadi area near Hosur on the border.\"The secretary for animal husbandry had announced the ban on Saturday and we had implemented it immediately,\" Krishnagiri district collector Pooja Kulkarni said.Speaking to TOI, Pooja said, \"We had started spraying disinfection medicines on all the vehicles that were coming from Karnataka to Tamil Nadu when the bird flu outbreak issue flared up two weeks ago. Now, we had instructed all our officials in the check posts on Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border near Hosur to send back the poultry feed-laden trucks from Karnataka,\" Pooja said.The Krishnagiri district administration had formed a special check-post in Jujuvadi area near Hosur along with other department check-posts on the border.\"All the trucks coming from Karnataka will be inspected and those trucks laden with poultry feed such as corn, ground-nut and soya cakes will be send back. These are the main ingredient and foods for chickens in Tamil Nadu,\" the collector said.\"The ban will be maintained until the Karnataka government announces that their state is free from bird flu outbreak,\" the collector added. According to the check post sources in Jujuvadi, nearly 52 poultry products laden trucks were sent back to Karnataka on Sunday.Meanwhile, poultry farmers in Namakkal expressed their displeasure over the government's decision. \"Not all the poultry feed come from Karnataka. Many of them come from Maharashtra via Karnataka as well,\" said P Nallathambi, president of the Tamil Nadu Poultry Farmers Association (TNPFA).\"Nearly 3.5 crore of chickens depend on these poultry feed and all the birds will die if the products didn't reach on time. We have only minimum quantity of stocks in our farms and the Tamil Nadu government can allow Maharashtra trucks that are passing through Karnataka to Tamil Nadu,\" Nallathambi said.\"The government should have consulted us before imposing the ban,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "anakapalle", "code": "17186454", "title": "8 kids hurt in bid to make crackers", "text": "Anakapalle: Eight schoolchildren were injured while trying to make firecrackers in Gollaveedhi in Anakapalle on Sunday. The mishap happened when sparks from their crackers fell on an explosive material nearby, leading to an explosion. The condition of one of them, who received 30% burns, is serious. The other children were lucky to escape with minor injuries.According to police, the students had two kilos of explosives such as potash and sulphur to prepare two varieties of firecrackers. The students were trying to test their cracker when a few sparks from it fell on the explosive material that was kept nearby which triggered the blast. Fire and police personnel later admitted them to the Anakapalle area hospital. The children, aged between 12 and 16, are students of Bhashyam and Prasanthi private schools in Anakapalle. \"As Sunday was a holiday, they had gathered at an isolated place in the afternoon to make the crackers. A mosquito coil was also found burning at the incident spot,\" SI SA Munaf said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187284", "title": "Big firms come to FMS with summer jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Summer placements are an indicator of final placements at management institutes. The summer placements at Faculty of Management Studies (FMS) have been impressive this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the highest package for the two-month internship standing at Rs 5 lakh.While 36 new companies visited the campus, in all 90 companies made offers to the batch of 210 students in the recently concluded summer placements.Despite the uncertain economic environment, 170 companies (across sector) confirmed their participation and out of which 95 participated. Moreover, the summer placements this year saw 36 new companies participating, which is 40% of the total number of companies making final offers.Sector-wise, sales and marketing topped the list with 39% of offers, followed by finance and consulting, general management and strategy at 29% and 23% respectively.Close to one-fourth of the batch opted for consulting/ general management/ strategy roles across various trusted brands in the industry. TATA Administrative Services ( TAS) continued its relationship with FMS by making 6 offers.Regardless of the unfavourable conditions in the banking and financial sector, FMS managed to place around one third of the batch in finance across various roles. Morgan Stanley hired from FMS for the first time for its Front End Investment Banking profile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186896", "title": "Soon, Pune to get regular supply of quality vegetables", "text": "PUNE: The 'vegetable supply scheme' launched recently by the Union agriculture ministry will not only help citizens get quality vegetables but also an assured supply from neighbouring areas.With a population of more than 40 lakh, there is a huge demand for fresh vegetables in the city but the supply system does not always meet the demand. Moreover, it is vulnerable to daily price fluctuations in the market.Under the scheme, which will be launched here soon, Pune will get Rs 30 crore from the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana. The first installment of Rs 17 crore is already sanctioned, which will be utilised to help farmers who have the potential to supply vegetables to various areas in the city.This scheme has already been launched in Mumbai.The select group of farmers will be trained in good agricultural practices, marketing, quality maintenance and in reducing handling losses.Currently, when vegetables are harvested, farmers supply it to a local trader where the price is decided verbally, but paid in installments. The farmers are unaware of how much profit a trader is making from his produce.The vegetable supply scheme, however, offers production techniques to farmers where he can produce vegetables in large quantity and distribute it to customers directly. Citizens will get quality vegetables and, due to increased supply, the prices will not shoot up.To save time, farmers' groups can directly sell their produce in residential complexes in different parts of the city at a specific time.The state horticulture department is playing a key role in imparting techniques of efficiency and speedy handling of vegetables. It will also help in supplying quality seeds, training in effective use of water and harvesting technology.Under the scheme, farmers from Satara and Ahmednagar, who have good irrigation facilities, have been selected.Till date, vegetable production has not been a major source of income for farmers as they generally engage in cash crops or foodgrains. With this scheme, their share of income from vegetables is expected to increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187136", "title": "ATM fraud: Woman duped of 1 lakh", "text": "BHOPAL: In another incident of fraud at ATM counters in the state capital, a woman was duped of about Rs 1 lakh by a miscreant who offered her help to withdraw cash. The woman had gone to the ATM to withdraw money for Diwali shopping on November 8 and the incident was noticed on November 10.The police said complainant, Archana Sharma, 35, a resident of Jehangirabad locality along with her daughter had gone to an ATM counter in New Market to withdraw money on November 8.However, as soon as the lady inserted the card in the ATM machine a youth standing there offered her help in the withdrawal. Police said the unidentified person returned the ATM card to the lady after sometime saying that the machine is not working. She left the ATM.But the forgery was detected only when the lady again went to an ATM counter on Saturday but was not able to access her account. She contacted the bank on which she was told that the ATM card in her possession is fake.She then checked her balance and discovered that a sum of around Rs 1 lakh has been withdrawan from her account in the past two days. Subsequently, she approached the TT Nagar police. Case under sections of forgery has been registered.It was suspected that accused who took her card on the pretext of helping her to withdraw the money exchanged it with a similar looking fake card and later withdrew the sum. As the investigations progressed, the police also went through the CCTV footages of the ATM counter to get a picture of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188210", "title": "Practise the rule book religiously", "text": "The garbage issue in Bangalore is slowly becoming so overwhelming that one wonders if there can ever be a solution. Where do we start? Our hope lies in each one doing her bit, like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle that fit together. Where should we start? A lot of people have already done so. BBMP has given guidelines on how to treat the different streams of waste. Let's begin by practising these rules religiously . Never mind that back-end solutions like collection and transportation are still to fall in place. They will, in due course, but that's no excuse for us not to do our bit.The issue is highly complex, especially as we're talking about the waste generated daily by a population of about 8 million. We need to realize that waste has to be professionally managed, whether it's at the level of the apartment complex, the neighbourhood, zone or city. Every generator has to be held responsible for the amount of waste generated, where it's sent, and what's done with it. Every contractor and treatment facility must be part of a strict monitoring process and adhere to standard operating procedures.Some solutions are not so difficult to implement. If we, for example, ensure that all dry leaves, twigs and branches are strictly not permitted to leave the neighbourhood, we'll surely save at least 10% to 15% of organic waste from going to the landfill. They can easily be composted in our numerous parks. Dry waste collection centres, of which there are a few in the city, can receive all dry materials like plastic, paper, metal and glass. If they receive only source-segregated material, then cleanliness and hygiene can be ensured.Any institution practising zerowaste management could be given a rebate in taxes or provided free collection facility for rejects, which would be only for the minimum 10% of total waste generated.A number of categories of waste like thermocol and ceramic still don't have disposal/ treatment solutions and industry must find solutions.Let's also think of people who deal with our waste, like pourakarmikas, ragpickers and people who work at landfills. They deserve our consideration . Let's do our bit by following the rules of segregation.(The writer is trustee of Full Circle, a non-profit organization working on sustainable waste management)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17186052", "title": "Bollywood charm fails to lift cracker market", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Amitabh Bachchan atom bomb, Shahrukh Khan double sound and Sonakshi Sinha pataka are keenly inviting the Diwali revellers to firecrackers shops but the Bollywood charm has apparently failed in brining the buyers to the shops in the Steel City.Although two days are to go for Diwali, if one has to believe the firecracker traders, this Diwali is not all that \"bright and fiery\" for the lower middle class people, let alone the financially weaker sections of the society.\"If you are visiting the crackers shop with a budget of Rs 500, you might have to end up buying firecracker rolls and sprinklers because the items like rockets and atom bombs are so expansive that a packet of each could consume over 60% the total budget amount of the buyer,\" said Satveer Singh Gambhir, a Sakchi- based cracker trader.According to sources in the cracker industry, the firecracker items across board have witnessed nearly 30 to 40% hike in the last one year.\"The reasons (for steep price hike) could be attributed to many factors including fuel price hike and commodity price rise but the fact of the matter is that crackers have become much expensive this year,\" said Amrit Agarwal, a Jugsalai-based cracker trader.Eco-friendly crackers which promise less noise and pollution but spread light are the most costly crackers available in the market. A packet of eco-friendly sky shot is priced between Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 depending on the company that manufactured it. \"We have registered a considerable increase (of over 20%) in the sale of eco-friendly crackers over a period of last three years,\" said Gambhir alluding to the growing trend of the people keen for environment-friendly crackers.The increasing costs of the chemicals that go into the manufacturing of the crackers and labour cost have affected the jump in the crackers cost. \"The manufactures are gradually shifting towards producing quality stuff that are eco-friendly in nature but these quality stuff are available to the end buyers at relatively higher cost,\" said a seasoned cracker dealer.A section of the buyers are, however, not willing to buy the theory behind the steep price hike of the crackers. \"I suspect the smalltime traders tend to make much profit in the temporary (festival) market and it is they who tamper with the prices,\" said 37-year-old Sonari resident Anil Sarkar. Similar was the opinion of the young insurance executive, Manoj Singh, when TOI sought his opinion on the crackers price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17188451", "title": "PGIMER Chandigarh exam fraud: No lessons learnt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This was not the first time that impersonation has hit PGIMER entrance exams. In 2010, two doctors - Amit Musale and Sujay Sonawane \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who were pursuing post-graduation in the hospital had confessed to having used impersonators to clear the institute's MD/MS exams.Apparently there has been no lesson learnt from that case. On Saturday, seven girls managed to enter the examination halls with smart phones and click pictures of question papers to leak them. As a guard against impersonation, the institute had introduced biometric cards for candidates. Apparently, the measure failed to work this time around. The PGI officials claimed that they also videograph the entire examination process.\"We have biometrics so that no one can impersonate. The card has to be produced three times to authenticate the identity. At the time when a candidate sits for the entrance, counselling and the final interview, the biometric card is asked for. No one can go scot-free,\" said Kusum Joshi, sub-dean, PGI.In the 2010 case, the impersonators were paid Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1.2 crore for appearing in the exams. The anti-corruption branch of CBI had arrested two junior resident doctors, both from Maharashtra, of PGI who cleared the entrance exams with the help of impersonators. Sonawane wanted paediatrics and Musale had opted for pharmacology for their post-graduation degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17192724", "title": "RSS ideologue Vaidya's remarks on Narendra Modi unfounded: Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nitin Gadkari today termed as \"unfounded\" remarks of RSS ideologue M G Vaidya that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi was behind the campaign to make him quit as BJP president and said all party leaders are working unitedly for the organisation.In a statement issued here, Gadkari also rejected Vaidya's attempt to link recent comments by party MP Ram Jethmalani with Modi.\"The BJP completely rejects such insinuation, as it is totally unfounded. All central leaders of the party and its chief ministers have been working cohesively and unitedly for the cause of the party,\" he said.In his blog, Vaidya lamented the public statement of Jethmalani in which he had demanded the resignation of Gadkari and had sought projection of Modi as prime ministerial candidate.Gadkari said BJP is fighting Gujarat assembly elections with \"complete unity of purpose\" and mutual confidence.\"BJP is firmly and unitedly behind Narendra Modi and we are confident that the party will win decisively in the ensuing assembly elections,\" he said.Vaidya has said the needle of suspicion in the anti-Gadkari campaign in BJP points towards Modi who has never denied his ambition to become Prime Minister.The RSS was quick to distance itself from Vaidya's remarks with Sangh leader Ram Madhav noting that it may be the ideologue's personal view and \"it is not the opinion of the Sangh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187358", "title": "Traditions come alive at annual day celebrations", "text": "Cultural showThe 37th annual function, \" Satluj Pride 2012\" was celebrated enthusiastically at Satluj Public School, Sector 4, Panchkula. The cultural programme included a variety of events including Satluj Choir and Flying Start; Ode to Teachers by Class V students; Tribute to our Motherland India by Class VI students; Hues of Life - the four stages by Class VII students; Ramayana \"The Triumph of Good over Evil\" by Class VIII, with students specially dressed as props; \"Merchant of Venice\" by William Shakespeare by Class IX students and \"Celebrations\" (fashion show) by Class XI students. Principal Krit Serai said, \"Satluj Pride showcases the cultural side of the school and 100% participation of students is ensured according to the latest CBSE Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation.\" Colourful drills mark sports meet Sports meet, \"VIBGYOR\" was organized by pre-primary wing of DPS, Chandigarh. Around 150 tiny tots from nursery participated with great zeal and enthusiasm and put up a spectacular show. Principal Reema Dewan declared the sports meet open by releasing balloons. The meet showcased a spell-binding display of rhythmic and colourful drills followed by graceful aerobics.Kids put their best foot forwardThe students of classes I and II of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Panchkula, showcased their enormous talent in the dance competition held at the school auditorium .They danced on various dance numbers ranging from patriotic to disco. The performance was judged on the basis of expressions, costumes, presentation and rhythm. From Class I, Manya bagged the first prize, followed by Naina and Karmanya who won second and third, respectively. Meanwhile, from Class II, Aarti bagged the first position, while Akanksha won the second prize.Kritika and Mohak bagged the third position jointly. Principal Dr Shashi Banerjee felicitated the winners.450 participate in annual function Brimming with effusive energy and enthusiasm, students of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Chandigarh, showcased their inherent talent and potential through a captivating annual function, \"Manjari 2012\". The event saw participation of over 450 students from classes VI, VII and VIII and as well as the students from the special cell of the school. The event commenced on a lively note with over 120 students of Class VI staging play, \"Akbar and Birbal\". Shishu Niketan Football Trophy The finals for Shishu Niketan Football Trophy (U-14) took place at Shishu Niketan, Sector 66, Mohali. More than 10 teams of Chandigarh and Mohali, took part in the tournament. In a nail biting contest, no team was able to score any goal during the match, but in the penalty shoot-out, Ryan International, Sector 49, defeated Shishu Niketan, Sector 42, by 5-4. Students unfold world of creativitySaupin's School, Panchkula, organized their annual exhibition, \"The Expression\" based on past, present and future. The students of the school unfolded a world of creativity, imagination, knowledge and beauty by displaying their artwork at the exhibition. Principal Jayeta congratulated the students and teachers for being a driving force behind the success.Science exhibitionA science exhibition was organized at DPS, Pinjore, wherein students of classes III to X displayed their working models on hydraulic bridge, pollination, rain water harvesting, wind mills, fire alarm, human heart. The students also explained their working models to the visitors.Founder's Day celebrationsTo commemorate the founder of the school Dr Paulose Mar Gregorios, an inter school debate competition was organized at St Mary's School, Sector 46, Chandigarh. The topic for the debate was \"FDI in retail sector \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a boon for Indian economy\". The jury of the competition comprised Air Force School former principal Kiran Dutta and teacher trainer from state Institute of education Sector 32, Richu Sharma. The competition was held among the nine school teams, where Manav Mangal High School, Sector 21, emerged as winner. They were honoured with Dr Paulose Mar Gregorios Memorial Rolling Trophy.Cultural bonanza", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17188641", "title": "Diwali 2012 delights: Flower markets remain choc-a-block", "text": "VARANASI: A variety of flowers are decked up in the flower markets of the city. Two prominent flower mandis at Maldahiya and Bansphatak remained chock-a-block on Dhanteras. Road-side sale of flowers at Godowlia, Lahurabir, Chowk, Sigra and other crowded areas was also visible on Sunday.With shortage of rose and lily in the markets, people are purchasing genda (marigold). \"Around five varieties of marigold have reached the market, of which orange and kalmi genda are preferred,\" said Rajendra, a farmer from Ramgaon. The cost of marigold shot up on the occasion of Dhanteras and is likely to remain the same on Diwali as well. The marigold garlands (small) which were selling for Rs 10 to Rs 30 so far, are available at Rs 50 to Rs 110. The starting price of large garlands has shot up to Rs 400 from Rs 100. Garlands used for decoration and puja purposes are also selling at Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,200, incharge of Kisan Phool Mandi Pramod Dubey said.\"Due to rising trend of rangoli decoration in home, offices, shops, showrooms and even educational institutions, the demand for rose petals is on for past one month. Ashok leaves, mango leaves and lily are also there in the floral market.Deepu, arranging his stock at Bansphatak flower market, said that special garlands of madaar, murli, blue lily also sell at around 20 per cent higher rates for decoration and offerings in temples. During Diwali and Dhanteras, demand in the local flower mandi increases by 70 per cent. Around 3,000 to 5,000 farmers sell their produce daily on the festive occasion.Farmers from Jairam Nagar, Kunchi, Gangapur, Gaura, Chhatapur, Saraiya, Lohta, Ramgaon and other adjoining villages sell their products in the city. Flowers from the local flower mandis are transported to Chandigarh, Chattisgarh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and some districts of western Uttar Pradesh. Varanasi is the major supplier of flowers in other districts of eastern UP. Lotus is offered to Goddess Lakshmi during Diwali rituals. Flower mandis are flooded with quintals of 'tabbera', a variety of pink lotus.\"Bunches of lotus and ashok leaves are usually decorated on the entrance, terrace fencing and gates of homes and shops, with a belief that the flower would please Goddess Lakshmi,\" Anand, a farmer preparing bunches and bouquets at Englishialine, said.Realising the pulse of the town regarding flower needs on the day of Diwali and following season of wedding, some flower traders are purchasing flowers from the farmers and keeping it in cold storage to sell the stock at higher prices later on. Interestingly, these temporary traders are operating near the Maldahiya and Bansphatak flower mandis.\"Flower rates increase by 50 per cent on Diwali and during wedding season,\" Birendra , a farmer from Rajatalab said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17186969", "title": "Rs 5,000 reward for info on escapee murder accused", "text": "INDORE: Police are likely to announce award of Rs 15,000 on the accused killer, who escaped from MY Hospital on Saturday morning.SP, East, OP Tripathi, said an award of Rs 5,000 was announced for any person who would provide information about accused Bhanupratap Singh Rathore aka Baba Bhaskaranand Ji Maharaj. He managed to the give the police the slip on Saturday.As SPs are authorised to announce Rs 5,000 only as award, he has written to the IGP Anuradha Shankar to increase the amount to Rs 15,000. The accused, Bhanupratap Singh Rathore, was lodged in the central jail from January, escaped from TB ward of MY Hospital. He was undergoing treatment since November 6.The accused, Bhanupratap, 32, was under-trial for the alleged abduction, murder and throwing body of one Patwari Luvdas Bairagi of Annpurna Nagar. The incident took place in October last year. Police also suspended all three cops, including Shivnarayan, Yateendra Baurasi and Deepak Thapa, who were present on the duty when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17186216", "title": "Climate change poses grave threat to Indian cities", "text": "MUMBAI: Climate change and reckless development are leaving Mumbai increasingly vulnerable to the elements. A news report on an ongoing climate study places India's financial capital sixth in a list of 20 port cities worldwide at risk from severe storm-surge flooding, damage from high storm winds and rising seas. By 2070, according to the study, an estimated 11.4 million people and assets worth $1.3 trillion would be at peril in Mumbai due to climatic extremes.The in-progress study, by Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), reveals that many of the susceptible port cities are in Asia. In the news report's list-ranked by assets at risk-eight among the top 10 fall in the world's most populous continent.Kolkata comes in the fourth spot while Guangzhou takes in second. In the City of Joy, 14 million citizens and assets worth $2 trillion will be at peril by 2070, the study predicts.Experts studying climate change assert that rampant concretization in global cities is not only leading to fluctuations in temperatures worldwide but also causing shifts in microclimates. These changes together, they say, are likely to build up into disastrous scenarios by 2070, effecting excessive rainfall. In cities like Mumbai, where poor urban planning has left little space for water to get absorbed into the ground, the impact may be severe.\"A big portion of Mumbai is concretized and this is increasing. Solar radiation is absorbed by concrete, triggering urban heat island effect, where temperature within the city rises. The circulation of the warm air from the city with cooler air currents from less urbanized areas can cause extreme weather conditions,\" says Subimal Ghosh, an associate professor in the civil engineering department of IIT-Bombay.Ghosh had contributed to an OECD study in 2010 on flood risks, climate change and adaptation in Mumbai. That report predicts an increase in the intensity of the Asian summer monsoon. It also foretells a 3.6 degrees Celsius increase in the mean temperature in Mumbai by 2070 or 2080.\"This is the worst-case scenario. Even if not so high, the mean temperature in Mumbai would rise significantly. Another preliminary research by IIT-Bombay too shows that heat waves would be warmer by about 2 degrees Celsius,\" Ghosh says.According to the 2010 study, human heedlessness is as much as much a cause of Mumbai's susceptibility to flooding as its geographical location. The city's concretization has reduced the possibility of rainwater getting absorbed into earth and its high population density has put additional strain on the creakingly old drainage system.\"Large areas of reclaimed land are situated just above sea level and below high-tide level. This inhibits natural runoff of surface water and impacts the complex network of drains, rivers, creeks and ponds that channel water into the sea. Meaning, during high tide, seawater can enter the system, preventing drainage and, in extreme cases, leading to salt water deluge. The city's drainage system is inadequate to cope with heavy rainfall and is impeded by urban encroachment,\" the 2010 study explains.Rakesh Kumar, chief scientist and head of National Environmental Engineering Research Institute, warns that a combination of change in temperature and humidity will increase the spread of diseases. \"With very tall buildings around, sunlight will be blocked, causing humidity levels to rise, making the city a breeding ground for diseases,\" says Kumar.The solution, most experts concur, lies in revamping the drainage system, among other steps. \"We need to make sure that urbanization is allowed after careful planning and keeping in mind spatial distribution. Development needs to happen away from the city. Also, stronger weather forecast systems are needed and so are evacuation facilities for dwellers of low-lying areas,\" says Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187482", "title": "H1N1 bigger killer in state than dengue &amp; malaria", "text": "MUMBAI: The H1N1 influenza virus killed more people in the state than malaria and dengue put together this year. In the city, the virus showed a 60-fold jump in terms of the number of people it affected as compared to last year, but only five cases resulted in deaths. Experts caution that the virus is capable of throwing up surprises as the winter sets in.Initially termed swine flu , the virus that caused the 2009 pandemic made a surprising comeback, affecting 1,234 people officially. It also claimed 122 lives in the last 10 months- double the number of lives claimed by malaria this year. State records show that malaria and dengue have killed 60 and 59 people respectively so far.In Mumbai, the H1N1 virus affected 358 people and claimed five lives as opposed to six cases and zero casualties last year. For the city, malaria remained the top killer, claiming 30 lives and affecting over 14,000 people though it is 58% less as compared to previous year. H1N1 comes second while dengue remains a close third with three deaths.State experts pointed out that mortality in H1N1 cases was also higher when compared with other seasonal ailments. For instance, around 9.15% of patients who contracted the viral infection succumbed to it whereas only 1% of malaria patients died.Director of National Institute of Virology Dr AC Mishra said that H1N1 had majorly circulated in the monsoon this year. \"Where there are more cases, it is natural to have more serious cases as well as mortality,\" he said, adding, \"The environmental conditions were definitely conducive for the virus to thrive this year. But no one can predict how it will behave in winter. We have to be on our toes and take all precautions.\"After remaining active for most part of July and August when over 200 cases were reported, H1N1 managed to affect 37 people in September and about five in October. Physician Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults at Breach Candy and Jaslok hospitals, said that vector-borne ailments have ruled the roost this year. \"Dengue has caused much more morbidity than all other ailments. H1N1 has not been that scary for the city,\" he said.Dengue continues to sting MumbaiAbout 27 positive cases of dengue and a case of suspected death have been reported in the city in the last 10 days. In the last two months alone, 479 cases of dengue were reported out of the 758 detected in the whole year.Physician Dr Hemant Thacker, who admitted four dengue patients on Sunday, said that it would be incorrect to say that dengue was on its way out. \"Cases may have come down but they are very much there. It is more worrisome than malaria,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187976", "title": "Utkal University aims at making students more employable", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University is taking significant steps to make its students more employable. From the next academic session, exposure visits, internships, sessions on soft skills and field studies will be integral parts of post graduation courses.\"Keeping in mind the University Grants Commission (UGC) recommendations, we are according top priority to employability of students. Along with a flexible choice-based credit system (CBCS), imparting job skills will be given precedence over classroom lectures from 2013-14,\" said university registrar Debendra Nath Jena. CBCS is a flexible system which gives an opportunity to students to learn from various departments while taking admission to a particular course.The varsity has already revamped its syllabus for the new system. \"The new syllabi to be implemented from next academic year will be more job-oriented across all disciplines. These were evolved to suit the need of prospective employers' needs. The idea is that every one should get a job at the end of their two-year stay at the university,\" said Utkal PG council chairman P K Mishra.Utkal already has a descent campus placement record, particularly in its various professional courses. Campus recruitment has already started with a positive note this year with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) hiring dozen students from various IT courses such as MCA, M Tech (IT), and MSc (computer science). Similarly, NTPC, Coal India and ARSS have hired around 10 students from personnel management and industrial relations (PM&IR;) and MBA courses. \"We hope for a good placement season ahead for the professional courses,\" the PG council chairman said.The varsity is also trying to encourage off-campus placements for students of traditional disciplines. \"Career counselling, personality development programmes and imparting soft skills like computer knowledge and communication skills will be undertaken round the year. We are focusing on making these more consistent in the university,\" Jena said.The registrar said the placement cell would be strengthened at the varsity. Steps are being taken for grooming of students for various jobs and linking the varsity with industries, he added.Jena also said the varsity was likely to introduce a coaching centre for national eligibility test (NET) aspirants. The state has a huge number of vacancies in posts of college lecturers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17188088", "title": "Meeting for new building by-laws for Roza on Nov 21", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first stakeholders' meeting for Sarkhej Roza monument for formulating new building by-laws for the Roza neighborhood will take place on November 21.This is a significant event, where locals and representatives of consulting firms and NGOs brainstorming the new laws will come together. The exercise is being undertaken with the view of the National Monument Authority (NMA)'s mandate for formulating monument-based heritage laws. Sarkhej Roza is being chosen among the handful of monuments in the country for this purposeThe Ahmedabad Community Foundation (ACF), members of Indian National Trust For Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH)-Gujarat and local people from Roza neighborhood and Makarba village will be part of the exercise.Archeological Survey of India had assigned INTACH to study the monument and the problems surrounding it due to the spate of developments around it. One of the many challenges that the monument faces today is the lack of water inlets into the lake through sources other than direct rainfall. As a result of this, the water tank of the monument - Ahmedsari - has been dry since December 2008. INTACH has completed its research and will share its findings with the stakeholders in the upcoming November meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187763", "title": "After several missed deadlines, air quality monitor likely to be functional", "text": "GURGAON: Air pollution remains to be a cause of concern in Gurgaon with the installation of the much-talked about monitoring system failing to meet its deadline several times in the past. However, if officials are to be believed, the ambient air quality monitoring system will most likely be functional in the city before Diwali. This will give boost to the Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB) in formulating plans to deal with pollution issues. The real time results of the monitoring system will be made available on the department's official website as well.Talking to TOI, HSPCB chairman P K Gupta said, \"The system was to be made functional on Saturday itself. We will get confirmation about it on Monday.\"The installation of the monitoring system had already missed several deadlines in the past. The first deadline was January 2011; however, till previous Friday (November 9) it was not functional. Sources said the private company, which will run the system on HSPCB's behalf, has put its foot down on the issue of non-payment a major part of the total cost of the system. Gupta refused to comment on this matter. The system was installed a few months back but could not be made functional. Recently, the monitoring system, installed at Vikas Sadan premises, had got damaged in a storm.The main components of the system have been imported from France, while it is being installed by an Indian Company. As per contract, the company will do operation and maintenance of the system for free in the first year, while HSPCB will pay for the next year to the company for the same, informed Rajesh Kumar Garhia, lab incharge at Gurgaon office. Garhia is overseeing the installation work in Gurgaon.Meanwhile, HSPCB regional officer Balraj Ahlawat, said, \"The department will monitor the air quality on Diwali to find out the rise in pollution level as compared to last year. .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17190242", "title": "Hu Jintao to step down as military chief, making Xi Jinping the most powerful", "text": "BEIJING: China's new leader in waiting, Xi Jinping will have a surprise head-start to emerge as the most influential leader, as outgoing President Hu Jintao has reportedly decided to step down from all posts including the all-powerful post of the military chief.Xi, 59, currently the VP is expected to be formally nominated as the general secretary of the ruling Communist Party at the end of the ongoing 18th Communist Party Congress on its last day on November 14. Scorching speculation, Hu has decided to formally relinquish his position as military chief at the end of the party Congress, Hong Kong-based 'South China Morning Post' quoted officials as saying.Hu's decision to opt for complete retirement has surprised many analysts as he was expected to keep the top job of the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, especially in the backdrop of recent reshuffling of military top brass which was packed with officials who worked closely with him.Vice-premier, Li Keqiang, 57 regarded as successor to Premier Wen Jiabao is also Hu's protege.The Central Military Commission overseas all aspects of 2.3 million strong military.Xi is currently its Vice Chairman. Turning 70 next month, Hu technically will be stepping down as party chief and as president after the Congress on November 14.But the formal transfer of power was expected to take place early next year.Hu's complete departure from Party and Military is watched closely in India as he is widely regarded as one of post Mao Zedong Chinese leaders who rebalanced ties with India bringing an element of \"strategic equilibrium\" to otherwise pro-Pakistan Chinese foreign policy.He is credited to have reset Sino-Indian ties, repairing the damage caused by the 1962 border war and improved ties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188486", "title": "Techno-friendly lessons", "text": "In a country like India, where on the one hand we have the largest number of children outside school due to huge drop-out rates and on the other, where we have innovations in education, what role can technology play in school education?\"In such a scenario where sequential learning is being replaced with adaptive learning, annual tests are becoming online and the role of teacher is changing, technology, if used properly, can make a positive impact. When it comes to school education , personalised and blended learning through technology can be a way ahead,\" says Ashish Dhawan, chief executive officer , Central Square Foundation . The education market in India is estimated to be US$135 billion by 2020, of which the elearning market alone will constitute US$7 billion. The Indian e-learning market is growing by the rate of 42% per annum, but will the educational content and teacher training keep up with the hardware revolution? There are many factors that play a crucial role in making technology in education successful. There is a gap between what is taught as standard content and what will be expected of students in the future.\"Education is standardised and every child is expected to learn at the same time. Skills such as creativity, critical thinking, life skills, etc, are not taught in schools. Experiments are being carried out but they fail to make an impact either because it cannot be replicated on a large scale or there are shortcomings in terms of the learning outcome. It is important that educational research must go hand in hand with technological advances. At the same time, we need good educational policies that can encourage quality online learning,\" says Sridhar Rajagopalan, managing director, Educational Initiatives.The seminar on 'Is technology the silver bullet for school education in India?' was conducted by the National University of Education Planning and Administration (NUEPA) and Central Square Foundation and saw the participation of HCL and Idea in Progress.Sugunarajan who worked as an agent of gold-plated ornaments is survived by wife Rajeswari (52), daughters Smitha (29) and Preetha (26).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17192472", "title": "BJP flays Cong for trying to 'weaken' CAG", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming Congress for trying to \"weaken\" CAG by making it a multi-member body, BJP on Monday warned that any such move would only 'boomerang' on the party.\"Whenever the Congress is in trouble or faces criticism, they try to weaken the institutions if they are constitutional bodies,\" senior BJP Leader M Venkaiah Naidu told reporters on Union minister V Narayanasamy's remarks on CAG.In an interview to PTI on Sunday, Narayanasamy had said a former CAG's suggestion for making the official auditor a multi-member body was under consideration.\"Now it is very clear that the Congress is not able to digest the independent and autonomous CAG and is going with the move to make CAG a multi-member body,\" he said.Naidu alleged that the Congress had earlier tried to tarnish the image of CAG in the wake of observations damning the UPA regime over wrongful allocation of coal blocks.\"They did the same thing even in 1980s when CAG looked into Bofors contract and HDW Submarine deals. They quashed the locus standi and auditing methods. They even criticised CAG on 2G spectrum report and declared that there was no loss,\" he said.\"Congress has forgotten that its stock crashed after it resorted to similar CAG bashing in 1989. Now the same thing will be repeated as and when elections are held,\" he said.Naidu said BJP would be meeting on eve of Parliament winter session beginning on November 22 to discuss the issue.Naidu said supersession of judges, appointing their own \"favourites\" to the election commission or the CVC was nothing new to Congress. \"Now this threat of active consideration of making the CAG a multi-member body.\"\"This is a clear attempt to muzzle the present incumbent and thereby weakening the institution. They have the track record of destroying the institutions from time to time,\" he said.Warning the Congress, Naidu said \"if you go for any misadventure like the previous occasion, it is bound to boomerang on you and you will face the consequences\".Noting that CAG was not a \"sarkari\" organisation and it drew its power under the Constitution, he said such was the importance of CAG that its expenditure was met and charged on the Consolidated Fund of India and not on regular budget.Taking on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his assertion that the observations of CAG were disputable and would be challenged before Public Accounts Committee, Naidu asked how the Prime Minister can say this when the matter is before the PAC.\"PAC is a committee set up by Parliament and its proceedings cannot be passed on to others,\" he said.Replying to a question on allegations against Nitin Gadkari , Naidu said the BJP President has gone on record to say he was ready for any inquiry, contrary to what Congress has been doing of brushing aside all allegations. \"This is how BJP is different from other parties\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186948", "title": "'Cantonment board neglecting cleanliness'", "text": "PUNE: Vendors at the Chattrapati Shivaji market have a common complaint - that the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) is not doing enough to maintain cleanliness in the market.The PCB cleans the market twice in day, but the vendors say that the health department should increase the frequency since garbage is generated through out the day.Sharad Borate, president of the Shivaji market stall holders' association, said: \"There are 225 stalls selling vegetable, fish, chicken, mutton and beef, etc. Several times we have complained to the PCB to maintain cleanliness in the market as it is a public place, but they are not taking cognizance of our complaints. The market is a mess due to the accumulated garbage. The citizens also complain about the unhygienic situation in the market.\"Borate alleged that most of the %sanitation workers are either absent or they do not report for work most of the time. \"The health inspector and supervisor are not visiting the market on a regular basis.\"He added, \"Cleanliness in the %market has also been affected by the severe scarcity of water. The PCB is %not managing the affairs of the market properly. The market is supposed to remain open from 6am to 10pm, but it often remains open till midnight. The% security guards are not on duty most of the times. There is a severe cattle nuisance also.\"Vegetable vendor Bharat Wanjale said, \"Twelve sanitation staff are suppose to work in one shift, but usually only three to four employees are found working. The PCB should ensure that all its employees report for duty on time. Garbage should be removed several times instead of twice a day.He added, \"The stall holders are paying a rent of Rs 60 per month. The PCB is planning to hike the rent and also collect a fee of Rs 60,000 per year from them. But it is not taking any steps to improve the sanitation facilities in the market.\"Reacting to the allegations, PCB member Sangita Pawar said, \"The hawkers should dump garbage in bins instead of throwing it in the open. The board is taking steps to control cattle and bird nuisance in the market.\"Another elected member Manzoor Shaikh said that he has demanded that the PCB purchase garbage bins with covers so that garbage does not spill onto road. It will curtail cattle and bird nuisance in the area. Tea stall owner Rashid Khizer said that if the waste is packed in plastic bags and then dumped in the bins the cattle and bird nuisance will disappear.Hotelier Ali Asghar demanded that the PCB increase the number of waste bins in the market and clear them at least thrice a day. The board should also evict illegal hawkers creating nuisance on pavements, particularly during festive seasons, he added.Claiming that hawkers have not complained about any nuisance caused by accumulated or spilled garbage, PCB health superintendent V S Kulkarni said, \"Garbage from the market is cleared twice a day - around 11 am and at 3 pm. As many as 22 employees are working in two shifts in the market. The 'gantha gadi' will be started in the market soon. The hawkers should co-operate with us in maintaining cleanliness. The PCB is also taking steps to tighten the security in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191709", "title": "Tia Bajpai plans to spend Diwali with family", "text": "Tia Bajpai is happy about the recent success of 1920 Evil Returns and after shooting day and night, the actress plans to spend sometime with her family in Lucknow.\"I will be going to Lucknow on Diwali. I love celebrating time with my family and will eat lot of mithai,\" said Tia.The actress emphasizes on family support. \"My family doesn't interfere in my work. They tell me if I can do it then I can select whichever film I want,\" concluded the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186160", "title": "Will poor road works continue in Nagpur?", "text": "NAGPUR: Sub-standard quality of road asphalting works has hit Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) hard in the last couple of years, causing financial loss for NMC, and inconvenience and mishaps for citizens. Taking serious cognisance, contractors had been asked to avoid bidding for work orders below the estimated cost, since this was believed to be the major reason for poor quality of work. However, the trend is continuing this year too. NMC has been receiving bids that are 20 to 40% below estimates, raising questions on the quality of work that will be done by contractors.NMC started to issue tenders for road repairs for this year in the last few days. According to estimates, NMC will spend over Rs 60 crore on road works. The tender process for a few roads has been completed.NMC officials said the lowest bids are much below the estimated cost in many of the works. \"Estimated cost is finalized according to the common schedule of rates (CSR) notified by the public works department. The CSR rates are at par with actual cost of the materials. Bids up to 10% below the cost are understandable. But bids 20-40% lower than estimate are worrying for NMC,\" he said.The standing committee will meet on Monday to discuss 16 proposals tabled by various departments. Two proposals are related to road repairing works. The lowest bid received for supply of metal used in tar work is 37.86% below the estimated rate. The department estimated the cost at Rs 99.99 lakh while the lowest bid received is Rs 62.13 lakh. Another proposal is related to road asphalting work from Dhantoli gas godown to Mishra hospital. The lowest bid received is 19.98% below the estimated cost.A senior NMC official told TOI that the department asked the lowest bidder in the contract of metal supply to justify the bid. \"The bidder said his quarry and crusher are situated close to NMC's hot mix plant. He promised not to create any problem of quality or quantity,\" he said.Official from NMC's public works department said that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane should come up with proper plans to counter check the quality and quantity to prevent substandard quality of road repairs again. \"Assistant commissioners should be allowed to counter check the works. Besides, ward-wise committee of technical engineers and others should be deputed to ensure quality and quantity,\" he said.The TOI had reported on surface layers of two roads coming apart within a few days of asphalting. Even chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari had exposed poor quality of work on a few roads. Former chairman Sandip Joshi too brought shoddy works on two roads to the notice of the administration. Now, the question is whether NMC can prevent substandard quality of work, or are bad roads in store for citizens this year too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186638", "title": "Jayalalithaa orders creation of new posts", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa announced the creation of more than 8,000 posts in the school education department on Sunday and allotted Rs 152.73 crore for infrastructure facilities, including additional classrooms, drinking water supply, laboratories, toilets and compound wall.An official release said that 1,591 posts were created for postgraduate teachers for the higher secondary sections, which would cost the government exchequer Rs 63.94 crore. While the newly set up 544 schools have been provided with lab assistants, the state has also decided to extend the same to 4,393 schools. Jayalalithaa also ordered the creation of 1,764 posts of junior assistants in each school, costing the exchequer Rs 109.3 crore. Last year, about 1,590 PG teachers posts and 344 junior assistant posts were created by the state. In a bid to improve the quality of education, the government has introduced freebies to school children, including readers, note books, uniform sets, bags, geometry boxes, pencisl, maps and footwear, besides laptops, cycles and scholarships, said the release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17191334", "title": "Huge number of quacks active in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Contrary to the health officials' claim, nearly 4000 quacks are practicing in the medical hub of the state, Indore under the eye of administration as well as health department.Talking to media, Dr L R Shrivastava, who was a part of the anti-quackery drive and conducted numerous raids from year 2003 to 2011 on the clinics of the quacks practicing in city said, \"At present there are around 4000 quacks in the city\".These quacks could be classified in two parts where one are completely quacks with no education at all, the other segment is of those who are either having some invalid degrees or are have studied in some other pathy and are practicing in some other pathy, Shrivastava said adding the number of pure quacks in the city should be around 1500 rest are the quacks belonging to the second class.He is currently facing several cases for the raids which were conducted by him during the service, claimed Dr Shrivastava who was retired in March this year.Though Shirvastava figures the numbers of quacks to around 4000 in the city, the people involved in the trade estimate more numbers.A doctor who is himself a graduate in electro homeopathy which is not recognized by MCI said on conditions of anonymity that the exact number of doctors including BAMS, BHMS, and other such who are considered quacks is around 6000 in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17187441", "title": "Child sex abuse: BBC chief quits over false report", "text": "LONDON: The chairman of the BBC Trust, Lord Chris Patten , on Sunday called for a radical overhaul of the news organization after it was plunged into one of its worst crises in its 90-year existence in the wake of the resignation of its director general, George Entwistle.\"A thorough, radical, structural overhaul of the BBC is necessary,\" Lord Patten said. Entwistle, 50, resigned after a flagship current affairs programme, Newsnight, inaccurately implicated a Conservative grandee, Lord McAlpine, in the alleged rape of boys in care homes in Wales in the 1970s.\"In the light of the fact that the director-general is also the editor-in-chief and ultimately responsible for all content, and in light of the unacceptable journalistic standards of the Newsnight film broadcast on Friday 2 November, I have decided that the honourable thing to do is to step down from the post of director-general,\" Entwistle said.In an interview on Saturday, Entwistle conceded he was unaware that Newsnight was going to make such serious allegations about McAlpine and that he had also not read the Guardian report which may have mistaken the identity of the perpetrator.With an internal BBC inquiry into the fiasco expected to be submitted on Sunday, more resignations in the corporation could be on the anvil. As they say, it's bad news when a news organization becomes the news.Jeremy Paxman , a hard-hitting Newsnight interviewer, described Entwistle's departure as a \"great shame\" and accused people below him of being \"cowards and incompetents\".BBC has been in crisis for a month, after it was alleged that it tolerated sexual misdemeanours by Jimmy Saville, one of its star presenters in the 1970s and 1980s. The allegations are under police investigation. A Newsnight report on Savile was earlier controversially withdrawn from broadcast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17188577", "title": "Traffic slows as people rush to catch last glimpse of ship", "text": "CHENNAI: For many in the city, all roads led to Marina Beach on Sunday . As people rushed to the beach to get a last glimpse of the stranded oil tanker before it was towed away, roads to Marina Beach were clogged with vehicles.As the curtains fell on a drama which turned the sandy stretch behind the lighthouse into a tourist spot, traffic moved at snail's pace and almost ground to a halt several times on roads leading to Kamarajar Salai. Traffic was heavy on Cathedral Road, Santhome High Road, and from Bharathi Salai at Royapettah towards beach between 4pm and 8pm.Police said the traffic situation was similar on Saturday evening, but the number of vehicles was higher on Sunday. Majority of the motorists were headed to the beach to see the ship. Traffic was chaotic near the lighthouse as several pedestrians going to and returning from the beach kept crossing Kamarajar Salai every few minutes. \"I want to see the ship before it is pulled away. I heard that the tug was able to move it,\" said a motorist, who was stuck in traffic at Cathedral Road on Sunday. Hundreds of people who stood waiting for buses near the lighthouse reduced the carriageway of the road forcing vehicles to slow down. Traffic policemen posted on the stretch had a tough time managing the crowd and vehicles.Additional commissioner of police (traffic) Karuna Sagar said: \"Traffic has been heavy near the beach for the last couple of days. On Sunday, traffic was the heaviest and was moving slowly, but there was no pile up as such. We posted additional officers to clear traffic on Kamarajar Salai, RK Salai, Royapettah and near the labour statue from 7pm to 8pm. Traffic became normal after 8pm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186754", "title": "Now, students can get board papers rechecked", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has announced a scheme where Secondary School Certificate (SSC, std X) and Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC, std XII) students can re-evaluate their board examination answer sheets.The present scheme allows students only to re-evaluate their marks for calculative errors. But, under the new scheme, students will be able to apply for complete rechecking of answer sheets.The scheme will be implemented from 2013-14 board examinations.A five-member committee will be formed under the guidance of the chief moderator to re-evaluate the answer sheets.Board chairman Sarjerao Gaikwad said that only those students who apply for duplicate copies of their answer sheets can avail of this facility. The scheme of issuing duplicate answer sheets was introduced last year.Jadhav told TOI on Sunday that most boards in the country had introduced this scheme but later discontinued it. \"However, we will make sure that this does not happen in Maharashtra and hence we have introduced some stringent rules. Students will have to get a duplicate copy of their answer sheets from their respective boards. The application for rechecking must be submitted to the board within five days of the result. For subjective answers, only an increase of 10 % or more will be awarded. A written consent of re-evaluation from a school or college teacher will also be necessary.\"In the present system, evaluators are only allowed to recount marks and correct calculative errors and not change the marks awarded in the answer papers. Jadhav said that, in the current system, if a student has attempted a 'fill in the blank' question correctly, yet the evaluator has marked the answer incorrect, this error remains unchanged while evaluation. \"However, the new scheme will allow the evaluator to correct these mistakes,\" Jadhav said.Students will be charged Rs 300 per subject as application fee for re-evaluation of papers. Availing a duplicate copy will cost an additional Rs 400 per paper. Jadhav said, \"Students are advised to retrieve a duplicate copy of their answer sheet from their respective division and show it to their subject teacher in school or college. If the teacher gives a go ahead for rechecking only then they should submit the application.\"Apart from the chief moderator, the committee will comprise three senior moderators of each district of the particular division and another official of the board. A final decision on the scheme by the state government is awaited.Jadhav said of the 13 lakh students who appeared for HSC exam in February-March this year, over 7,000 students applied for rechecking. Close to 4,500 SSC students of the 16 lakh also applied for rechecking. \"Only about 20 genuine cases were found of the total 12,000 applications,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17190609", "title": "Former Trinamool Congress leader arrested for allegedly threatening hospital staff at gunpoint", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Ashish Dey, who was caught on camera threatening the staff of a private hospital at gunpoint was arrested on Monday.He will be produced in a court later today.In a complaint lodged by the manager of the hospital, it has been alleged that a group, led by Dey, went inside the hospital building on Friday night. Dey reportedly had an argument with the hospital staff and allegedly brandished a revolver to threaten them. Dey reportedly also threatened the staff of shutting down the nursing home.The hospital's managing director JP Khaitan said, \"He first started a verbal spat with our employees accompanied by a group who repeatedly pleaded with them to leave the hospital premises. Dey then suddenly whipped out a revolver and threatened our staff.\"After the incident came to light, Trinamool leaders claimed that Dey had been thrown out of the party a long time ago.Trinamool MP Shatabdi Roy said, \"Ashish Dey is no more with our party. He was suspended a couple of years back.\"However, Ashish Dey has denied allegations against him, saying that: \"I have been falsely implicated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186594", "title": "Mega city mission reloaded: Phase 2 gets 366 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation may not have finished work on the first phase of the Mega City Development Mission, but it has wasted no time in starting work on phase 2 of its elaborate project to develop roads in the city.The government sanctioned 366.23 crore for the second part of the project and the corporation issued tenders for work in 13 zones. Contracts for the Perungudi and Sholinganallur zones are likely to be issued this week.Phase 2 of the project will focus on smaller roads and lanes, mostly in residential areas, which the corporation plans to strengthen. Corporation officials said 280km of roads will be developed in an integrated way, as in phase 1, to include stormwater drains, pavements, utility ducts, streetlights, electric junction boxes and even name boards.Residents of Thillai Nagar said they are looking forward to the corporation developing roads in the area where most streets have been broken and dug-up for more than eight years. People in the locality have for some time demanded new roads like neighbouring Shanthi Nagar. \"The engineers and supervisors had told us then that we would also get new roads. Now we've heard that the funds have been sanctioned and work will begin soon,\" said Navnit Chadha, a resident of Thillai Nagar.Funds for the second part of the project, meant to develop infrastructure in the extended parts of the city, will also fund minor projects in the heart of the city, in Thiru-vi-ka Nagar, Teynampet and Adyar. \"Thiru-vi-ka Nagar has been allotted 12 crore for 24 roads. Teynampet and Adyar have also been allotted 9.15 crore and 13.30 crore each,\" a council resolution stated.Valsaravakkam, with 50.7 crore, and Perungudi, with 49.08 crore, have cornered the largest share of the funds for phase 2 of the Mega City Development Mission. Thiruvottiyur has been allotted 40.10 crore. The civic body will relay 37 roads in Valsaravakkam and 56 roads Perungudi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188187", "title": "Notre Dame girls, BDPS boys emerge champs", "text": "PATNA: The girls of Notre Dame Academy (NDA) and boys of B D Public School (BDPS) defeated Delhi Public School (DPS) in the finals to win the interschool basketball tournament in their respective categories on the premises of Loyola High School on Sunday.Khushboo Hora of NDA and Anand Shivam of DPS were declared players of the tournament while Anjali of NDA and Abhinandan Kumar of BDPS were adjudged shooters of the tournament in their respective categories. The trophy of promising player of the tournament went to Kajol Singh (DPS) and Abhishek (Loyola).NDA crushed DPS 20-2 and BDPS won 23-15 in the finals. Khushboo scored the maximum 8 points for NDA while Abhinandan of BDPS continued with his form on the day and was the top scorer of the boys' final.Earlier, in the boys' semifinals, BDPS had to struggle against the agile shooters of Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV), Kankarbagh before booking the ticket to the final with a 20-18 win. Abhinandan alone contributed 14 points to his team's total.DIG (human rights) Ravindran Shankran was the chief guest on the occasion. He said Bihar police would also organize an interschool basketball tournament to encourage sports in the state. He gave away the winners and runners-up trophies to the respective teams.The tournament was organized by the Loyola Alumni Association. Principal of Loyola High School, Brother Felix wished the students all success in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17185874", "title": "Gujarat tops states in number of Muslim policemen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gujarat, which faced one of the worst anti-Muslim riots in the country barely 10 years ago, has emerged as the state with the largest number of Muslim cops posted in police stations, beating states with a higher proportion of the community in their population.The data, shared by the home ministry in response to an RTI query filed by TOI, shows that 10.6% of Gujarat's cops posted in police stations are Muslims. This is higher than the proportion of Muslims in the state's population, which is 9.1% (2001 census).The state has 5,021 cops from the community out of a total of 47,424 in its 501 police stations. On an average, Gujarat has 10 Muslim cops per police station \u00e2\u20ac\u201d higher than any other state which shared data with the Centre.The trend comes to light at a time when most states have failed to implement a key recommendation of the Sachar Committee report, suggesting that more Muslim cops be in police stations to build confidence among the community.Assam and Kerala, home to a much larger chunk of Muslims, have a higher percentage of the community in their police forces. But Gujarat has higher number of Muslim cops. Along with Odisha, it is the only state where the percentage of Muslims in the police force is higher than in the general population.The list includes 17 states and six Union Territories (UTs) and leaves out states such as Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh (where Muslim population is 10% or more), which did not share data with the home ministry despite several reminders.Gujarat has 5,021 Muslim police personnel in its 501 police stations compared to 2,210 Muslim cops in 451 police stations in Kerala, 2,048 in 525 police stations in West Bengal, 930 in 773 police stations in Rajasthan and 616 in 417 police stations in Jharkhand.Absence of data from 11 states and one UT (Puducherry) may spare them from being scrutinized at this juncture by the Centre but not sharing figures of Muslim cops may itself raise a question mark over these states' commitment to implement the Sachar committee recommendations.TOI had sought information under the transparency law in the context of the home ministry's missive to states reminding them about implementing Sachar panel's recommendations on posting a minimum of one Muslim inspector or sub-inspector in police stations which catered to a sizeable number of the minority community. This, the committee said, should be done \"not eliminate discrimination but as an initiative to build confidence\".The ministry also sought details of action taken by the states in this regard on a half-yearly basis.The Sachar committee, constituted on March 9, 2005 under the chairmanship of Justice Rajinder Sachar to prepare a comprehensive report on the social, economic and educational status of Muslims in India, had submitted its findings in November 2006.Union home ministry's data on Muslim police personnel as on October 16, 2012:1. No. of Muslim police personnel who are posted in 'police stations' (top six states):Gujarat - 5021Assam - 2210Kerala - 2210West Bengal - 2048Tamil Nadu - 1206Rajasthan -- 9302. Share (percentage) of Muslim personnel in total number of cops in 'police stations'Assam - 21.5%Kerala - 11.6%Gujarat - 10.6%West Bengal - 8.4%Jharkhand - 6.4%Rajasthan - 3.9%3. Proportion of Muslim population in these states (2001 Census data)Assam - 30.9%West Bengal - 25.2%Kerala - 24.7%Jharkhand - 13.8%Gujarat - 9.1%Rajasthan - 8.5%4. Proportion of Muslim population to total population of India (2001 Census data) - 13.4%5. Eleven states - UP, Bihar, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Mizoram, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh - have not shared data with the home ministry", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17185723", "title": "Chanakya Brahma's last rites performed", "text": "Kokrajhar: People of the four Bodoland Territorial Council districts, Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa and Udalguri, bade a tearful adieu on Sunday to late Chanakya Brahma, a man of versatile qualities, who died in Beijing in China on October 31. Hundreds of people paid floral tribute to Brahma.The body of Brahma arrived at his home, Habrubari at Kokrajhar on Saturday night 10 days after his death. His body was taken to Kokrajhar Law College, District Institute of Education and Training (DIET) where he was the principal for 21 years and to the office of the Bodo Sahitya Sabha (BSS), BPF office. The last rites were then performed at his native village Adabari, 3 km east of Kokrajhar town in front of a large gathering of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187866", "title": "Man held for duping Deolali resident of 7lakh", "text": "NASHIK: Upnagar cops arrested Salman Shaikh,of Jai Bhavani Road, on charges of cheating a Deolali Camp resident of Rs 7.75 lakh.According to the victim, Mahesh Dahale, the accused told him that he was a automobile sub-dealer and would help Dahale sell off his multi-utility vehicle for a good price and give him another similar vehicle directly from the automobile company.Apart from taking Dahale's vehicle, the accused also took Rs 75,000 from him under the pretext of booking a new vehicle. But Shaikh did not give Dahale a new vehicle, neither did he return the victim's old vehicle and money, which led toDahale filing a police complaint leading to Shaikh's arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "17187531", "title": "A show of culture", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The cultural melange, presented by organizers of Sarb Hind Sikh Educational Conference at Shri Guru Harkrishan Public School, Dugri Road, mesmerized the audience. This was the first such initiative by Chief Khalsa Diwan, the body which organized the programme after a couple of years. The participants showcased their talent by depicting the folkloric traditions of Punjab enthusiastically.Convener of the cultural program Dharamveer Singh said such events provide a platform to the students to connect to the cultural roots of the state.Students from various branches of Shri Guru Harkrishan Public Schools across the state participated in the event. While the bhangra by boys in colourful turbans turned the atmosphere electric, the Sami dance and the gidha by students of Dugri branch got much applause. The students from Amritsar performed a Rajasthani dance. The skits and \"bhand\" and \"nakal\" were also liked by one and all. The audiences were also shown documentaries on the Sikh history on this occasion.International Dashmesh Gatka Akhara, Machhiwara, performed the Sikh martial art \"Gatka\", directed by Davinder Singh Chhina and Jagdish Singh Brar. Young Sikh boys clad in \"Nihang Banas\" put up a spectacular display of weapon use and agile attack and defense techniques. One of the performers Prabh Simranjit Singh Khalsa said they had been performing at major Sikh events across the state for last many years.The students loved the event that celebrated the Sikh culture and history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17187989", "title": "Power tariff hike for UP group housing societies", "text": "NOIDA: Thousands of residents in group housing societies in Ghaziabad, Noida and Greater Noida who get electricity in their homes through single-point power connections availed by their societies - instead of individual connections in each house - would have to shell out more. The new tariff structure enforced by the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission has increased electricity charges for such bulk consumers.Though the commission had left 'domestic' consumers untouched while implementing the new power tariff on October 19, it has increased charges under the category called 'domestic bulk-supply single-point' connections.According to officials of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited, this category of consumers mostly comprises group-housing societies who avail power for all residents at a single point within their premises. Fixed charges for consumers under this category have been hiked from Rs 40 per kWh to Rs 50 per kWh. In addition, per unit charges have also been increased from Rs 3.20 to Rs 3.75.Consumers in this category would be issued higher bills in November because tariff has been implemented with retrospective effect from October 1. UPPCL officials said the tariff would be higher for only those residents who avail power from a single point in their society premises through sub-meters installed in their individual houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17186291", "title": "Kejriwal is like Rakhi Sawant, says Digvijaya Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Sunday compared activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal with Bollywood's item girl Rakhi Sawant, saying that they both try and expose but with no substance.\"Arvind Kejriwal levelled all baseless allegations; there was nothing new in it. If he comes with up a new allegation, then we will pay attention to it,\" he said.Singh earlier tweeted: \"Arvind Kejriwal is like Rakhi Sawant. They both try and expose but with no substance.\"Singh also sought an apology from Rakhi Sawant for making this comparison. \"Apologies to Rakhi Sawant I am an old fan of hers!,\" he further said in his tweet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17186174", "title": "Mashelkar: Goa 2035 vision goals achievable by 2025", "text": "MARGAO: Scientist and chairman of the Goa golden jubilee development council (GGJDC) Raghunath Mashelkar on Sunday said the state should work towards becoming a model state for the rest of India to follow, even as he stressed that Goa has the potential to achieve the goals charted out in the roadmap of Goa-2035 vision document by 2025.\"...Goa has to become a model state. What Goa does today, India will do tomorrow. Goa should take a lead in research and innovation,\" Mashelkar said, addressing the gathering after he was awarded the honorary membership of Gomant Vidya Niketan on the occasion of the institution's centenary celebrations.Mashelkar stressed on the need to execute the seven-fold plan as outlined for the roadmap for Goa 2035 in the GGJDC vision document. \"The report dwells on the roadmap to achieve these goals-serene Goa, cultured Goa, balanced Goa (development without destruction), enlightened Goa, prosperous Goa, well-governed Goa and happy Goa. Forget about realizing these goals by 2035, we can do it by 2025,\" Mashelkar said, adding that he has already discussed the GGJDC report with chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Stressing that education leading to enlightenment held the key for one's secure future, Mashelkar said the crucial part of education was to get equipped with the skills required to \"become an integral part of society\". \"Education is a great equalizer,\" he added.Mashelkar painted a bright future for India while stating that \"three things will go our way\" in the country's march towards being counted among the major superpowers.\"One is democracy, which allows us to think and act freely, and thereby fuels innovation which is going to rule the world. Second is demography. Half of India's population is less than 25 years old, and the young are innovative. Third is diversity, which promotes innovation and creativity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17188578", "title": "Office clerk held for role in 'chemical report' scam", "text": "AMRITSAR: Police have arrested an employee of office of chemical examiner, Punjab, for alleged involvement in playing the role of a middleman for giving negative results about narcotics seized by police in the state.Deputy superintendent of police, Kapurthala, Paramjit Singh, told TOI on Sunday that they had arrested Jagdip Singh, a clerk in the office of chemical examiner, Kharar, Punjab, who used to collect narcotic samples for chemical examination.Singh alleged that Jagdip used to act as a middleman and have been booked under sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.With the arrest of Jagdip Singh, police were hopeful of some major revelations soon and have already tightened the noose around the bosses of Jagdip Singh, who could also be neck-deep in the malpractice, he said.Police had reportedly taken action following the complaint by Punjab Human Rights Organisation (PHRO) to director general of police, Punjab.Principal Investigator of PHRO, Sarabjit Singh , said that they had conducted an independent inquiry which revealed that a cabinet minster's son, a chief parliamentary secretary, a MLA and the personal assistant of a cabinet minister were allegedly involved in the racket of getting narcotics samples \"failed\" by the office of chemical examiner, Punjab.Quoting an example, Sarabjit said that in an FIR registered with Phagwara police station (Cantt), the chemical examiner, Punjab had given a negative report whereas a CBI laboratory had confirmed the narcotics, following instructions from a court.The principal investigator further alleged that in many cases, innocent persons were implicated in false cases. \"If this malpractice is not nipped here, narcotics smugglers will ruin the youth of Punjab,\" he said.The PHRO has demanded a probe into investigations conducted by the office of chemical examiner, Punjab during the past five years and reexamine the samples of narcotics send to it, so as to reveal the truth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17187472", "title": "US may get first Indian-American cabinet member", "text": "WASHINGTON: USAID's Indian-American head Raj Shah, who has established himself as one of the most successful administrators of the agency, is being seen as a strong contender for a cabinet position as President Barack Obama prepares for his second term.Given his strong credentials as a successful USAID administrator and his unflinching loyalty to Obama, administrative and political sources said that Raj could well be poised for one of the cabinet positions in particular that of secretary of health and human services, secretary of agriculture and secretary of education.He would not face any difficulties in any Senate confirmation given his strong credentials and support across both sides of the aisle.Shah, 39, who in the last three ands half years has established himself as one of the most successful administrators of US Agency for International Development (USAID) - the agency that provides economic, development and humanitarian assistance around the world.The White House for now has refused to entertain any question on new appointment or possibility of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185711", "title": "Army steps up vigil after fresh violence in Bodoland", "text": "GUWAHATI: Army has stepped up vigil in the Bodo areas of lower Assam following fresh incidents of violence in Kokrajhar district on Saturday. A farmer was shot dead in Gossaigaon subdivision by unidentified miscreants while another person was hacked to death near Kokrajhar on Saturday evening.\"The situation is under control. There has been no deployment of army on riot control duties. The army's role was shifted to counter-insurgency operations after the situation in Bodoland became normal in September. However, after yesterday's (Saturday) incidents, the army within its counter-insurgency operational role has stepped up vigil,\" a defence source said.A government spokesman said, \"The chief minister has asked the civil administration and police to deal with the situation firmly and to stop recurrence of such incidents. He has also directed the DGP, ADGP (SB), DC and SP of Chirang district to beef up security and take firm action against those perpetrating violence. The DC and SP of Chirang district has informed the chief minister that the situation was tense but under control.\"The incidents occurred shortly after Gogoi on Saturday afternoon said the state passed through its most difficult times this year as it was ravaged by three waves of floods since April and ethnic clashes also shook lower Assam in July-August. He added that normalcy has now returned to the state.Saturday's killings turned the situation in Bodoland tense as people feared the return of the riots that had hit Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri district last July and August. Over 80 people were killed and more than 4.5 lakh people were displaced.The army, which was already engaged in counter-insurgency operations in lower Assam, was deployed for riot control duties from July 25. Additional army companies were also called in to assist the district administration. As the situation returned to normal by September, the army was taken out of riot control duties and put back on counter-insurgency operations.Most of the people displaced during the riots have returned to their homes, but there are still about 39,000 of them living in relief camps and waiting for rehabilitation. A total of 4,46,296 persons were displaced during the July riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17185716", "title": "Unicef to focus on four key issues", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef), which provides long-term humanitarian and developmental assistance to children and mothers in developing countries, is going to focus on four core issues during their work programme in Assam.Unicef representative to India Louis-Georges Arsenault, during his visit here on Saturday, said his organization will focus on the issue of elementary education, neo-natal deaths, malnutrition and sanitation, besides reaching out to the deprived and underprivileged section of the society.\"Our strategy is to reach out to people who have been left out of the system like the tribals, tea garden community and religious minority groups. We're also focusing on elementary education as the general consensus is that the quality of elementary education is quite poor in the country. The percentage of school drop-outs is enormous. It is quite unfortunate that over 80 million children don't complete their elementary education,\" said Arsenault, who has been involved in various humanitarian and developmental programmes in countries like Afghanistan, Mali, Cambodia and Bangladesh .Expressing concern over the high rate of neo-natal deaths and malnutrition among pregnant women, Arsenault said special attention will be given to them. \"Stunted growth among children is quite high here due to malnutrition. During my visit to the Assam Medical College and Hospital, I found that 89 per cent of pregnant women and lactating mothers are anaemic; the rate is 100 per cent in case of tea garden workers. Sanitation, which has a tremendous impact on mortality, is another area of concern. There are other issues like child marriage and child labour which also need to be addressed. We had a meeting with Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi and he promised full cooperation from government agencies in the implementation of our programmes,\" he added.Arsenault said people in the state cannot reap the benefits of social programmes owing to discrimination, corruption, poor monitoring and little accountability.During his tenure as Unicef representative in Afghanistan from 1998 to 2001, he managed one of Unicef's largest humanitarian operations, that is, the coordination of relief and rehabilitation services to thousands of women, children and men displaced by war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17186965", "title": "Murder mystery solved, two held", "text": "INDORE: With the arrest of two persons, police claim to have cracked the murder case of a teacher, whose body was found wrapped in Kishanganj area on Thursday. Police arrested two accused Amit Ojha and Ajay Singh Verma who allegedly killed Sushil Dadhiwal and threw his body in Kishanganj area.Talking to media, SP, west, Anil Singh Kushwaha, said that Sushil was a commerce teacher in Ilwa School. He left his home on November 6 and did not return. Later, police found his body in Kishanganj area.According to him, police picked one suspect Amit Ojha, a resident of Saibaba Nagar who revealed a new story. When police interrogated him, he confessed his hands in the murder and informed that the teacher was continuously forcing him to arrange a girl for him. Sushil also reportedly gave him Rs 500 for the same.Disturbed over his continuous pressure for a girl, Amit called him at the residence of another friend. He called one Ajay Singh, a resident of Dewas, for the help. Both accused along with the teacher went to a room near Lucky Bakery. They drank together. When Sushil asked about the girl, they threw chilly powder on his eyes and allegedly killed him by suffocating him. Subsequently, they wrapped his body in a bed-sheet and took it to the Kishanganj area in a vehicle MP09 HA9526. Police have seized the vehicle too. Sushil Dadhiwal's body was found in Kishanganj area three days ago. The 35-year-old man, son of Deekhaji Dadhiwal, was the resident of South Rajmohalla. He was missing for the last couple of days and his family members had lodged his missing complaint with Chhatripura police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187857", "title": "Bee attack kills Mumbai trekker, injures 4 others", "text": "NASHIK: Volunteers of0000000000, one of the oldest adventure groups in the city, recovered the dead body of an accident victim, Sandeep Patade (30), of Mulund in Mumbai and rescued four others, all of whom were Mumbai residents, at Dangya pinnacle, near Wadhiwarhe, Igatpuri on Saturday evening. On Sunday evening, the four victims rescued were sent back to Mumbai along with the body.The victims - Sandeep Patade, Sajnay Lokare, Rahul Meshram, Sudarashan Mandgaonkar and Ramesh Dhamale, had come from Mumbai to scale Dangya. On the way down they were attacked by bees following which Patade fell down. After the mishap, Rahul contacted a man, Suhas Joshi in Mumbai, who had a close association with Vainateya and he contacted the organization for a rescue operation at 4pm. By 5pm, Vainetaya volunteers arranged for an ambulance and left for Dangya with the necessary rescue equipment .\"They are a group of friends who meet on weekends and scale heights under the name of Havshi Giryarohak, which is not a registered trekkers group. On their way down from Dangya, they came across a honeycomb after which bees swarmed around them and began attacking them. During the attack, one of the trekkers, Sandeep, slipped and fell down from a height of over 250 feet which landed his body at the base of the pinnacle. When we got a call we were all in our respective offices. After making all the arrangements we reached the Wadivarhe police station at 5pm and informed cops about the incident. We told them that we were going to recover the body and rescue others in the group,\" said Dayanand Koli of Vainateya.The rescue group took a police constable along with them and brought back the body of Sandeep on a stretcher after which the body was packed in a sleeping bag of one of the trekkers. The rescue team brought the trekkers to Civil Hospital at 1am where the four, who were injured, were treated.The four were discharged on Sunday morning and left for Mumbai, along with the body of Sandeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17187892", "title": "Diwali lights light up homes with no power", "text": "DHARWAD: Lighting oil lamps and candles during Diwali is tradition. But erratic power supply in the district has left people with no choice but to light them.Though Hescom promised to provide uninterrupted power supply during the festival of lights, the promise remains on paper as the agency continues with its frequent power disruptions.People in urban areas manage with alternative sources of electricity like generators and UPS systems, but those in rural areas have to spend their evening in darkness.Bheemappa Dindalkoppa, a farmer in Uppinbetageri village of Dharwad taluk, complains that the Hescom shuts down power supply for hours after 6pm and this hampers commercial, domestic and farming activities. It hugely affects the functioning of flour mills and also the supply of drinking water.Nemichandra of Garag village adds that kerosene is not a viable option due to its prohibitive price in the open market and the quantity provided through public distribution system is inadequate. \"Deepavali coincides with 'Amavasya', which is the darkest day. If it were a full moon day we would have had the benefit of moonlight,\" he adds.In urban areas of the district where power is shut down for a minimum of four hours a day, the business class which uses generators is hit by the hike in petrol and diesel prices.Frequent power cuts have helped only one section of society, criminals engaged in robbery, pickpocket, chain snatching and burglary.They are having a field day as people tend to throng the market for Deepavali shopping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190147", "title": "The bet is on, you game?", "text": "It's not just about the lights anymore. Poker parties are jazzing up Diwali dos in the cityThe diyas are lit and while the kids run to the terrace with a bag of firecrackers, a group of youngsters are huddled around a table. They're sipping from glasses covered with card motifs and pass around a spade-shaped plate of chips. A show of cards and the choicest expletives are spat out amidst roars of laughter. Welcome to one of the many poker parties taking place this Diwali in the city.The desi teen patti is now a thing of the past. American poker has spread among the city's youth like wildfire as the festival card game du jour. And that's not all. With almost every house now hosting card sessions, people are trying to stand out by organizing special poker-themed nights. Says Swati Siotia of a shop that stocks poker party accessories, \"Since last week, the sale of card-themed disposables \u00e2\u20ac\u201d plates, cups, glasses, toothpicks, stirrers, napkins, balloons, wall hangings and invitation cards \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have picked up. Saturday was a big card day for the city, the sales were crazy. Around 40 people all over Kolkata took such items for their theme parties. We have sold out all poker tables this time. Such accessories aren't cheap, but people don't mind paying extra for such exclusive products.\"The stake starts at 500, with no upper limit. Most poker meet-ups are held privately at houses though many are going that extra mile by booking premium suites in five-star properties. Of course, dressing up for the occasion is a given! \"I have around eight to 10 makeovers this festive season at my salon for poker parties. People turn up in designer clothes and want the latest makeup and hairdo. Though the parties have been taking place since last 20 days, last few days saw the maximum numbers,\" said parlour owner Prairna Khuller. The parties start around 10 pm and continue till the wee hours. Designers are also making the most of it. \"Seeing the rise of interest in poker parties, I have designed some ethnic kurtis with motifs of clubs, diamonds and spades which can be worn at poker sessions,\" said Neha Goel.Housewife Etee Agarwal Bajaj, who organized one such party at her house this year, said she was inspired after attending many poker parties last year. \"I invited a small group of close friends for our party. Poker nights are addictive. We plan to organize it every year from now,\" she said.Designer Deepika Agarwal also threw a lavish poker party this Diwali. \"I invited around 140 guests. It's basically a fun gettogether for friends. Trendy dresses, food, drinks and decor added to the Diwali feel. We also kept a separate chill-out zone with hookah for people who didn't want to play,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17191274", "title": "KSIA opposes administration's move to ban plastic", "text": "MANGALORE: The Kanara Small Industries Association (KSIA) has opposed imposition of ban on Plastic Carry bags and Plastic articles in Dakshina Kannada District from November 15. B A Nazeer, president, KSIA said this is a shocking news on the industry in the district where more than 50 small scale industries have made investments with financial assistance from various banks and financial institutions like Karnataka State Financial Corporation.Besides this a large number of workers, most of whom are women have been employed in the industries with life time facilities like insurance and Provident Fund. Any blanket ban on use of plastic carry bags in the district will not only effects entrepreneurs financially but also financial institutions. A localized ban will not yield any results but will be an injustice the entrepreneurs of Dakshina Kannada district, Nazeer contended.About more than 5000 people are employed directly and another 10,000 people indirectly in more than 50 units in the district. Total ban on plastic carry bags will affect the massive employment provided by the industry. In this connection it is to be noted that after long deliberations at the national level, the order of Plastic Waste Management Rules 2011 has been submitted to Supreme Court which has Apex Court has accepted.The Central Government by its order dated February 4, 2011 has already stated that thickness of carry bags should be minimum of 40 microns and clearly defined the role of municipalities and producers of plastic carry bags. Stricter implementation of above rules will definitely address environmental concerns related to plastics. This association has already offered to join hands with the government and district administration to eradicate this menaceThe state government must formulate a state policy in this regard instead of local and regional policies for stricter implementation of rules, Nazeer said adding KSIA opposed 'unjustified and illegal raids' by MCC officials on trade establishments and seizure of plastic carry bags and also other bags without giving acknowledgment for the seized goods, thereby creating fear among traders and users. This has ruined the Diwali business of the traders.KSIA strongly opposes raids on trade establishments since no order has been issued by the district administration. KSIA urged the Chief Minister to intervene immediately and instruct the district administration not to impose ban on carry bags above 40 microns as prescribed in above mentioned rules. They must be given at least one year to study consequences in this regard and plastic manufacturers will adhere to ban on less than 40 microns carry bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17188145", "title": "Another fire, this time in a Satellite eatery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A fire erupted at a restaurant on the 100 Feet Ring Road in Satellite on Sunday afternoon. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials rushed to the spot and doused flames before the situation could get out of hand. The officials said that the cause of fire could not be ascertained during primary inspection.According to AFES officials, they received a call from Bizarre, a restaurant-cum-takeaway joint at Krishna Complex near Dhananjay Tower at 12.30 pm. \"The fire had started in the kitchen and had spread rapidly to the counters. We believe that this might be a case of gas leak or short-circuit. As the flames were spotted early by staff, a major mishap was averted. We doused the flames after an operation that lasted half an hour,\" said an AFES official.Firemen said that they are expecting a surge in fire emergencies during the next few days, usually sparked off by stray firecrackers. \"We have deployed our teams at full strength to prevent any major incident,\" said a senior official.On November 6, not far from this restaurant, a fire had erupted in Safal Pegasus - a commercial complex close to Prahladnagar. Panic-struck occupants of the building jumped off the second and third floors to escape, 11 people were injured in the incident. Lack of ventilation and fire escape and heavy smoke caused by fire had heightened the fear factor among the people who were trapped in the multi-storeyed structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187110", "title": "CM Chouhan shops at Chowk Bazaar", "text": "BHOPAL:Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan went around Chowk Bazaar for Dhanteras shopping on Sunday night. He was accompanied by wife Sadhna Singh, sons Kartikey and Kunal . The CMs family purchased silver coins and domestic utensils, a spokesman of the CM house informed later.Chouhan also shared Dhanteras and Dewali greetings with other shoppers in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187083", "title": "Good sales on Dhanteras keep cash registers ringing", "text": "BHOPAL: An estimated business of more than Rs 200 crore was done on the day of Dhanteras on Sunday with shoppers flocking to markets throughout the day.The shopping spree was witnessed late into the night as well as it also happened to be a weekend.Capital's prominent markets like Sarafa Chowk Bazar, New Market, 10 No. Market, Bittan Market were flooded with people, buying everything from jewellery to electronic goods, say trade analysts.After 5 in the evening, as there was a big rush for shopping in markets in old and the new Bhopal, leading to traffic snarls, not to mention parking problems that the shoppers faced.The attractive discounts and offers on various goods drew in customers in hordes to shops.Big sales were witnessed in the automobiles, jewellery, utensils, furniture, electronics and apparel segments.Several banks remained open even on Sunday so that customers could buy gold coins from select branches.Some shoppers complained that several ATMs were dysfunctional across city which made it difficult for them to purchase. Also, some were out of cash and others suffered from link failure.\"After the lukewarm response generated throughout the year, the Dhanteras-Diwali weekend has definitely lifted the mood of the customers despite the soaring inflation rates,\" said Anant Sharma, a shopkeeper at a busy market in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188036", "title": "Until 1975, only 7 Indian cities were covered by TV", "text": "How did TV broadcast start in India?In September 1959, Delhi became the first Indian city to get TV telecast facility. It took nearly six years to start regular services. By 1972, TV services were extended to Mumbai, which was then Bombay. In the early days, TV took a long time to reach other parts of the country as until 1975, only seven Indian cities were covered by television. Television gradually penetrated across the country and today India boasts of one of the world's largest TV broadcast networks. Initially, terrestrial television was used for TV broadcasting in India. The system, which date backs to the beginning of TV broadcasting in the world, does not involve satellites to transmit information. Instead it depends on transmitting, receiving and TV antenna. The TV requires a tuner that could convert radio signals to audio and video.What is satellite TV?Unlike terrestrial TV, satellite television is based on delivering programmes by the means of communication satellite. These signals are received by a parabolic reflector type outdoor antenna, typically referred to as a dish antenna. The signals could be obtained either by large community antennas and then distributed by coaxial cables or directly by direct to home ( DTH) antennas designed for individual reception. The satellite system is capable of transmitting all forms of broadcasting signals.What are the other methods of TV broadcasting?TV broadcasting can be divided into two main categories \u00e2\u20ac\u201d analogue and digital. There are three types of analogue television systems used around the world \u00e2\u20ac\u201d NTSC, PAL and SECAM. Similarly, digital TV broadcasting is done by four different systems \u00e2\u20ac\u201d DVB-T, ATSC, ISDB-T and DTMB. These systems, which are used in different countries, are significantly different from each other. The main differences are in details like conversion into broadcast and then video format as well as the methods used for transmission of broadcast signals. To resolve conflicts between various TV systems, countries typically adopt a single broadcasting system as their national standard.How is digital broadcasting different from analogue?A digital signal transmits the information in binary code which is zero or one. The analogue system converts the information into electromagnetic waves. A digital TV has several advantages over analogue sets. Most importantly, it takes far lesser bandwidth. This enables the broadcasters to provide more channels. Because of increased space in the transmission bandwidth, the broadcaster could provide additional information like program guides, additional language option, subtitles and so on. Apart from this, digital signals also have superior picture quality.What is the new government move aimed at?Across the world, countries are switching from analogue to digital broadcasting. At present, broadcasters in many countries are operating by delivering simulcast services where broadcast is made available to both digital and analogue consumers. As digital telecast is becoming popular across the world, it is generally believed that the coming years will witness a complete switchover from analogue to exclusively digital broadcasting. The switchover varies from country to country. For instance, in India and the UK it will be implemented in various stages. Specific regions will switch on different dates. The 'switch off' disables analogue TVs from receiving broadcasts and hence a set-top converter box is required to receive digital signals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187557", "title": "Mumbaikars choose quiet vacation over noisy Diwali", "text": "MUMBAI: On Sunday, Pramit Mirashi from Dadar visited a restaurant at Nariman Point, thinking he might have to wait longer than usual because of the weekend crowds. To his surprise, his family had a choice of dining tables to sit in and that, too, in absolute peace.The restaurant owner later explained that this could be one of the biggest Diwali exodus out of Mumbai due to the long weekend. A large number of Mumbaikars seem to prefer beaches and tourist spots over noisy Diwali celebrations.According to Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) managing director Jagdish Patil, not only the ongoing extended five-day weekend but also days beyond Diwali till the month-end, the resorts stand booked over 90%. \"This time, Mumbaikars seem to be making a beeline for beaches. Almost resorts are full and some have long waiting lists,\" said Patil, pointing out that Karla (Lonavla), Mahabaleshwar and Matheran were the next choice due to the jam-packed beaches. But even these places were witnessing overbookings. \"The bed-and-breakfast places and private resorts too are packed to the full capacity,\" said another MTDC official from Konkan.Abhinandan Mehta, a Matunga resident who is away in Malwan, said he had applied for a day's leave on Monday. \"I knew that starting from Saturday, till Pratipada or Padwa, we can have a five-day holiday. We are also not missing Diwali here as more than crackers, people here believe in prayers, pujas and body massage. Here, the place offers complete mental as well as physical healing,\" says Abhinandan.In Karla, Ayurvedic massage, yoga and meditation centres have a long waiting list. \"We can't take bookings till December-end,\" said the proprietor of a body healing centre.Kamlesh Barot, ex-president of Hotel and Restaurants Association Western India and National Federation of Hotels and Restaurant Associations, said, \"Konkan beaches, Goa and Kerala are full as per the reports from our members there. Kashmir and Rajasthan are also opening up in a big way. Beaches are the preferred spots as tourists are heading to Harihareshwar, Tarkarli, Sindhudurg and Malwan.\"Shashikant Shetty of Ahar, an association of over 8,000 restaurants and bars in the city, said there may not be a rush at restaurants and bars these days but the business was quite normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188529", "title": "Tanker loses tug of war", "text": "Oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery, which was stranded off Marina Beach for 11 days after running a ground when Cyclone Nilam hit the Tamil Nadu coast on October 31, was finally pulled out to sea on Sunday, on the fourth day of a gruelling salvage operation.Union shipping minister G K Vasan, monitoring the salvage operation since early morning on Sunday, said the vessel was towed out successfully at 6.25pm. The directorate-general of shipping is investigating all aspects of the ship's beaching, he said. \"The shipping ministry will ensure that the company pays the crew's pending wages and dues,\" Vasan said. After several unsuccessful attempts to tow the vessel out to sea, tug Malaviya on Sunday succeeded in turning the ship 90o from its right side or starboard facing the coast to point out to sea. The tug towed Pratibha Cauvery out in an effort that started at 5.45pm and lasted around 45 minutes.The huge ship first beached off Elliot's Beach and later drifted towards the northern coast of Chennai to near Marina Beach. Six crew members drowned after the ship lost anchor during the storm and a lifeboat carrying 22 men capsized when they attempted to escape the floundering ship and get to shore.The rare sight of a vessel less than a mile from the shore drew thousand of visitors to the beach, starting the day after the ship ran aground.Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra said the salvaged vessel would be pulled out to the high seas. \"It will be kept in outer anchor for a day or two for checks to see if the vessel suffered damage when it beached and to determine its safety and if it is seaworthy,\" Mishra said.The directorate-general of shipping and police are conducting parallel investigations into the beaching of the ship.Sunil Pawar, the CEO of Pratibha Shipping Company, the owner of the vessel, said divers would soon take photographs to assess damage to the keel and propellers. \"After analysing the safety of the vessel and its condition, it will be taken to a berth at Chennai port or the shipyard in Kattupalli port, 32km north of Chennai,\" h e said.The marine salvage operation was one of the largest in the waters off Chennai. The weight of the vessel and strong currents made the salvage difficult . \"The tug turned the ship around inch by inch be fore it towed it out,\" a port official said.The salvage operation was led by a team of experts from maritime company Smit International, Singapore . The team started the salvage on Wednesday, but suffered several setbacks, with the ropes that the tug was using to extricate the ship breaking repeatedly.Captain Ilan Cheran of Accord Marine Surveyors and Consultants, who assisted the salvage team, said the tug would stay with the tanker till it finds a berth for repairs. Company sources said the vessel is likely to find a berth at Chennai port. \"It is awaiting safety clearances ,\" a port source said Experts said the vessel should be taken to a shipyard for maintenance immediately as it still carrying several tonnes of fuel. The vessel has lost both its anchors.The directorate-general of shipping is in contact with the Tamil Nadu Maritime Board and other maritime agencies in the state to ensure that the vessel is given a berth as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17188803", "title": "Retired teacher files PIL against tahsildar", "text": "MADURAI: A retired teacher of Surumanpatti in Kadavur taluk of Karur district has filed a PIL in the Madras high court bench against the tahsildar saying that even after a direction from the district collector, the official had failed to take action in removing the encroachments on the pathway, is in use by the public for several years.The petitioner, P Subramanian, in his petition contended that the pathway in survey number 1992 at Surumanpatti village, which was in public use for many years has been encroached by some private persons with the help of government officials.Prior to 1990, there was no sketch or revenue records for the pathway. During the survey process, the officials failed to mention the classification of the pathway, which leads to Rajapatti village, after taking bribes from private parties who have now encroached it, the petitioner stated.When a representation was given to the collector, the tahsildar was directed to inspect the spot and remove the encroachment if any, by the collector's proceedings dated November 30, 2009. But, no action was taken by the tahsildar. After two years, another representation was submitted to the collector who ordered the official to conduct a field inspection by a communication dated February 23, 2011. However, that time too, no action was initiated by the tahsildar. The collector and tahsildar purposely failed to remove the encroachments, the petitioner charged.The petitioner prayed that the court should direct the authorities to remove the encroachment so that the public can use the pathway without any obstruction. When the petition came up for admission, the division bench ordered to issue notice to the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187322", "title": "3 more parking spaces for Sector 17 shoppers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Parking your vehicle at Sector 17 will not drive you crazy for another few days. The traffic police have allowed stationing of vehicles at three open areas of Sector 17 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Circus Ground, land adjoining RBI and the one adjacent to sectors 16, 17 dividing road \u00e2\u20ac\u201d till Diwali. The decision has been taken in the wake of festive rush to the commercial hub of the city.These spaces can accommodate 1,500 to 2,000 vehicles at a time. As the capacity of Sector 17's two parking lots, Sahib Singh and Empire Store, is around 1,000 cars, these remain jam-packed most of the times, leaving others high and dry. SP (traffic and security) Manish Chaudhary said, \"We have deployed the maximum number of cops at the commercial hub to regulate traffic. The extra space will help solve inadequate parking problem. I urge people to take one car for shopping instead of every member using his own vehicle.\"Inspector Sucha Singh, traffic in-charge of Sector 17, said, \"Traffic cops as well as security guards of the market association will man the temporary parking spaces. Parking has been allowed even along sectors 16, 17 roadside to accommodate the swelling number of vehicles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186886", "title": "25-year-old commits suicide in Kondhwa", "text": "PUNE: A 25-year-old man allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his flat in Kondhwa.The man, Puranjay Madhav Randhirsingh, of Clover Highlands, Kondhwa, had recently completed his animation course from an institute here and was looking for a job.Sub-inspector Rajaram Kshirsagar of the Kondhwa police station told TOI that the incident came to light when Puranjay's domestic help came to the house on Sunday morning. \"She knocked on the door and, when there was no response from inside, opened it with a spare key,\" Kshirsagar said.On entering the duplex flat, the maid found Puranjay hanging from the ceiling of his bedroom upstairs.She called the neighbours, who informed the police. The police took Puranjay to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival.In her statement to the police, the maid said that around 15 days back, Puranjay's father had come to Pune and had told him not to worry much about not finding a job. Puranjay's father works with the merchant navy, while his mother is employed in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188361", "title": "Locals infuse life into Bikramgarh Jheel", "text": "KOLKATA: If nature enthusiasts took it on themselves to clean Santragachhi Jheel last year, this time they teamed up with locals to remove tonnes of water hyacinth, garbage, rubbish and debris from Bikramgarh Jheel, reviving the sprawling waterbody that was on the verge of extinction. The clean-up drive, achieved after countering opposition from a section of land sharks, has even encouraged the government to chart out a spruce-up plan to maintain the waterbody and foil any further encroachment bids.\"We moved into the locality last year and never realized there was such a beautiful waterbody next door. It is only when a few men got into the act around six months ago and removed the hyacinth that sparkling water emerged,\" said Anyesha Dutta, a college student who resides in the locality.Over the past couple of decades, land sharks have unabashedly encroached on the lake and grabbed nearly half of it, reducing it from over 14 acre in the mid-70s to less than 8 acre now. Even when social workers Arjan Basu Roy and Mudar Patherya teamed up to clean the lake in two tranches, they encountered resistance and threats from toughs.\"The waterbody has shrunk over the years with land sharks using a crude method to claim parts of the lake. They first encroached on the bank and set up garages. That blocked off the lake's view, allowing them to dump garbage, rubbish and construction debris at night. Most of the buildings that have come up around the jheel are illegal. With 1 cottah fetching Rs 50 lakh, the incentive to grab the lake was high. Our clean-up drive obviously went against their interest and they tried several tricks to force us to abandon it,\" said Basu Roy, who runs NGO Nature Mates.But with the duo standing firm and local youths, citizens from the neighbourhood as well as South City complex backing them, the clean-up effort got underway in right earnest. \"The last time, we had cleaned 8-9 acre to the north of Gholam Mohammad Shah Road. Then, 25 men were employed to clean the hyacinth. This time, we employed a dozen men and had to use a backhoe pay-loader to clear the debris from the waterbody,\" said Patherya.While road construction company Quippo helped by providing the earthmoving equipment free of cost, South City residents contributed over Rs 1 lakh. Twenty-five youths from the local Bikramgarh Boys' Club also pitched in. \"Once they took the initiative, there was help galore. Unless locals take interest and maintain the lake, it will again decay,\" conceded resident Dipak Bhattacharya, who is part of Bikramgarh Jheel Banchao Committee.To sustain the jheel's pristine nature, Patherya suggests that it be put into use. He proposed that boating be introduced by the local club and even agreed to fund two paddleboats.Basu Roy and Bhattacharya are now banking on chief minister Mamata Banerjee . They had heard that the CM's office had responded to the initial clean-up drive by proposing an improvement project worth Rs 1 crore. \"The proposal is to demarcate the jheel with logs along the banks, create a walkway all around and beautify the banks with shrubs, flowering plants and garden lights,\" said Borough 10 chairman Tapan Dasgupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17185871", "title": "Yashwant Sinha dares JMM to make 'pact' public", "text": "BOKARO: The BJP on Sunday made it clear that nor the party neither any of its leader has entered into any agreement with ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) for running the coalition government on a rotation basis for 28 months.Former Union finance minister and Hazaribagh MP Yashwant Sinha has asked JMM chief Shibu Soren to make public the date, place and the name of the BJP leaders with whom he had made the power-sharing pact while forming the government.Witnessing the present situation when the JMM is threatening the BJP to give them a chance to rule the state reminding them the pact, Sinha said, \"It will be better for the BJP to come out of the government before pushing the state into political instability.\"Sinha asserted that the BJP was not a private limited company which could work out a deal with its alliance partners on the running of the government in a closed chamber. The BJP has a parliamentary board and without its permission no pact can be signed on formation of the government in any state.\"There is no power sharing pact held between the JMM and the BJP. Neither chief minister Arjun Munda nor senior BJP leader Raghuvar Das or he is in a level to take or give decision on the power sharing deal. Even national president Nitin Gadkari could also not permit this without taking the approval from the party parliamentary board,\" said Sinha. \"I had then asked the BJP leaders to make a written agreement on the conditions agreed with the JMM for formation of the government, but in vain. If the agreement is mentioned on paper, the situation wouldn't have arisen now.\"The MP said the BJP had joined hands with the JMM and the Ajsu to provide a stable government to the state. \"We don't want to run a government like a central government\". Sinha who was talking to mediapersons at Bokaro Niwas also came down heavily on the Congress government for allowing FDI on retail business.He said during the BJP-run government the Congress used to oppose bringing FDI in retail business saying it was an anti-national step. Then why after coming in government the same Congress has allowed FDI? BJP is not against foreign investment in other sectors, but they are only against allowing FDI in retail sector because it will bring unemployment and small businessmen in large numbers would suffer.\"Basically, there was no need to allow foreign investment in retail sectors. Without it also the residents are getting everything in market. BJP is against FDI in retail sector. The foreign companies coming here would first sell goods in chealer rates giving lucrative offers but later they will raise the prices of their products,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187480", "title": "Homoeopath inquiry after Diwali", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Council of Homoeopathy (MCH) has deferred its decision on Versova homoeopath Abdullah Momin in the Chougle sibling deaths until Diwali. The body has opted to settle a cluster of pending cases at once.Momin is facing an inquiry for having issued a death certificate for Rameez Chougle (26) saying he died naturally owing to gastroenteritis on July 4. It was later discovered that Rameez and his sister, Rehab, had both ingested the lethal poison aluminium phosphide.Momin was summoned before the council where he presented a lengthy defence in favour of his right to issue death certificates. MCH chairman Dr Bahubali Shah said, \"We needed to deliberate certain other matters within the same section of the Bombay Homoeopathy Act of 1959 and will call a decision after Diwali.\" On October 22, the HC had ruled that the medical council should suspend doctors convicted of violating the PC-PNDT Act.It directed the state medical council and the ayurveda and homoeopathic councils to punish doctors against whom charges have been framed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191904", "title": "Poonam Pandey\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s working Diwali", "text": "Poonam Pandey is busy shooting for her debut film Nasha and the bare all model has no time for the festival of lights.\"I am so tied up with work this year. I am shooting for Nasha and even on Diwali day we will be shooting,\" said Poonam.How will you celebrate Diwali with such a hectic to-do list? \"I have done bit of shopping and celebrated Diwali with my crew of Nasha . I am enjoying it,\" answered Poonam.\"We have having nice food on the sets, but miss home food,\" concluded the model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188066", "title": "Karnataka State Open University VC indicted for admission rule violation", "text": "MYSORE: The fact finding committee appointed by the UoM to probe into alleged nepotism by KS Rangappa, VC, Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) then as a member of the admission committee for the five-year integrated MSc (molecular biology) course at the Yuvaraja college has indicted him and recommended the UoM syndicate to take decision on the report.The allegation against Rangappa was that, he, as a member of the college admission committee violated admission rules. Rangappa, in order accommodate his son R Shobit, who had secured only 48% marks in PU examinations, reduced the minimum marks stipulated for admission to the MSc five-year course from 55% to 45%.The change was not notified in the newspapers. Also the college failed to give a chance to other students who had secured less than 55% and not applied as per the first notification.Rangappa's son had not only scored low marks, but also not cleared PU in the first attempt. He had written his supplementary examinations, and the results were not even out when the last date of receiving applications for the MSc course ended.The fact finding committee headed by syndicate member and joint director of education TN Prabhakar that has indicted the KSOU VC has sent a sealed cover to the UoM VC suggesting action against Rangappa. One of the members of the six member committee disclosed to TOI that the college admission committee has not only violated the admission rules by reducing minimum pass percentage of marks, it even failed to take concurrence of the academic council or UoM .\"Now it is left to the conjecture of UoM syndicate to take action against Rangappa for two reasons: Firstly, the student, Shobit, who took admission in 2006-07, has already completed the course (2011). Secondly, the number of students who sought admission was very less and this has been taken as defense by the members of the then admission committee,\" the member pointed out, adding that the committee's concern is violations should not become a precedent in the higher seats of learning. \"Irrespective of the prevailing conditions, one has to follow the rules,\" the member felt.Meanwhile, a PIL filed against Rangappa on various charges against him including the admission issue is pending before the high court and the court has issued notices to the government, Rangappa and UoM. Recently, reacting to a UoM Save Committee convenor KS Shivaram's filing of PIL, Rangappa had denied the allegation and said he was unaware of the UoM constituting a committee to probe the issue.Rangappa, an aspirant for the post of UoM VC, which will fall vacant next month suspected elements inimical to him spreading canards about him to slur his image. In addition to TN Prabhakar, other members included MLC Marithibbegowda, Susheelamma Sambashivaiah, Marshal Anos and Satyanarayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186841", "title": "Crustaceans in north Western Ghats, Pune hit by human activity", "text": "PUNE: Researchers from the University of Pune and Modern College have found that temporary rainwater pools or ephemeral water bodies on plateaus in Pune and north Western Ghats that harbour a variety of aquatic life are increasingly being affected by human activity.Smaller life forms like insects and crustaceans (invertebrate species with shells/outer coverings) found in these pools, some of which have evolved since over 200 million years ago, are declining in numbers as they are losing their habitat.According to researchers, this decline can be attributed to pollution of these habitats, the depressions being filled with debris, or a complete loss of such places to urbanised dwellings. This decline in numbers is seen in Pune and nearby areas like the Kas plateau, Panchgani, Radhanagiri and Koyna, Mahabaleshwar and some places in Kolhapur. These species are also found in water tanks in old forts.Among crustaceans, cladocerans (water fleas), clam shrimps, anostracans (fairy shrimps) and notostracans (tadpole shrimps) are present in abundance in these water pools. Tadpole shrimps or Triops are an excellent example of living fossils that have evolved since over 200 million years ago \u00e2\u20ac\u201d during the time of dinosaurs and trilobites (invertebrate animals that became extinct long back). Triops have witnessed the mass extinction of these species, the researchers said.Hemant Ghate, head of the zoology department at Modern College, Kalpana Pai, associate professor at the zoology department in the University of Pune, and Sameer Padhye, a PhD student at the university, are working on the project to study the biodiversity of the crustacean group in Pune and north Western Ghats.Ghate told TOI some of these crustaceans are habitat-specific and specialised to survive only in temporary rainwater pools. If their habitat is lost, these endemic species (geographically restricted to the area) will be lost as well.\"These ecosystems are unique because they are mainly filled by rainwater. These are also some of the more persistent and oldest freshwater habitats worldwide. Water levels are constantly changing along with temperature and salinity of water. With such fluctuating environmental conditions, the tadpole shrimps have evolved and adapted to this stressful environment. Their study is important to know about the process of evolution and adaptation,\" Ghate said.He said that in the 1970s, hundreds of these crustaceans were found at a time at Kas plateau. At present, one can see at the most 20. Pollution of these water bodies is the main concern. He said the water pools are used by locals for domestic purposes, bathing cattle and dumping waste and plastic, 'nirmalya' after a festival.Similarly, the area housing Dahanukar Colony in the city had nearly 40 pools that had crustaceans in abundance, before the colony came up. These were once hot areas for frog-breeding as well. Similarly, a pond (actually an abandoned stone quarry) in Talegaon that had a good population of tadpole shrimps was filled up for construction. The stone quarry on Pashan Road and a pond on the NCL campus no longer exist, he said.The number of crustaceans found in natural ponds near Alandi, two water bodies on the road to Khadki and the pond inside University of Pune have also dropped.\"We have lost around 85 of the 100-odd ponds and temporary pools in the city. Amphibians do not breed in the remaining pools,'' Ghate said.Padhye said the other concern is introduction of fish in these ponds. For example, guppy fish have been introduced in the newly created ponds in Panchgani. Crustaceans prefer temporary rainwater pools devoid of predatory fish. As a result, no crustaceans are found here, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187309", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u212284 riots: Protesters want \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcleaders\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 out by Nov 19", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another round of protest related to the 1984 anti-Sikh riots was staged at Jantar Mantar on Sunday, this one by the National 1984 Victim's Justice and Welfare Society. A group of about 50 had gathered and effigies of Jagdish Tytler , Sajjan Kumar and Kamal Nath were set on fire. The protesters want the three to be expelled from Congress by November 19, Indira Gandhi's birth anniversary. They threatened of drastic measures if their demand was not met. There may even be another dharna at 10 Janpath.\"We as a community are ready for more sacrifice,\" says Babu Singh Dukhiya, president of the society. There have been a number of similar protests over the last couple of weeks. Jarnail Singh's Justice Campaign displayed photographs of the 1984 riots at eight different locations in the capital including several gurdwaras and Delhi University. The exhibition, the first ever on the 1984 riots, had started at Jallianwala Bagh.On Saturday, November 10, the Sikh Forum organized a \"People's Court\" on the subject. \"I think it's time all of us got together. It's been 28 years and there's been no action. It's not just the riots. There are so many other charges against these but they haven't even been expelled from the party,\" says Kulpreet Kaur. Most participants of the Sunday protest came from Tilak Vihar, Tilak Nagar and other parts of West Delhi.Kaur was nearly 11 in October 1984. \"Our house was burnt down,\" she says. \"We lived in Janakpuri and my father was a well-known contractor. We had two houses in the same area . The mob first burnt the one we had recently vacated and came to the one where we were living. Our neighbour, a colonel, saved us,\" recalls Kaur. She and her brother were handed Rs10,000 each by her father in case they are forced to stay on the run. \"We left Delhi by mid -November. My father took us to Khanna, near Ludhiana, where we have many relatives,\" she adds.Milap Singh, well into his 80s, spoke of the killing of his four sons. \"We are not the only ones with kids. They have kids too. How could they do this?\" he asks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187837", "title": "Queries for housing goes up ahead of Diwali", "text": "GURGAON: This festive season, investors are flocking Gurgaon to book flats in upcoming sectors, particularly around Dwarka Expressway.Many developers have launched special schemes to attract those who wait for Diwali to invest in a housing project. Builders say, they are seeing an upward swing in demand.Cashing in on the investors interest, over 30 new project have been launched in and around Gurgaon. The builders are expecting more than 50% booking only on account of Diwali.\"During this festive season there is an increment of 50% in overall inquiries. The festive season is the auspicious time when most of the people tend to work on their investment plans,\" said ,Brijesh Bhanote, director, sale and marketing, 3C Company.The core investors group in Gurgaon continue to be high-net-worth individuals (HNIs) and non-resident Indians (NRIs) who are hunting for the big brand projects.Jagadish Nangineni, regional head - NCR, Sobha Developers , said, \"We are seeing an increasing number of inquiries from HNIs and NRIs. The response for our project has been steadily increasing with the progress on the ground. Diwali season sees better inquiries and booking.\"From the first week of November, the number of queries has gone up. Nikhil Jain, CEO, Ramprastha Group, said his firm is receiving 500 inquiries every day. \"Queries for purchase of home during this festive season is higher than last year. We had launched Primera at Sector 37D on Dwarka Expressway during Navratra and have received an overwhelming response,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17186833", "title": "App to pick music for heart as you work out", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have designed a new \"Musical Heart\" that enables your smartphone to select music to get your heart pumping during workout.The biofeedback-based system developed by a University of Virginia graduate researcher helps smartphones select music that will help get their owners' heart pumping during exercise and slow it down when they want to cool down or relax.\"Whether I am driving, jogging, travelling or relaxing - I never find the appropriate music to listen to,\" said Shahriar Nirjon, a doctoral student in computer science in the School of Engineering and Applied Science. \"I believe there are many like me. The problem is: The heart wants to hear something, but our music player does not understand the need. My joy was in connecting them together - in a non-invasive and cost-effective way,\" Nirjon said.Musical Heart works by merging a microphone that detects the pulse in arteries in the ear with earphones that bring in music from a playlist on a smartphone.An app selects tunes that optimize the heart rate of the user based on a given activity, playing fast-paced music for hard workouts, and slowing the beat for cool-downs. An algorithm refines the selection process of the system by storing heart rate data and calculating the effects of selected music on the rate. Over time, it improves music selections to optimize the user's heart rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17188057", "title": "Smoke from field fires can travel up to 1,000km: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Plumes of smoke and pollutants rising from the burning fields of north India can spread through the air to places as much as 1,000km away, cause persistent fog over the region and could even be playing a part in depressing rice yields, various scientific studies on the phenomenon have found.The fires that raged through Punjab since the last week of October \u00e2\u20ac\u201d deliberately caused by farmers to clear paddy stubbles and ready the fields for the rabi crop \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were seen as a major cause of the 11-day spell of dense smog in the capital and surrounding areas. Biomass-burning is rampant, practiced in around 90% of Punjab's paddy fields, and has continued unabated for decades despite its obvious role in emitting greenhouse and a toxic mix of gases, and destroying soil nutrients.The practice has been studied by atmospheric and earth scientists for more than a decade and many of these have thrown up more grim facts. A 2009 study by KVS Badarinath of Indian Remote Sensing Centre and others reported that aerosols and trace gases from crop-burning in north India had been found over Hyderabad and Arabian Sea.\"Particles from these fires can travel up to 1,000km,\" said Prof SN Tripathi of IIT Kanpur's chemical engineering department. \"While smoke plumes usually clear out in a week's time, and particles rise higher in the atmosphere and can 'burn' clouds.\"Fires from biomass burning are also a major cause of winter fog in north India as suspended pollutants attract moisture. \"We have found a direct link between fires and winter fog in north India,\" said Dr MM Sarin, senior professor of geosciences at Ahmedabad's Physical Research Laboratory.Sarin's team also found that biomass emissions contain a preponderance of organic carbon, a class of sticky particulates whose properties are different from soot, or black carbon. The proportion of black carbon \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which absorb heat and light, and were linked to glacier melting \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was earlier thought to be higher in these emissions.\"Our studies also found another class of possible carcinogenic compounds called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the biomass emissions,\" Sarin said.In another paper published last year, Tripathi's team showed that once fog forms over north India, it gives rise to more particles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d called secondary organic aerosols \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which become seeds for more fog. \"This becomes a vicious cycle and explains why winter fog persists for so long,\" he said.Given the scale of burning across north India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an estimated 17 million tonnes of paddy stubble is set afire in Punjab alone \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one study has indirectly linked the practice to slowing growth rate of rice yields. In a paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (USA), Maximilian Auffhammer of UC-Berkeley and others used statistical models to show that a joint reduction in brown haze (partly caused by biomass burning) and greenhouse gases would result in a rise in rice harvests.The results imply that adverse climate changes due to the winter brown haze and the rise in greenhouse gases have contributed to a slowdown in growth rate of rice yields in the past two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai/nashik", "code": "17187669", "title": "Bee attack: Trekker falls to death, 4 of his friends injured", "text": "MUMBAI/NASHIK: A bee attack led to the death of a Mulund resident, Sandeep Patade (30), who was trekking with four friends at Dangya pinnacle in Igatpuri on Saturday.The group of five (all Mumbaikars) was on its way down from Dangya when a swarm of bees laid seige. In the panic that ensued, Patade rolled down the cliff and fell to his death while others suffered minor injuries. One of the group members then called an acquaintance in Mumbai who sent volunteers of Vainateya Giriyarohan, one of the oldest adventure groups in Nashik, to the accident spot. They recovered Patade's body and rescued the others-Sanjay Lokare, Rahul Meshram, Sudarashan Mal gudkar and Sumesh Dhamale. The four friends returned to Mumbai on Sunday evening along with Patade's body.Dayanand Koli of Vainateya said the five Mumbaikars used to meet on weekends and scale heights under the name of Havshi Giryarohak, which is not a registered trekkers' group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17185810", "title": "Comeback queen Sharapova reflects on emotional year", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Delhi swooned and sighed in Maria Sharapova's presence on Sunday, the tennis beauty chose the occasion to indulge in some nostalgia, reminding everyone that her spectacular on-court success this year has come on the back of some extremely trying times.The world was at Maria Sharapova's feet at the start of 2008 before it slowly started to come crashing down. Sharapova won her third Grand Slam title at the Australian Open and rose to World No. 1 but it was too good to last.The rotator cuff injury in her shoulder flared up and a subsequent surgery sidelined her for nearly a year. Fast forward to November 2012, and Sharapova has completed a career Grand Slam, winning the French Open crown, a silver medal at the London Olympics and ending the year as World No. 2 behind Victoria Azarenka .\"Winning the French Open this year was extra special,\" Sharapova said here on Sunday. \"I was out injured for nearly a year. Coming back from such a situation gives a different perspective about how to get into winning positions and how hard it is to convert them.\"Sharapova made her professional debut at the age of just 14 in 2001 and won the Wimbledon title three years later - becoming the third-youngest woman to win the crown at the All-England Club.\"I started at such a young age and everything was going for me. When something is taken away from you, something that you love very much, sometimes it is becomes difficult to understand why it happened.\"I was only 21 when I had a shoulder surgery, which was very unusual for a tennis player. I heard very few players have come back from such a serious injury, so this has been a very emotional year for me,\" Sharapova, who announced her association with infrastructure company Homestead, said.Sharapova was the third-highest earning tennis player behind only Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal , with her 2011 earning tallying $25 million. That doesn't mean Sharapova has forgotten her modest roots.Born in Nyagan, Russia , her parents Yuri and Elena moved to Sochi concerned about the after-effects of 1986 Chernobyl incident. After picking up a racket at the age of just four, Sharapova was sent to Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Florida at the age of seven. Her father went through various low-paying jobs trying to support her dreams.\"I grew up in a very normal family. In fact my mother was still a student when she gave birth to me. It was a big decision for them to move to US and they worked really hard to make it work. They were never afraid to give me what I needed. They have helped me every step of the way in becoming what I am today,\" Sharapova reminisces.The Russian has already completed 11 years in her professional career and is already a veteran on the WTA circuit. \"I know I am somewhere in the middle of the generation, the new crop of players are slowly coming up. I am still quite young and have got a few years ahead of me but a new bunch will be here for the next 5-10 years,\" Sharapova, who became the first Russian woman flagbearer in the opening ceremony of the London Olympics, said.She also had a word of praise for Indian tennis star Sania Mirza , supporting the Hyderabadi girl's decision to concentrate on doubles. \"This sport is so physical and takes out so much energy both physically and mentally. She has had so much success on the doubles court and when you play both singles and doubles, it takes a lot out of you. When I faced her in 2005, I thought she was an incredible talent.\"Sharapova's off-court dalliances include modelling assignment, so the inevitable question was whether she had Bollywood aspirations! \"I don't have the time to act in Bollywood. I barely had the time to come to India. In saying that, if I do have the time in future, I am not sure that I'll act in Bollywood because I have other interests,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186069", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan favours plan to rob Vidarbha, Marathwada", "text": "NAGPUR: Yet more trouble is brewing for the backward region of Vidarbha, as the powerful Western Maharashtra lobby has persuaded chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to consider the taluka as unit for calculating the backlog, instead of the district.Chavan was in Pune on Saturday to attend a symposium on various aspects of legislative council. State assembly speaker Dilip Walse-Patil urged the CM to consider the taluka as the basic unit and extolled the benefits of this methodology. The CM said in his speech that he fully agreed with Walse-Patil and the government would now calculate the backlog on the basis of talukas.This has caused disquiet among leaders in Vidarbha. MLA Devendra Fadnavis has slammed the CM's decision and said that his party won't allow the government to implement this unjust formula. \"In 2001, the then governor PC Alexander was devising a formula to remove the backlog of backward regions of the state. Many leaders of Western Maharashtra tried to pressurize him to accept taluka as the basic unit for calculation of backlog. However, Alexander refused, noting in his order that if this was done the backlog of Vidarbha and Marathwada would never be removed,\" Fadnavis pointed out.The MLA alleged that pressure was being exerted on members of Kelkar committee to make taluka the unit for backlog calculation. \"If the committee recommends a formula that is patently unjust to Vidarbha then we will burn copies of the report in the Vidhan Bhavan,\" he warned.Fadnavis further pointed out that the CM's announcement was anti-constitutional. \"The development imbalance of various regions of a state has been defined in Article 371(2) of Indian Constitution. Under this formula, the state has been defined into three regions - Vidarbha, Marathwada and Rest of Maharashtra. District is the unit for calculation of backlog and not the taluka,\" he said, asking why should Vidarbha and Marathwada pay for the injustice done to drought prone talukas of Western Maharashtra by the nearby affluent ones.Backlog expert Madhukar Kimmatkar has also termed the announcement as unfortunate and said that it will keep Vidarbha backward.A senior government officer said that politicians of Western Maharashtra were desperate because if the district was considered as the unit then their region would not get any funds for backlog removal. \"The districts as a whole are far more developed than most districts of Vidarbha and Marathwada. However, there are some talukas which are not well developed. So, if taluka is considered as the unit then their region will get some funds. Obviously, this will come at the cost of Vidarbha and Marathwada,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186806", "title": "Stay clear of adulterated sweets and food, advises Food and Drugs Administration", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has initiated a multi-pronged approach to prevent adulteration of sweets during Diwali. The officials have also shared a few tips to distinguish adulteration, especially in spices, ghee and other ingredients.\"Public generally is not optimally aware of adulteration and the ways in which items of consumption are laced with harmful additives, either to enhance its shelf-life or to give it more volume. We want people to apprise themselves about simple measures to detect adulteration,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.The officials have already started conducting random inspections and on-the-spot tests to check quality of milk and milk products such as khoya, besides other ingredients used in making sweetmeat such as rawa, maida and other flours.\"A few drops of tincture of iodine can test the quality of khoya. If it turns bluish, it is adulterated. Sulphuric acid also rule out adulteration,\" Kekare said.Adulteration causes serious risk to health. Presence of harmful starch, urea-mixed milk, caustic soda, 'ararot', artificial sweetening chemicals, non-approved colored sweets (such as heavy metals incorporated malachite green, etc) and unhygienic conditions lead to acute gastritis, serious diarrhoea, dysentery, dehydration, kidney inflammation, etc.Do you know that mustard seeds you casually throw-in in many food preparations may pose a potential danger to your limbs and eye sight, if they are not genuine?\"Closely resembling mustard seeds are the seeds of argemone plant (yellow 'dhatura'). These seeds are often used to adulterate mustard seeds as they are much cheaper and grow wild. The argemone seeds cause swelling of limbs in a large number of people (epidemic dropsy). They also cause glaucoma (severe pain in the eye and loss of sight),\" said an official from the State Public Health Laboratory (SPHL).Distinguishing mustard seed from argemone seed is simple. Mustard seed have a smooth surface while the argemone seeds have grainy and rough surface and are pointed at one end.Silver foil ('varakh') used for decorating sweets and tobacco has become the latest target for adulteration, especially during festivals. The thin foil found at sweet and tobacco shops is not always silver foil but aluminium, the consumption of which can pose serious health problems.\"How delighted we are to see the foil shining on 'mithai' and 'pan'. But, on analysis in the public health laboratory, we often found it to be aluminium,\" said the official.According to the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, silver foil with a purity of 99.9% can be used in edible form. Aluminium foil is whitish gray in colour and is readily soluble in concentrated hydrochloric acid while silver foil is not. Knowing this simple thing can avert unhealthy impact on body.Sharing the view, S S Desai, assistant commissioner of Food and Drug Administration (FDA), said, \"Milk is commonly adulterated with water or the extraction of fat. Butter and ghee are adulterated with vanaspati, tallow or animal fat. Edible oil is adulterated with mineral oil, transformer oil, argemone oil or used lubricating oil. Dried seeds of papaya fruit are mixed with pepper. Cheap yellow oxide of lead is mixed with turmeric powder. Brick powder and coloured saw dust are added to chilly powder.\"Grass weeds coated with charcoal dust are substituted for 'shahazeera'. Saffron is adulterated with dyed tendrils of maize cob. 'Pithi sakhar' is adulterated with washing soda.\"It is often observed that some people suffer from paralysis of the limbs. There may be many causes for this and one of the causes may be consumption of 'papads', 'bhajis', 'farsan' and other 'besan' and 'dal' preparations made from 'lakh' or 'lang dal'. This 'dal' contains poison and causes spastic paralysis of the lower limbs. Unscrupulous vendors often mix it with 'tur' or 'gram dal' or sell 'besan' made out of 'lakh dal'. The sale of this 'dal' is prohibited,\" said another official from the SPHL.Housewives can use a simple test to detect this adulteration at home.\"'Kesari dal' has edged-type appearance with a slant on one side and square appearance in contrast to almost evenly rounded 'tur dal'. Add 50 ml of diluted hydrochloric acid to the sample and keep on simmering water for about 15 minutes. If 'kesari' or 'lakhi dal' is present, a pink colour will be developed,\" the official said.Detect adulterants in your food items* Tea: Wet a white blotting paper with water and sprinkle tea powder on it. If yellow, red or orange spots are seen on the paper, it indicates that the tea has been coloured with artificial colours* Hing (asafoetida): In its pure form, 'hing' would dissolve and form a milky white solution in water. It burns with a flame", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187802", "title": "Stroke ahead of the rest", "text": "At a time when the educational system is drawing ire for not equipping students to deal with general reality, Little Flower Public School in the city has been quietly equipping their students with an important life skill.For almost two decades now, the school has made it compulsory for students of Class IV to join swimming classes.The move is rather commendable as the school doesn't have a pool of its own. They have to hire a pool in Vijayanagar and retain coaches who are not part of the faculty to train these children.Understanding that they might meet with resistance over a seemingly enforced rule, the school gives swimming lessons a trial run at the beginning of the academic year. For two weeks, every fourth grader is required to attend swimming lessons. If at the end of that time span, the children or their parents are dissatisfied, they can discontinue lessons. Needless to say, more than 80% of students are enthusiastic about it.After the initial period, swimming lessons pretty much become part of the curriculum for these students. They are at the pool at least twice a week (or for a duration of six periods). Children are transported to and from the venue in a bus that is provided by the school; and they are accompanied by teachers.After graduating from Class IV, students can continue to attend lessons. Called the advanced course, it is held at the same place, though for anyone who is not in Class IV, classes are held over the weekend. The same applies to any child who is yet to get to Class IV, but wants to learn swimming. However, the school is clear that very young children are not encouraged to participate.It's easy to dismiss the school's proactive stance on teaching swimming as a life skill, but it's such classes that pave the way for a student's future.Take the case of Sharath Gayakwad. A physically impaired child, he participated in swimming lessons at Little Flower Public School in 2000, when he was in Class IV. Today, he is the Asian record holder for the 50m butterfly and 50m breaststroke events. He was also the first Indian para-swimmer to participate at the recently concluded Paralympic Games in London .The school also boasts of national-level champion Shilpa Shree T of Class X. She has participated in several south zone and state-level meets. She was part of the water polo Karnataka team at National Games 2011, Ranchi, Jharkhand. Says Shilpa, \"I first learnt swimming in Class IV. My brother, too, learnt swimming at the same school.\"(If there's a practice in your school worth emulating, send us an email about it to: nie.editorial@gmail.com )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17192290", "title": "Adulterated mava seized, factory owner held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Think of mawa and the image it conjures up is the grainy white substance made of milk which gives sweets their melt-in-the-mouth taste. However, the substance found by cops and health officials during a raid at a unit on Odhav-Singarva Road did not remotely resemble this definition.The 2,000 kilograms of concoction found by the cops was made out of vegetable ghee, palm oil, milk powder and custard powder. Police has arrested the unit proprietor and launched a manhunt for the other people involved in the scam.According to city police officials, a team of Sector II police led by additional commissioner of police Siddharajsinh Bhati got a tip-off that a unit was producing spurious mawa and supplying it to various sweetmeat shops in the city ahead of the Diwali festivities. Working on this information, a team raided Shubh Estate on Singarva road on Saturday evening and seized the stock. This police action lead the workers and managing staff to flee from the spot. Police however managed to round up Vijay Patel, owner of the unit.\"We got to know that the concoction was made out of various substances mixed up and heated at a certain temperature to give it a desired texture and look. The substance was then packed as Ambika Barfi in packets of 30 kilograms that was then supplied to various sweet manufacturing units in the city. The unit owners chose the name of a defunct dairy from the same area,\" said a Sector II striking force official. A kilogram of such mawa was manufactured at price of Rs 80 and sold at Rs 250.A team of health and food and drugs departments also accompanied police in the operation and collected samples to look into the harmful substances. These departments will now get the names of the shops using fake mawa, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "17186542", "title": "Manassero clinches Singapore Open in play-off", "text": "SINGAPORE: It seemed Matteo Manassero and Louis Oosthuizen could be on the 18th hole till they die. After a huge struggle for almost an hour in which they played the final hole three times, it was Manassero who was the last man standing at the Barclays Singapore Open organised by World Sport Group.Midway through the marathon fourth day when he had to play 30 holes (nine from the third), it seemed Manassero would be walking away to glory. Leading by three shots, he had it well covered, but the heat and humidity of Singapore started taking its toll on the 19-year-old. And the 2010 British Open champion Oosthuizen brought his experience into play, working his way back into the contest.A birdie on the five-par 18th left the South African 13-under and the faltering Manassero had to do the same when his turn came on the final hole. But the Italian showed his grit to stay alive with 13-under-par 271 and the contest went into sudden-death. Both birdied in the first play-off and when it came to the second, Manassero started looking nervy.He barely managed a par and the title was almost there for Oosthuizen He had a five-foot par to make to get a birdie but the South African couldn't believe it when the ball just missed the hole. Back to scratch yet again and it had to be an eagle for the Italian to become the youngest ever Singapore Open champion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17186895", "title": "Police yet to make any arrest in Mettupalayam violence", "text": "COIMBATORE: The assault on senior RSS functionary in Mettupalayam earlier this week which triggered a series of violent protests in the region continues to baffle the police as no arrests have been made in the incident after it occurred late Tuesday evening.Coimbatore rural police are probing the incident to ascertain the motive behind the assault. However, apart from the initial probe, the police are yet to make any major headway in the case. \"We are probing all possible angles and are interrogating people related to him to ascertain the motive behind the assault. Since it is a sensitive case we are giving it top priority at the moment,\" said ES Uma, Superintendent of Police, Coimbatore (Rural).A special investigation team with Mettupalayam inspector Ravikumar has been formed to crack the case. Right wing Hindu outfits had claimed that the attack was the latest in a series of planned moves to target their senior leaders in the state. Normal life was disrupted in Mettupalayam on Wednesday as violent protest demonstrations and multiple incidents of stone pelting at government buses were reported from Mettupalayam and neighbouring areas. A government bus was also set ablaze at Mettupalayam bus stand within a few hours after S Anand was attacked.Two motorcycle borne men had attacked Anand, District Secretary of Tirupur unit of RSs with iron rods causing severe fracture injuries on his jaw and skull. He is undergoing treatment at a private hospital on Mettupalayam Road in Coimbatore. Though he was reported to be in serious condition on Tuesday night, Anand showed signs of improvement and was shifted to the special ward later on Wednesday. He was having difficulty in speaking as his jaw was completely broken making it difficult for the police to get his initial statements.\"We were told that his condition will improve within three to four days and our men will conduct an elaborate probe then,\" Uma added.Police are also probing whether the assault was a result of any personal enmity. A massive protest was organised at Mettupalayam bus stand on Thursday evening which was attended by senior leaders from right wing Hindu outfits and supporters in the regio", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187908", "title": "Realty sector booms with launch of housing projects in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The surge in real estate market on account of festive season has led to launch of new housing projects in Gurgaon.\"The bookings for new projects are encouraging,\" said Sanjay Sharma, MD of Qubrex, a real estate consultancy. The improvement in demand has also pushed up prices in some of the new sectors. \"For instance, a big developer's project in sector 104 started of at Rs 5350 per square feet. Now, the same property is going at Rs 7000 per square feet,\" he said.He added that the prevailing high cost of property in Gurgaon contributes to the investors' interest in new projects. \"Fresh booking involves low investment, between Rs 10 lakh to 20 lakh depending of the project. The payment is construction linked and it suits the investors,\" said Sharma.The real estate industry has also seen low absorption rate in the city. \"The new sectors of south Gurgaon (Sec 58 to 75 &amp; 79 excluding 74 A&amp; 75A), have seen a drop in absorption by 47% year to year. Likewise, in new Gurgaon (excluding NH-8 Manesar), the drop in absorption has been 31% year to year,\" said Samir Jasuja, CEO, PropEquity.Around Dwarka Expressway, new launches have increased by 74% year to year while absorption has increased only by 12%. \"This indicates that demand is lagging supply,\" said Jasuja. ,\"One growth corridor which has bucked this trend in Gurgaon has been Dharuhera where new launches have dipped by 85% but absorption has increased by 27%. This trend is promising,\" he added.Apart from the festive season, Jain says, the recent reduction in home loan interest rates has wooed more investors. \"The reduction of home loan has played a role in changing the market scenario. Now, more buyers are booking in fresh launches,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188030", "title": "Brazenness of decisions inherent to political governance in India", "text": "Comptroller and auditor general Vinod Rai recently set the political arena ablaze by saying that he was appalled by the brazenness of government decisions. He did not elaborate which were those decisions, when were they taken and their effect on the people, country and its economy.Before and during the Emergency, government decisions were inscrutable. They were taken as inviolable diktat because of the rasping repercussions it entailed to those bravehearts who opposed them publicly. This mindset allowed the political class to be brazen about decisions.Post-Emergency, public scrutiny of government decisions gained currency but brazenness seldom exited the power corridors.A rag-tag political coalition in Janata Party came to power in 1977 mainly because its leaders served jail terms for raising their voice against excesses on people, But, could it prove anything against those who brazenly perpetrated the excesses on people?A prime minister was assassinated by her Sikh bodyguards. What followed was brazen and brutal mass murder of Sikhs on the streets of the national capital and other parts of the country. Thousands were slaughtered in cold blood leaving permanent scars on the entire community. After nearly three decades, the question remains: Who got punished for that brazen mayhem?Bofors scam was a political game-changer. On the plank of honesty and transparency, certain politicians toppled the ruling party but failed to prove anything for the next two decades about the brazenness in which bribes were paid in procuring one of the finest field guns for Indian Army. The CBI in its charge sheet gave details of what was going on then at 7, Race Course Road but could prove nothing during the trial, inviting judicial wrath.In 1993, those at the helm of a minority government brazenly bribed MPs to secure their votes on the floor of the House during a trust vote. The long arm of the law cast a shadow close to the then prime minister, but in the end did not touch him. The other conspirators also escaped.In the 21st century, the MPs fell back on an old method - taking money for asking questions on the floor of the House. The disqualification of a MP in the 1950s was no deterrent. As many as 11 MPs faced disqualification for their brazen \"cash-for-query\" professionalism, throwing parliamentary decorum and their responsibilities and duties as representatives of people to the wind.If these were political brazenness coupled with complicity from the bureaucracy and investigating agencies, there were instances of brazenness in other spheres of governance.The law allowed the government to acquire land for public purposes to build infrastructure, institutions and industries. But the 'public purpose\" clause has been brazenly invoked by authorities to acquire precious fertile agricultural land only to be re-categorized and transferred to realtors for personal gain, turning a blind eye to the plight of the poor farmers and also to its ill-effects on food grain production.Poverty and backwardness continues to haunt a large section of Indian society even 65 years after independence from colonial rule. Instead of laying out a proper strategy to alleviate poverty, the Planning Commission brazenly mocked at the poor by fixing the poverty line at Rs 32 per day. If you earn Rs 33 a day, then you are not poor!If one wants an example of brazenness in spending public funds to achieve zero result, then one need not look further than the Yamuna river. More than 18 years ago, the Supreme Court took over monitoring of steps taken by governments to make the river water potable.After three governments - Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana -spent more than Rs 5,000 crore in the last two decades, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) gave its verdict: Yamuna is a drain with not a single drop of fresh water as long as it flows in its 22 km stretch in Delhi.These are only a few of the appallingly brazen decisions and actions of the governments in the last couple of decades. This could be the reason why people in recent times have started leveling allegations brazenly against the political class.They have waited in vain for decades hoping against hope that the political class would fulfill the basic promise \"we the people\" made to ourselves - \"Justice, social, economic and political\". Why has the political class or the governments failed to ensure justice to people despite they empowering their representatives with every power under the Constitution?Probably, the political class has failed to strike a balance between power that is conferred on them and the intent to do justice. The situation reminds one of the famous saying of French mathematician, physicist and philosopher Blaise Pascal , who had said, \"Justice without power is inefficient; power without justice is tyranny... Justice and power must therefore be brought together so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186718", "title": "Boy crushed between 2 buses at Swargate stand", "text": "PUNE: A 10-year-old boy was crushed to death between two Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) buses at the Swargate terminus on Sunday morning. The boy's family was rushing to catch a bus to go to their home town in Bijapur for Diwali.The Swargate police have arrested the two bus-drivers, Madhukar Dixit (50) of Satara and Sahebrao Shende (52) of Baramati, on charges of negligence.The boy, Amol Bajantri, of Charholi, his mother, Lalita (31), sister Dhanashree (7), brother Hrishikesh (4) and uncle Mahesh (22) were boarding the Pune-Bijapur bus parked near platform number 10 at around 8.45 am. The other bus, which had arrived from Baramati, was parked perpendicular to the Bijapur-bound bus.Assistant police inspector Y J Kadam of the Swargate police station told TOI that the family rushed to the small space between the two buses to board the Bijapur-bound bus. \"Amol was walking behind his siblings, mother and uncle. Suddenly, the bus that had come from Baramati reversed, crushing Amol onto the Bijapur bus. The boy died on the spot due to severe head injuries,\" Kadam said.Mahesh and other commuters at the bus terminus took Amol to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead.Amol was a fifth standard student of a school in Charholi. His father works in a private company. Amol's body was sent to Bijapur after a post-mortem.The terminus was packed with commuters due to the Diwali festival. Swargate is the busiest of the three bus termini in the city. Nearly 1,800 buses leave from the terminus to various destinations in the state every day. MSRTC officials said they have already appointed a team of 25 supervisors to control the heavy rush of passengers at the Swargate terminus for Diwali. \"We have also deployed another 20 people to assist the supervisors. Despite this, we had an accident today,\" an official lamented.The MSRTC is running around 2,000 buses from Pune division during this holiday season. As many as 650 additonal buses leave from the Swargate terminus every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17188067", "title": "No free entry to Gandhi Park", "text": "SHIMOGA: The district administration has fixed entry fee for the renovated Gandhi Park in Shimoga. Fees for adults is Rs 5 and for children below 14 years it is Rs 2.According to deputy commissioner MV Vedamurthy, the money collected will be utilized for the maintenance and development of the park. He has also requested philanthropists to donate money for the development of the park, which has been renovated at a cost of Rs 9.5 crore. Many organizations and the public had demanded the district administration to make the entry to the park free.4 women robbed of gold chainsIn four separate cases, bike-borne youth robbed four women of their gold jewellery including mangalasutras in Shimoga on Saturday. The incidents took place when the women walking home. One of them had just purchased the jewellery from a shop. The total cost of the robbed items is Rs 3.85 lakh. Four cases have been registered in this regard.Chain snatching cases are on the rise in the city. A week ago DCM KS Eswarappa held a meeting of all police officials in Shimoga and warned them that he would initiate action if such incidents continued to happen. But despite this, cases are going on unabated. Police said they have been maintaining a strict vigil but the thieves are acting at lonely places in the dark. Additional SP C Basavaraj has urged women to be careful and cover their ornaments while walking alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187521", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTiny\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Tejas now big enough to be caged", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven months ago, Tejas was fed milk by a family which had taken him under its wing. Now, the cuddly cub has grown bigger and ferocious. He can no longer be petted, and has jaws strong enough to tear into raw flesh. After months of close supervision at the zoo hospital, Tejas has been finally shifted to an enclosure for public viewing.\"He was shifted to enclosure number nine last week. The enclosures have three more leopards,\" said zoo curator Riyaz Ahmad Khan. \"Visitors will now be able to view the cat, which had been under the care of the hospital staff since May,\" added Khan. The cub was brought to Delhi Zoo by a family from a UP village. The family had tended to the cub after it got separated from its mother and strayed into the village. Zoo officials have been working on its eating habits, familiarizing it with the new surroundings.Calling the transfer of the leopard to an enclosure a \"regular procedure\", Dr N Panneer Selvam, veterinary officer at the Zoo, said the cat had now adapted itself to the new surroundings. Though officials reported that the cat was healthy, it took a few days to step out in the open from the holding area.The keeper of Tejas said the the leopard did not eat properly for the first few days. \"This is a normal behaviour as the animal was unfamiliar with the surroundings,\" he said. Those who visited the zoo on Tuesday, however, were lucky to catch a glimpse of the feline, who stepped onto the outer enclosure after almost four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188010", "title": "Workshop helps kids hone skills", "text": "MYSORE: It was not another normal Sunday for 35 children who attended a personality development workshop here. To empower children personally, a private organization held the camp for their employee's children in 11-16 age group.Certified master trainers in Neuro Linguistic Programme M S Raghu and Chandrika Raghu were the resource persons. Activities, including those on creativity, were conducted to build their confidence level, understanding ability, enhancing concentration, meditation and memory. Students were also told about the stress busting powers of meditation.Speaking about the workshop, Raghu said: \"In schools, students do not get to learn these things. They are just spoon-fed with information. But our workshops will not only make them to look at the positive side of life, but also builds confidence in them.\" In schools and home, the students are not appreciated and applauded for the marks they secure, Raghu added.Aditi Ananth, VI Grade student of St Joseph School, said initially, she felt the workshop boring, and that it was like any other day at school. \"But as the workshop progressed, I got involved in interesting activities,\" she added.Anjana Prasanna, IX Grade student, said that the workshop was helpful. \"Here, I learnt that linking different things will not only help me remember things, but also enhances memory,\" Anjana added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186079", "title": "Engineer's body reaches home, kin demand probe", "text": "RANCHI: The body of marine engineer Vikas Ranjan, who died on board a cargo vessel of Essar Shipping off South Africa coast, reached Ranchi via Mumbai after 17 days.The engineer, in his early 20s, died under mysterious circumstances and his body was found in his cabin in the ship on October 25.Denying the claims of the shipping company that Ranjan committed suicide, the family members of the deceased said they think there is foul play in the death. \"The company has informed us that he committed suicide. We cannot accept that he committed suicide and would request for proper probe into the matter,\" said W Singh, elder brother of the deceased.Some of the friends of Ranjan and members of Jharkhand Seafarers Association have decided to lodge a complaint with the Union government and demand proper inquiry.A member of Jharkhand Seafarers Association, Kumar Devesh, said the association will file an application with the Union government and request for proper inquiry into the matter. \"We are sure that Ranjan has not committed suicide and if the case is investigated properly many hidden facts will come to light,\" said Devesh.Family members of Ranjan have decided not to cremate the body for at least another couple of days. \"We will keep the body in the morgue of a hospital and try to find if there is any provision in law which can ensure proper investigation. Till the time our queries are answered we will preserve the body as it may give some important evidence to the investigators,\" said Rajesh Kumar, a relative of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "st estevam", "code": "17186233", "title": "'Don't open St Estevam fort to tourists'", "text": "ST ESTEVAM: A discussion on the issue of bridges to link the island and construction on the newly-restored fort, among others, generated heat at the St Estevam gram sabha on Sunday.The meeting was chaired by the sarpanch and attended by the panch and gram sabha members. Villagers voiced their opinion against opening up the island to visitors by linking it with a new bridge.Lucas Rebetnnllo, a member, opposed any new construction on the St Estevam fort, which was restored last year by INTACH, to draw tourists to the island.\"If the fort is opened up to tourists, then we will not get to see the scenic beauty of our village.\" He also proposed that the widening of roads, either the main one or internal roads not be carried out. \"If internal roads are widened, then houses will have to be destroyed,\" he said. The members adopted his resolution.Artimissia Rangel, another member, said that no bridge linking Dauji to Tolto island should be allowed as it would destroy the pristine beauty of the island.Villagers agreed with her but said that a parallel bridge linking the island to Marcel was necessary as the old bridge was damaged and may collapse in the near future.Villagers also demanded that a library be set up, dustbins be provided at strategic points and the issue of garbage and sanitation be tackled by the panchayat. They asked for provision of toilets in village houses.A V Chodankar, a member, proposed that stray dogs and cattle be impounded by the panchayat. His resolution demanding action by the panchayat was also adopted at the meeting.Members also demanded that sand extraction activity be stopped in the village. \"Other panchayats have stopped sand extraction activity. Why only this panchayat has not stopped it till now?\" People demanded that action be taken against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17186378", "title": "Rakhi Sawant to file defamation suit against Digvijay Singh", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17190439", "title": "UGC grant of Rs.7 crore as development grant", "text": "COIMBATORE: Bharathiar University here would get Rs 7 crore from UGC as the instalment of development grant for the 11th plan period, its vice-chancellor Prof G James Pitchai said on Sunday.UGC has accepted and agreed to release the amount to complete the construction of the ladies hostel, infrastructure for sports, teaching and learning facility for differently abled and other programme, Pitchai said in a release here.The varsituy would spend Rs 2 crore in one year for the purchase of books and journals and common equipment under 12th Plan period, he said.The faculty have been asked to prepare a vision document for the University for the next 10 years with focus on research in various discipline with International Collaboration, Pitchai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186508", "title": "Fake journos held for assaulting doctor", "text": "CHENNAI: Five men, who assaulted a doctor in Thiruvottiyur after a failed bid to extort money from him, were arrested on Saturday. Police said the five men posing as journalists from a Tamil magazine sought an appointment with Venkateswaralu, 38, who runs a clinic at Sathyavani Muthu Nagar.The gang visited the clinic on Saturday morning. They claimed they had information to prove that Venkateswaralu was a quack and threatened him to expose this if he did not accept their demand. They demanded 5,000 be paid to each of them. The doctor, who initially thought they were journalists, was shocked at their demand. He refused to pay them money asserting that he was not a quack. Apparently enraged with the doctor's defiance, the gang assaulted him and left the place.Venkateswaralu lodged a complaint with Sathangadu police. Following the complaint, police arrested Kazim Basha, Ravikumar, Senthil, Mahesh and Ravi, all hailing from Thiruvottiyur. Preliminary investigations revealed that they had been threatening people in the similar manner in the locality.Police registered a case under IPC Sections 147 (punishment for rioting), 341(punishment for wrongful restraint), 294 (b) (verbal abuse), 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt), 384 (punishment for extortion), 506 (i) (punishment for criminal intimidation) against the accused. They have remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187728", "title": "Drains, Mithi to be widened in another 3 years: Civic body", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body has said that Mumbai's storm water drains will be widened and deepened by 2015, as will be the city's most abused river, Mithi. The cost of the venture, in the end, will come to about Rs 3,900 crore.Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte said that, through the BRIMSTOWAD project, the BMC is quadrupling the holding capacity of storm water drains and supporting that with pumping stations to prevent a repeat of the 2005 floods. \"We have planned for a rainfall of 50mm/hour and runoff coefficient of 1, as recommended by the Madhav Chitale fact-finding committee. But there will be days when it rains more; no system can be calibrated to take care of all eventualities,\" Kunte added.The civic chief said pumping stations are being constructed in two phases. \"The Irla and Haji Ali pumping stations are complete, while work on Love Grove and Cleveland stations at Worli is underway. Tenders have been invited for the Britannia outfall pumping station. In case of three other stations (Gazder, Mahul and Mogra), there are land and environment issues that need to be resolved.\"But, according to hydraulics expert Madhav Chitale, the implementation of BRIMSTOWAD is the least required to protect Mumbai, which is now a risk-prone zone from \"hydrological point of view\". \"Mumbai needs a three-way approach. It has to be probabilistic and not deterministic. BRIMSTOWAD is a deterministic approach,\" he said.Chitale pointed out that his report had recommended categorisation of flood-prone areas on the basis of the possibility of their flooding \"once in 10 years, 25 years, 100 years and above 100 years\"-also known as the river valley approach. In the first category, he said, residents must be asked to take compulsory insurance. Another step desperately needed is the preparation of a climatic model to determine rising sea levels. \"Orissa has done such a study. Mumbai must also study the impact of sea rise. There are 40 points where water from the city flows into the sea. Protection bunds need to be redesigned at these points.\"According to storm water drain department officials, of the 55 flooding-prone spots, inundation has been stopped in nine and reduced in six others, thanks to pumping stations. The Love Grove and Cleveland pumping stations will ensure there is no flooding in another nine spots, while Britannia, Gazder, Mahul and Mogra will stop flooding in yet another 24 places.Activists argue it is not enough to just widen and deepen nullahs and rivers. The city's open spaces must be saved since these act as holding ponds in case of floods.Rising concretisation of open spaces in housing and commercial complexes has increased the runoff, preventing water from percolating into the ground. Similarly, saltpan lands and mangroves along the coast must be protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188221", "title": "Owls fall a victimto superstition", "text": "PATNA: Driven by superstition, many people would go to any limit for personal gains, and for years innocent creatures unable to voice their protest have had to pay the price. Owls are one such creature - between Dussehra and Kali Puja, two barn owls were found injured in the city. Every year during this season, owls are found injured across the state.Dr Ajit Kumar, veterinary doctor, Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, said, \"During Dussehra, we found two injured owls, who had one wing damaged and did not eat or drink. In fact, one owl was found at the zoo gate itself.\" He added, \"This is not the first time it has happened. During this season, we find injured owls every year. Zoo workers say this has been happening for long.\"Asked about the reason, Dr Kumar said, \"People believe that sacrificing an owl or offering an owl's blood brings prosperity, hence they are found in an injured state mostly between Dussehra and Kali Puja.\" Owl is considered the vehicle of goddess Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth and prosperity.Navin Kumar, a member of the Indian Bird Conservation Network and deputy general manager, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation, said, \"Barn and spotted owls are found in abundance in Bihar. Since barn owl mostly lives near human habitat, it is an easy prey.\" Incidentally, hunting and trade in owls of all Indian species is banned under the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972.Baba Bhavya Nath of Mahavir Mandir, Patna Junction, said, \"Between the 11th and 14th centuries, many \"Vaam bhaagi\" techniques were popularized by \"tantriks\" among tribals and illiterate people. Sadly, many such superstitions continue even today.\" He added, \"The 'folk practice' of sacrificing owls for acquiring wealth and prosperity is not unheard of.\"Another superstition such as walking a tortoise in the room where coffer is kept is also considered to bring affluence during Diwali. Nath said, \"There are many other beliefs and tricks that involve use of different animals for personal gain. Social thinkers have protested such tricks but they just continue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186083", "title": "Who is paying for additional water worth 15crore?", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) Water Works Department has hiked water tariff twice within a span of seven months citing increase in operation and maintenance cost. But, the department has no explanation as to why it failed to raise bills for the additional 100 million litres per day (MLD) water being supplied from new Kanhan water treatment plant (WTP) for the last one year, causing a loss of around 15 crore. Now, questions are being raised whether the consumers are being charged extra to make up for this loss.Following the water tariff hike, chairman of NMC standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari had sought an explanation from the WWD. But, executive engineer Shashikant Hastak claimed that city's water tariff was reasonable as compared to a few towns, which are being supplied water by the Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran. The standing committee will take decision on the WWD's explanation later.According to the data available with the NMC, the WWD lifted 550 MLD water from the three sources available to it - Totladoh (Pench) reservoir, Kanhan river and Gorewada lake - till May 2011 and paid the Water Resources Department for the same. The WWD would charge consumers for less than 250 MLD, thereby incurring a loss of over 40 crore per year.Meanwhile, the Centre sanctioned projects worth over 1,600 crore for improving the water supply system in the city. Few projects like water leakage detection, water audit, energy audit and other infrastructure development were completed by spending crores. But no impact was seen on the billing.In May last year, the NMC constructed Kanhan WTP. This increased the water supply by 45-50 MLD by December. which is also the month when the NMC dedicated the plant to the public.The water supply has increased by 100-110 MLD since then. This means, the NMC is now lifting and paying for total 650 MLD water. The NMC's daily water supply data reveals that 630-640 MLD is being supplied to the city.Hastak told TOI that consumers were not charged for this additional 100 MLD water due to various factors.\"The billing is still below 250 MLD. The additional water supply could not be tapped due to lack of meters in the network and at many households. The NMC has engaged private operator Orange City Water Limited to replace the old network and install meters at every household under JNNURM. The billing would go up after completion of the project,\" he said. Thus, the financial loss for NMC increased by around 15 crore. Hastak couldn't give explanation whether the tariff was hiked to recover the loss incurred on supplying additional water.Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle told TOI that the WWD and the consultant should be held responsible for the loss. \"The water shortage problem has been solved to a great extent with additional water from Kanhan WTP but the WWD failed to convert it into billing,\" he said.Ex-corporator Vedprakash Arya said the increase in water tariff every year before completion of JNNURM projects is a conspiracy to benefit the private operator.\"Water losses may come down to 30% from the existing over 50% once all the projects are completed. The water supply will also increase by 225 MLD from two new plants - 110 MLD from Kanhan and 115 MLD from Godhni. If the water tariff is increased every year and the billing goes up, the revenue will increase drastically thus benefiting the private operator who will be paid R7.90 per unit or more for 25 years,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17187862", "title": "Hiremath welcomes apex court order", "text": "HUBLI: NCPNR founder president S R Hiremath and Jan Sangram Parishadh have welcomed the recent Supreme Court order that called for urgent and effective steps to recover the ill-gotten wealth of mining companies, transporters, traders and exporters by what the CEC called reckless and irresponsible mining.Hiremath said the organization members took part in the nationwide campaign on 'Moratorium on transfer of agricultural land for non-agricultural purpose,' held on November 3 and 4 at Sewagrama in Maharashtra. Around 50 leading activists, advocates, scientists from various parts of the country participated in the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188182", "title": "Young artists flaunt talent", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: About 400 young artists turned up for the 25th international painting competition organized by the Lions Club International District 318A at Kanakakkunnu Palace on Sunday for children belonging to 11-13 years age group.Sooryagayathri of Cotton Hill Girls' High School, Maneesha Prasad of Christ Nagar International School and Parvathi RS of Saraswathi Vidyalaya won the first, second and third prizes, respectively. Renowned sculptor Kanayi Kunhiraman gave away the cash awards, study tablets and certificates to the winners. In all, 25 students were given cash prizes apart from certificates, said the organizers.Earlier, noted artist BD Dathan inaugurated the painting competition and interacted with the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17186189", "title": "Multi-crore tourism projects get new locations", "text": "PANAJI: The Institute of Hotel Management and Catering Technology, proposed to be set up by the tourism department at a cost of 12 crore at Farmagudi has been shifted to another site in the same village.Likewise, the auditorium and convention centre, proposed to be set up at Campal, Panaji , by the tourism department at a cost of 5 crore has also been shifted to another site at Fatorda.Official sources said that the Institute of Hotel Management and Catering Technology, which has been approved by the central government, was proposed to be built on land belonging to the tourism department at Farmagudi. The temple authority of Gopal Ganapathi Saunstha and local people raised objections to the project stating that the holiness of the temple would be disturbed due to the cooking of non-vegetarian items.The government then decided to shift the project to the land belonging to the Goa Engineering College at Farmagudi. Accordingly, land has been transferred to the tourism department by the college. The consultant has prepared fresh drawings as per present site conditions and submitted it to the town and country planning department for approval. Tenders will be floated after approval of the TCP is received and a construction license is obtained from the village panchayat of Bandora.Sources in the tourism department also said that the auditorium and convention centre will have a conference hall, restaurants, exhibition hall, rooms, banquet hall and terrace garden.Originally, the project was supposed to be built on land belonging to the Bal Bhavan, Campal, Panaji. The Bal Bhavan authority had also given its NOC. Accordingly, drawings were prepared and submitted to the North Goa planning and development authority (NGPDA) for approval. The NGPDA rejected the proposal citing traffic problems at Campal.The tourism department has since decided to shift the project to its land at Fatorda. The consultant has also prepared the drawings according to the site conditions and these have been submitted to the South Goa planning and development authority for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188258", "title": "PMC gears up to getghats ready for Chhath", "text": "PATNA: In a bid to ensure that the Ganga ghats are clean before Chhath, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal has invited 20 establishments, including a few banks, to adopt various ghats.Readying the city's Ganga ghats for Chhath is proving to be a tough task for the PMC this year. The civic body has allotted over Rs 25 lakh to its Patna City circle, over Rs 9 lakh to the New Capital circle and more than Rs 10 lakh to the Bankipore circle to clean the ghats and make them fit for the festival.\"Apart from cleaning the ponds and the ghats, PMC would clear the roads leading to them and make proper lighting arrangements at the 72 ghats under the three circles of PMC, except the Kankarbagh circle,\" said Pal on Thursday.The establishments adopting the ghats would have to ensure six things. \"These establishments will have to arrange proper lighting on the roads leading to the ghats, set up a control room, a dressing room and sufficient number of lavatories near each of the ghats. They will also have to ensure proper supply of drinking water and garbage bins at the ghats. This year PMC workers will be deployed at the ghats to collect puja waste and other garbage from the garbage bins,\" said Pal.Expert swimmers would be deployed at the ghats and a watch would also be kept on the ghats from boats. Apart from the 72 identified ghats, there are many other ponds in the city where Chhath Puja is held and PMC would ensure cleanliness at such water bodies also.\"The clean-up drive at the ghats will be started in full swing. We are trying our best to provide spick and span ghats to the Chhath devotees. In the past three days, garbage has been lifted from several areas,\" Pal added.However, Chand Lal, a resident of Kidwaipuri, said, \"Last year, PMC was unable to clean the ghats on time and the locals had to work with them to expedite the work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187665", "title": "Jewellery flies off shelves as gold coins and bars take backseat on Dhanteras", "text": "MUMBAI: Buying sentiment shone bright at Dhanteras 2012 with Mumbaikars making sure to pick up gold jewellery or household articles as their means would allow.Reversing the trend of previous years, jewellery overtook bullion as people opted to buy wearable ornaments rather than \"lock down\" their money in coins and bars.This year the festival that marks the first day of Diwali fell on Sunday, prompting a leisurely boom in the city's shopping markets. Several buyers took delivery of their new cars while a few lucky ones chose to move into their new homes this day.Most people do buy a little something, often silver or steel vessels that are considered auspicious.Jewellers did brisk sales in ornaments, particularly during the evening mahurat from 5.30pm to 7.30pm. \"Across our 19 showrooms, ornaments have raced ahead of gold coins because buyers want to use the precious metal rather than stow it away unseen. Moreover, they are getting big discounts on making charges and can enjoy the value of their spend,\" said Kiran Dixit, spokesperson for TBZ-Shrikant Zaveri Group.An astute Siddhivinayak temple chose to auction reserve offerings of gold at Dhanteras.\"A total number of 44 items were sold that weighed a cumulative 310 gm. They fetched a sum of Rs 11.23 lakh. One devotee purchased a 50-gm gold biscuit for Rs 1.80 lakh and a 52-gm necklace for Rs 1.83 lakh,\" said deputy CEO Satish Mali. Scores of people took home their new cars this day. \"We are open only for deliveries on Sunday given that the showroom is closed for three days of Diwali. Twelve customers have taken delivery so far,\" said the manager of a Mercedes dealer in Kalina. The line of showrooms along Link Road in Andheri welcomed buyers who wished to make bookings as well. \"Twenty-five clients arrived for their Chevrolet cars on Sunday given that Dhanteras coincides with Sunday. They will need the vehicle over Diwali and children's school vacation,\" said Jitendra Chavan, manager of Ashtavinayak Motors on Veera Desai Road.Mid-level cars that run on diesel remain favourite buys this season. \"Buyers who had planned to spend Rs 8-9 lakh on high-end cars are opting for those that cost between Rs 4.5 lakh and Rs 6 lakh owing to inflation and the slowdown in the markets,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186149", "title": "Vidarbha paying for Congress leaders' pusillanimity", "text": "NAGPUR: As the Prithviraj Chavan-led Democratic Front government completes two years in office there is murmur of a likely cabinet reshuffle. Chavan has himself indicated that some changes may be effected possibly before the winter session of the state legislature beginning here on December 10. The rejig is aimed at having in place a government that can undo the damage suffered in last three years and get it fighting fit for 2014 when the state as well parliamentary elections are to be held.However, there is total despondency in the Congress camp in Vidarbha and most of its leaders feel that the region's continued neglect may continue. That the Congress is paying no heed to claims of its elected members, be it in the Centre or the state, became once again clear when city MP Vilas Muttemwar was given a cold shoulder on October 28 when probably the last reshuffle for UPA-II was carried out. Now the region has no Congress leader from Vidarbha in the cabinet.\"It's a one-way street. The love and faith of people for the Congress flows without ebb. But the party has stopped reciprocating in the last few years. This is mainly because the central leadership has been fed with the idea that only the Marathas and that too from western Maharashtra matter in the state and no other community has any voice,\" said a veteran Congress leader from the region. \"That the Congress leaders here are as pusillanimous as the generous but undemanding people could be another reason that they are taken for granted,\" he added.As a result as many as 700 communities, of OBC and scheduled tribes put together, have been kept away from power. None from these communities has ever been considered as head of the government or the party in the state.\"But this was not the case with first three generations of the Nehru-Gandhi family,\" the senior party leader explained. \"Nehru had a role in anointing Kannamwar as the chief minister of the state way back in 1962. Then during Indira Gandhi's regime Vasantrao Naik from Banjara community of Pusad got to head the state and he held on for 11 long years. Later during Rajiv Gandhi period Sudhanakar Naik was also given similar importance. The Naiks as also Sushil Kumar Shinde (who belongs to SC) proved that non-Marathas as head of the government could pull on very well and as during their leadership the Congress-led governments were re-elected,\" the Congress leader elaborated. Even at the Centre leaders like Vasant Sathe and NKP Salve got the importance they deserved at that time.\"But that golden era seems to have ended. In recent times no Vidarbha leader from the Congress is found fit to be given charge of important portfolios like finance , revenue, power or irrigation in the state. At the Centre now Vidarbha goes unrepresented. That four leaders from Nagpur have been given party positions is no consolation for the rest of Vidarbha where the feeling is gaining ground that development has been denied to the region as its leaders wield no political power in the government,\" said the veteran Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186597", "title": "No takers for Afghani crackers", "text": "JAIPUR: With branded and fancy firecrackers available, the traditional Shorgars (firework manufacturers) are a forgotten lot. They have quite become a part of the city's archive, which had a real rich heritage.\"The Shorgars migrated to Jaipur in 1941 from Afghanistan and the royals used to engage them in preparing fireworks for auspicious occasions like Diwali, marriage ceremonies and the Jaipur foundation day,\" recalled 65-year old Babu Bhai.They were provided accommodation by the royal families at various localities in Amber, he added.Recalling the golden era, he said, \"During the early 40s, my father was lauded by the Jaipur royal family when they gifted him a bicycle which was no less than a Mercedes during that era. We prepared fireworks which lasted for hours together. Non-stop glitz used to start on Dhanteras and end on Diwali night,\" recalled Babu bhai.The Shorgars usually showed their \"prowess\" at City Palace and Nahargarh. However, with the branded firecrackers available, craftsmanship is today passe more so as their products are expensive compared to that of the ones easily available these days. There used to be 50 Shorgar families till the late 80s, but these days, a few artisans are involved in making fireworks, including mudpot sparkles, hawaiyan and others. Spotting them is also a tough job these days as they have out of job and are doing something else to eke out a living. Take a walk down Hawa Mahal and you can spot Babu Bhai (nick name) as nobody knows him as Abdul. Despite all odds Babu Bhai was seen giving final touches to the king-size mud anaars (sparkles) and hawaiyans.TOI on Sunday spoke to him to find out how the rare art is disappearing with the changing trend in the firecracker market is gobbling up their trade.\"Our Anaars are huge and priced anything around Rs 500 per piece and also our hawayians cost Rs 1000 per piece. Thus, these days we mainly depend on marriage ceremonies ,\" said Shaqur Ahemad another Shorgar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186512", "title": "Three more coaching centres for minorities soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday said three more competitive exam coaching centres for minority students would be opened at Nizamabad, Kadapa and Chittoor. Four such centres were currently functioning at Hyderabad, Guntur, Visakhapatnam and Kurnool.The CM was speaking at the birth anniversary of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad. Paying glowing tributes to Azad, he said as first education minister of independent India, he introduced IITs which are the best in the world. Stating that several programmes were being implemented for the welfare of minorities, he said the budget for minorities in Andhra Pradesh was Rs 30 crore during 2004-05, which has now been enhanced to Rs 489 crore.The chief minister sanctioned Rs 1.5 crore for repair of mosques and churches in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "17186444", "title": "Five killed, 15 injured in mishap", "text": "Adilabad: Five persons including, a six-year-old boy, were killed and 15 others severely injured in a road accident near Shanigapur village of Dilawarpur mandal on NH-22 (Nirmal-Bhainsa main road) on Sunday afternoon.According to police, the accident occurred when a cement-laden lorry hit an auto coming in the opposite direction on the outskirts of Shanigapur village at around 2.20 pm. Ghaikwad Satwaji, 50, Sirpalli Sayanna, 25, Gangaram, 55, Prakash, 30, and Ajay, 6, died on the spot. Three have been shifted to Gandhi Hospital, Hyderabad, after their condition turned serious.Twenty persons were travelling in the auto at the time of the accident. The deceased were residents of Vanalpad village, who were going to Mallapur village to attend a function, while the lorry was carrying cement from Devapur to Maharashtra.Police has registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17188277", "title": "Motorbike stolen from Hazratganj kotwali", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Hazratganj police refused to register the first information report of the person whose motorcycle was allegedly stolen from the premises of the Hazratganj Kotwali on Saturday evening. Moreover, the CCTV camera that could have provided some crucial leads to the police in the case, has been out of order for past few months, said a police official from Hazratganj police station.Complainant Dependra Dubey also alleged that the police was mounting pressure on him to change the location of bike theft from Hazratganj Kotwali to somewhere outside the police station premises.Dubey had gone to the police station on Saturday to take stock of headway made in an accident case registered earlier this week in which Dubey was involved. Both the parties had agreed upon a compromise in the matter and reached the police station on Saturday.Dubey had parked his mobike, a 2003 model Splendor (UP 32 AV 0096), in the parking compound located near the main entrance of the Kotwali around 5.30pm. When he returned to the parking lot after finishing off the matter around 6pm, his bike was missing. He raised an alarm but the police told him to wait for a day just to ensure that somebody had not taken away the bike by mistake.When he reached the police station on Sunday the police instead of registering his case, told him to change the location of theft. Insistent Dubey refused to oblige the police and the case was not registered on Sunday as well.Ashok Verma, in-charge of the Hazratganj Kotwali, however, said that no such pressure was mounted by the police on the complainant. \"I will ensure that the case gets registered on Monday as per the facts,\" said Verma.\"The CCTV camera that could have given leads to the police about the person responsible for bike theft from the parking lot situated inside Hazratganj Kotwali, was not functioning,\" said an official from the police station.Interestingly, on Sunday two constables were deputed at the parking lot who were given the responsibility of noting down the details of all the visitors who were parking their vehicles within the premises of the Hazratganj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190421", "title": "I will not love any actor: Asin", "text": "Asin will be seen in Khiladi 786 opposite Akshay Kumar, plays a Maharashtrian in the film and we related stories hear that Asin has gone out of her way to perfect the look for her character.There are continuous rumours linking her with Bollywood hero Salman Khan. Asin while speaking about this said, \"I am not in love with anyone. I am very strict that I should not fall in love with any actor. Only through Amir Khan I got Hindi offers.\"\"After Ghajini I am selecting the films that have very good stories. I have already acted with big actors like Amir Khan, Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar. Amir Khan is a talented person. Salman Khan is a super star in real and reel life. Acting with the actors who have crossed 40 years has given me a good experience,\" explained Asin.Asin has acted in Hindi in Ghajini, London Dreams, Ready, House Full 2 and Bol Bachchan so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17186992", "title": "UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited choice: Conductor that hikes line loss", "text": "LUCKNOW: Despite chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's clarion call to check power pilferage, it doesn't seem to be on the energy department top bosses' priority list. In a perplexing development, the UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited (UPPTCL) is reportedly contemplating using a conductor for its Rs 10,000-crore transmission project which increases the overall line loss. The corporation has decided to revisit its own four-month old order in which it had denied permission to a Spanish company to install these conductors claiming that it would increase in line losses by 7% to 11%.Isolux, the Spanish company engaged in the project has been pressing for the use of these conductors -- AAAC (read wires) -- for quite sometime. But four months ago, the UPPTCL had categorically stated that these conductors would lead to line losses and the company could be given a go ahead only if it used ACSR conductors. However, the corporation, under a new head, seems to be treating both the conductors as 'equivalent'. Experts on the other hand insist that AAAC conductors have much higher line losses because of their higher resistance.According to documents assessed by TOI, on October 12, the UPPTCL told the UP electricity regulatory commission (UPERC) that the use of ACSR Moose and Bermis conductors or its equivalent AAAC conductors on 400 KV and 765 KV transmission lines has been referred to a committee.'' This will subsequently be put forth before the Energy Task Force (ETF) and the cabinet for final decision, the letter, signed by principal secretary (energy), Anil Kumar Gupta, who is also UPPTCL managing director, said. The MD also requested the commission to consider grant of licence to the M/s South East UP Power Transmission Company Limited - the special purpose vehicle formed by Isolux and UPTCL - for the sub-stations and transmission lines covered under the PPP package-1 for an initial term of 25 years.This is in complete contrast to the observation of UPPTCL of July 9 when it told the commission that the AAAC conductors' line losses will increase by 7% to 11%. The letter (TOI has a copy of it) further said that this would though reduce the number of towers in the transmission lines, thereby saving capital cost on the project, distribution companies would bear the additional transmission losses.Under the circumstances, it is not possible to recommend to the commission for grant of licence to the M/s South East UP Power Transmission Company Limited, until they agree to use ACSR conductors on all transmission lines as per the provisions of RFP and TSA,'' the letter issued by the then MD, Avanish Awasthi, said. A similar reminder was sent to the commission on July 30. Significantly, Awasthi was transferred from the department the very next day.In yet another letter director (works and projects), SK Garg, on August 28, sought a confirmation from company promoter Jose Garrido De Las Heras, on the use of ACSR conductors. The letter said that by using AAAC conductors the company will be saving significantly in the capital cost due to lighter towers, lighter foundation and longer span which will have a commercial implication on project cost and also on the tariff. Garg said that such post contract changes is not possible as per central vigilance commission (CVC) guidelines.The director therefore asked the company to make ACSR conductors available immediately as the provision of RFP and TSA. Any further delay in commencement of the project now cannot be tolerated as almost one year has been wasted on an issue which under any circumstances not valid and has been discarded by UPPTCL and is against the guidelines of the central vigilance commission (CVC),'' Garg said.UP has been grappling with high transmission losses that eventually has an impact on the overall power scenario in the state. Under the Accelerated Power Development Reform Programme (APDRP) the state is required to reduce its line losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188587", "title": "More takers for Chinese crackers", "text": "KOCHI: With Diwali just a day away, the cracker shops in the city are doing brisk business. Over the past few years, Chinese crackers have become popular since they are more colourful, environment-friendly and smoke-free. \"Though the crackers are made in Sivakasi, the chemicals used are imported from China. The illustrations on the packets are of Chinese kids and superheroes,\" said Rafeeq, a trader at Jew Street, adding that many shopkeepers are selling a wide range of eco-friendly crackers that are non-polluting.The popular items include Chinese toy pistols, magic pop crackers, whistling torch, chakras, flowerpots and colourful sparklers. Shopkeepers said that outsiders spent more than Rs 1,500 for crackers, while Keralites spent about Rs 500-1,000 on an average. The price of various crackers are as follows: Sparklers: Rs 7 to Rs30, chakras: Rs 4to Rs40, flowerpots: Rs 20 to Rs40, single shot crackers Rs 220 to Rs260.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187153", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav orders for security, power, traffic control", "text": "LUCKNOW: Directing officials to ensure law and order remain under control on Diwali, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday directed officials to make adequate arrangements to guard against disruptive elements. Instructing officials to ensure uninterrupted power supply and smooth flow of traffic, the CM also said the departments concerned must ensure the festival passes smoothly.On Sunday, the CM also instructed officials to ensure shops selling fire crackers operate in open spaces, away from crowded places to avoid accidents. An advisory note to stay away from high decibel firecrackers keeping in mind the environment and noise pollution was also issued. Yadav also asked hospitals to remain on stand-by to attend to burn cases, if reported, apart from directing officials to check adulteration of food products during the festive season.In spite of the busy day monitoring the administration's preparedness ahead of the festive season, the chief minister also met Canadian senator Asha Seth at his official residence in a bid to promote the state's industry. Seth, who expressed satisfaction with the efforts made by the state government to boost the state's economy , expressed hope that industry captains from around the world, including Canada, would take note and invest here.Calling for greater interaction between people and industry heads of UP and Canada, Seth said Canadian businesses were upbeat about making investments in food security, agriculture, cold chains, education and power. Saying India and Canada planned to double bilateral trade by 2015, Seth also said Delhi and UP were two big economies in north India since they lead the country in information technology and agriculture.Discussing detailed investment plans by the Canadian government, Seth said Canada could provide stable, permanent and green technology in the energy sector. In addition, tourism and education could be the other sunshine sectors that interest her country.Seth, part of the Canadian prime minister's delegation that visited India last week, said over 23,000 students from India were studying in different universities in Canada, returned to UP to visit her home district of Sitapur, Seth is the first Indian senator of Canada.Following invitation to visit Canada along with industrialists and investors, Akhilesh said a delegation from UP would visit Canada between May and September 2013, which the senator said she would coordinate and facilitate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17187835", "title": "Employees write to Antony on BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd (BATL) embarks on its much delayed project - a new missile integration complex - its employees have demanded are out to demand a clarification from the Union defence minister A K Antony on the status of the company.Though the original agreement was to set up a joint venture by public sector undertakings, the BrahMos management now says it is a private company. It was in March 2007 that the state government handed over the erstwhile Kerala Hi-tech Industries Limited (Keltec) to the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). According to the agreement, BrahMos Aerospace, a joint venture company between the DRDO and the Russian government, took over Keltec with an aim to develop it as one of the leading missile integration and defence production unit in the country. The agreement ensured full employment to all the staff of Keltec. The company had 250 employees then. The Indian government owns 50.5% stake while the Russian Federation owns 49.5% in BrahMos Aerospace, which comes under the ministry of defence. Keltec , spread over 15.8 acre prime land, with its Rs 7 crore bank deposit, was handed over to DRDO for a token amount of Rs 1. But it was subject to the condition that if the government of India withdraws from the venture or transfers majority of its share to any other organization other than under the government of India, the first priority will be given to the Kerala government.\"Recently, BrahMos Aerospace CEO A Sivathanu Pillai has gone on record to say that BATL is a private company, violating the agreement signed in 2007The state government had handed over a state PSU to a Central government undertaking. How did it reach private hands? A judicial probe or a CBI inquiry needs to be conducted to verify the facts,\" said an official at BATL. \"Though the BATL staff had written to the Union defence minister A K Antony , he has not responded so far. The minister and he should clarify the BATL status to the people instead of maintaining silence,\" said Kanam Rajendran, president of Brahmos Employees Union. Even after repeated attempts BATL authorities were unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187433", "title": "Pak moves on 26/11 trial ahead of Malik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186142", "title": "Society must recognize tribal people: Activist", "text": "RANCHI: Akhra (the term used to describe a socio-cultural gathering of people in tribal languages) should be brought to the social ground instead of confining it to sophisticated auditoriums.This statement was made by noted tribal activist and former commissioner of national Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes, government of India, B D Sharma at the inaugural ceremony of the three-day Akhra-tribal India International Festival organized by the Central University of Jharkhand (CUJ) here recently.He also said that the tribal people are not showpieces and that they have a rich culture, tradition and knowledge which need to be acknowledged by the so-called developed society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17186186", "title": "No objection to Calvim bridge: Acron group", "text": "MAPUSA: The largest affected privatelandowner for the construction of the Calvim bridge has given consent to the government to acquire the land for the project.The Acron group has 4,500 sq m of land to be acquired for the construction of the Carona-Calvim bridge.\"We welcome the construction of the bridge. Acron will not stand in the way of Goa's development in anything that improves the lives of the people or saves lives. We have absolutely no objection,\" said Amar Britto, Acron group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17187858", "title": "Waste disposal pilot only on paper", "text": "HUBLI: An old adage says that you can take a horse to the water, but you cannot make it drink. Much like the adage is the present state of solid management waste in the city.The HDMC ambitiously adopted the garbage disposal system used in Petersburg city of England as a pilot project in Vidyanagar area. But in implementing the system, the HDMC has been found wanting and its indifference is seen in the form of heaps of garbage on Victoria Road, one of the major arterial stretch which boasts of being a major marketing area and houses the famous Moorusavirmutt.People who visit the mutt, Dajiban Pet and Janata Bazaar for Diwali shopping are forced to mask their faces to protect themselves from the unbearable stench emanating from the heaps of garbage.The office of the HDMC is just 100 meters away from this area. Yet, the civic agency has conveniently turned a blind eye towards the problem. Heaps of garbage dot Victoria Road from Padma theatre to Moorusavirmutt covering both Dajiban pet and Janata bazaar.Vendors complain that civic workers do not clean the areas regularly and come at their will. \"If they come in the morning, they won't come in the evening. They should clean the road at least twice in a day. Containers kept in the road are overflowing with garbage,\" they complained.\"HDMC collects market cess and vendors fee compulsorily but it doesn't keep the area clean. It's festive season and there is a huge rush of people. The heaps of garbage at several points on Victoria Road is just irritating,\" said Mukesh Kotari, a cloth shop owner at Victoria Road.Sadananad Patil and Savita Shirur, who came from Keshwapur for shopping, said they had to finish their shopping quickly due to the unbearable stench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186584", "title": "Destitutes in Chennai have a home", "text": "CHENNAI: At 7.30 on a Wednesday evening, people dining at an eatery on Santhome High Road were surprised to see a group of youngsters interacting with two men, who resembled beggars, giving them a food packet each. The youth are volunteers of Banyan, an NGO working with the mentally ill, who meet people living on the streets, like the two men, whom they try to convince to use the corporation's shelter in Dooming Kuppam.Sathyanarayana, who runs a tyre puncture service on the Santhome High Road, has his mattress next to him. Once he shuts shop for the day, he spreads out the mattress and sleeps on the spot itself. Though he says he has two sons in Kolathur, he does not know how to contact them. \"I had it all in a diary that was washed away in the rain,\" he says as he walks to his mattress with a limp. He claims that he used to visit his sons once in three months. People working with Banyan say Sathya is a person who could be on the brink of mental illness. \"He lives on the streets and does not talk about how he ended up here,\" says a social worker from the Banyan, Archana Shekhar.The Chennai Corporation according to the Supreme Court's order has set up 15 shelters across the city, which is expected to provide shelter, bathroom facilities and two meals a day. But hardly five of them function on a daily basis. The other 10, like the ones on Chamiers Road, Mylapore, Chintadripet, remain locked. \"Most people do not know about these,\" says Vanessa Peters of Citizen's Rights Forum. \"People are scared to use them thinking they will lose their freedom of movement,\" says.Human Rights organisations across the world including Amnesty International say mental illness and homelessness are causally linked. \"Living alone on the streets for years makes one vulnerable and scared of life around,\" explains S H Mohamed Arshad, a volunteer working with the mentally ill for four years. \"With no one to care about them, they slowly start losing hope of life, becoming depressed,\" he says. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that one out of every four people will suffer from some sort of mental disorder at some stage in their lives.As the group enters the Lighthouse MRTS station, two old women emerge from the darkness, rushing to the group pressing a kiss to their hands. Parvathy and Poongavanam who look to be around 70-years-old, are too old to work and don't remember their families. \"My brother is an alcoholic. My parents died many years ago. I used to be a domestic maid, but I got sick and stopped working,\" says Parvathy. On most days, the two destitute women used to go hungry. For women like them who are old, destitute and had nothing to live for, even a single meal of food, puts a gleam of hope and gratitude in their eyes, says Archana.Believing that showing a little kindness to the most marginalized people in society-homeless-access to basic facilities could save them from mental illness, the Banyan decided to launch the Kind People Happy City initiative. \"One of the programs is street engagement. We try making the streets safe and showing atleast a few people we care for them by giving them one meal a day,\" says Arshad. \"It is important that they are assured of it and begin trusting us to provide it,\" he says.Banyan tries to convince the homeless to use the shelters, assuring them that they can come and go as they please. \"Aiya, why don't you come to the shelter to just have a bath and shave? You can have lunch, wear new clothes we give you and return to the streets,\" explains Archana, as she distributes a food packet to a leper who also sleeps on the pavements of Santhome.Other volunteers who have been visiting the man everyday for more than two weeks, enquire about his health and managing himself under the rain, slowly drawing out a promise from the gaunt looking man to visit the shelter. \"It is important to access the same people everyday. Make them trust us, and give them a feeling of being cared about. That's all it takes,\" says Arshad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17187838", "title": "2 Bangalore constables, child die in Hassan", "text": "HASSAN: Two constables with Bangalore's Mahadevpura police station and a four-year-old boy were killed when the car they were travelling in plunged into a drain near Katagalli Gate late on Saturday night. Four persons were injured in the accident.The deceased are law and order constables Ashok (29) and Mahadevaswamy (35) and the latter's son Charan (4). The incident occurred at 12.40am on the border of Hassan and Mandya districts when the car driver lost control and veered off the road.Police said Ashok and the others were headed towards Dasapura for attending a marriage. Ashok, Mahadevaswamy and Charan died on the spot. Their families stay at Mahadevpura police quarters.Sudeesh, Ashwathnarayana, Suresh and car driver Srinivas were injured and being treated at Adhichunchangagiri Hospital, Mandya district.Man dies in NH-4 hit-and-runBangalore: A 30-year-old pedestrian was killed after an unidentified vehicle ran over him on National Highway 4 in Dobbespet early on Sunday.Police said the victim, Murthy, who earned a living by carrying out repair work in petrol bunks, was heading home when the vehicle ran over him. Officials said the body was shifted to Dobbespet government hospital.Police said Murthy is from Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17186086", "title": "Badminton helps bind police &amp; people: Hazaribag SP", "text": "Hazaribag: To come closer to people, the district police organized a 'police friendship badminton championship' under the social policing programmes. The tournament which started on November 8 concluded on Sunday. In all, 157 students ( boys and girls) between the age group of 13 to 19 years participated in the event.In the Under 13 group, Devnish Jaipuriar (St Xavier's School) and Ishita Srivastava ( Carmel Convent School) have won the singles titles in the boys' and girls' singles events whereas Devvansh Jaipuriar and his partner won the doubles title.In the Under 15 section, Aman Choudhury (DAV) and Avi Kumari also of the same school have won the singles titles in the boys' and girls' events respectively. In the doubles event, Aman Choudhury and his partner Yash Sinha (DAV) have won the title whereas in the girls' event Avi Kumari and Shrishti won the title.Similarly in the Under 19 event, Khitij Avant (DAV) and Stefy also from the same school won the singles title in the boys' and girls' events respectively. In the doubles event for the boys, Ishan Singh ( St Xavier School) and Akshay of the same school won the title whereas in the girls' section Avi Kumari and Ankita won the doubles title. Speaking on the occasion, Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik, said, \"Community policing is both a philosophy and an organizational strategy that allow the police and citizen of the community to work closely together in new ways to solve the problems of criminals and Maoists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187582", "title": "I&B; minister assures level playing field for media", "text": "LUDHIANA: Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari underscored the need for an independent and strong media in a democracy. He said the freedom of expression guaranteed in the Indian constitution included freedom to choose media; whether print, electronic or digital.Interacting with mediapersons at a felicitation ceremony organized by the Ludhiana District Congress, Tewari said he received several complaints of malpractices in the media from across the country and these would be dealt with. However, the minister adopted a cautious stance on the contentious issue of monopoly of cable television with both channels and viewers being held to ransom. Due process of law would be followed in such cases, he said.Listing his priorities, Tewari said growth of media would lead to employment generation, which he had every intention of ensuring. He assured that a level playing field would be provided to all players and said the achievements of the UPA government would be communicated to the people.Lauding his predecessor, Ambika Soni, he said the digitalization process she initiated had been successful and would soon be extended to other cities. This, he explained, would help in rationalization of the process of disbursement of information.On Punjab deputy prime minister Sukhbir Singh Badal's visit to Pakistan and his commitment to provide power to Pakistan Punjab, Tewari remarked that Badal would do well to provide power to Indian Punjab first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17186991", "title": "Diwali is 'on the cards'", "text": "INDORE: Diwali is 'not' always synonymous with luscious sweets, twinkling diyas and awe-striking traditional outfits. This good luck gala also brings along with itself the unmatched charm of card parties and flash. Thus from six to sixty, almost every Indorean is out there to try on a fluky date with their lady luck.Ritika Mirchandani, a corporate professional, remarks, \"Thanks to the social networking sites that Zynga and Holdem Poker are played by us throughout the year, I'm a poker sucker too but Diwali would always have Teen Patti as the star. Its variants like Blackjack, Muflis and Mattha are popular too.\"And then starting from a range of Rs 10,000, the bets in these card parties not only shoot up to a few lakhs but hi-tech gadgets and designer accessories are also put up against a chaal. Gaurav Soni (name changed), a restaurateur deplores, \"Last year, I lost my brand new iPod in flash but won a Swiss watch instead. That was a bit depressing, still it's a shagun after all. So, no big deal!\" While for 23 year old student, Shivika Khodiyar, \"The stakes get higher with each bet and the thrill then is so high that the players don't even mind putting in their car's keys. Last year when I was running out of cash, I put my Play Station 3 on stake.\" Popular picks for bets include iPads, cell phones, designer accessories, gold coins, premium watches and what not! Siddhant Gunjal, an entrepreneur drolly remarks, \"Taking into account the increasing craze of card parties amidst people these days, even banks should start off a special loan scheme for these flash parties. Because come what may, people don't give up easily. Even I've borrowed money from friends and siblings to keep up the spirit of the game.\"Vandana S Khurana, a house-wife, says, \"The card party takes on a high post midnight only and continues till 3 or 4 am. Also, guests keep pouring in during this time so it's kind of a good socialising time over the card table strewn with some noton ki gaddi, lip-smacking delicacies, chilled pegs and spicy gossips to set the mood just right.\" But, \"More than the winning, it's the elaborate arrangement that turns eyeballs. It's a total desi bash where we try and incorporate some lavish elements like Barbeque, pool-side music and even tambola (for those honorary non taash freaks). Because at the end of the day, it's the lifeline of Diwali. So a statutory warning for all our guests is that whether you play cards or not, the party at our farmhouse will end post breakfast only!\" declares Kunal Jalan, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192727", "title": "I'm not a tough guy, says Daniel Craig", "text": "Bond hunk Daniel Craig has admitted he would run for his life if a fight broke out.\"I know I play a tough guy, but that's genuinely not me,\" the Daily Star quoted him as saying.\"I've always been very good at avoiding fights, having worked in pubs and seen pools of blood everywhere.\"But Craig, 44, star of new 007 blockbuster Skyfall , did confess he gets riled when he catches other men looking at his wife.\"The only thing to get me in trouble would be someone looking at my girl the wrong way,\" he told a US magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17191530", "title": "Good rainfall in districts under Bangalore division", "text": "MANGALORE: Agrahara in Thirthahalli taluk of Shimoga district recorded maximum rainfall of 38.50mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday in Karnataka.Rainfall over the state in these 24-hours is considered as isolated since 4% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Rainfall was scattered in two districts; and isolated in nine districts. Monsoon was weak in 25 districts and normal in five districts.Rather heavy rain was recorded in one district; moderate rain in six districts; light rain in four districts; very light rain in 11 districts; and no rain in eight districts.Scattered, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Shimoga, Chikmagalur; isolated, light to moderate rain in Kodagu, Udupi, Dakshina Kannada, Hassan, Belgaum, Dharwad,Haveri, Chitradurga, and Uttara Kannada. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Bangalore division received scattered rainfall with Agrahara receiving maximum. Mysore and Belgaum division each recorded isolated rainfall with Shishila in Belthangady taluk of DK district and Sambaragu in Athani taluk of Belgaum district recording maximum rainfall of 25mm and 18.5mm respectively. Gulbarga division recorded negligible rainfall with Malur GP in Shorapur taluk of Yadgir district recording maximum rainfall of 0.5mm.Karnataka from October 1 to November 12 has recorded deficit rainfall of 20.3%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 159.2mm in south-interior, north-interior, Malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 126.9mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on November 12, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 0.6mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 1.2mm, a deficit of 50%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190074", "title": "How to throw a Diwali party", "text": "Most people may think mehendi is just for weddings, but this form of body art also adds that extra festive touch to your Deepavali ensembles. Arrange a mehendi artist for your party so that your gal friends can pretty up their hands for the occasion .Deepavali is also the season of gift-giving, and you can add a personal touch to the presents you give family and friends by choosing a motif to put on the bags or boxes containing the gifts. A peacock feather might work for colour and luck.Hang a bell at the entrance to your house that visitors can ring instead of the regular electric door-chime. This will give your party that \"puja-festive\" feel.To add that extra festive touch to your Deepavali shindig, dress up your home in gold and green.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191414", "title": "Vikram Prabhu impresses media", "text": "Veteran actor Prabhu Ganesan introduced his son, Vikram Prabhu at a press meet held in Chennai.Prabhu said on the occasion, \"The large gathering here today shows the respect you have for the family and I am grateful for your support throughout. My son, Vikram Prabhu's debut film Kumki will release soon and I wish that the media supports him in the same way it has been all this while.\"Vikram Prabhu, added, \"I am eagerly awaiting the release of Kumki . I can see the media interacts with my father like a family member. I hope I too earn that kind of support and trust from the media.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187189", "title": "4 men held for chain snatching", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four men have been arrested for snatching chains in south Delhi, police said. The accused have been identified as Manoj alias rider (25), Kamal (32), Krishna (20) and Anil (20).According to DCP south Chhaya Sharma, 7 gold chains and 3 stolen laptops have been recovered from them, apart from 3 motor cycles that were used in committing snatching.The gang's main rider, Manoj, was spotted by some auto-lifters while he was performing stunts. They convinced Manoj to join them and they started snatching chains to make quick money. The gang had committed 25 snatchings in south Delhi in a short span. However, on November 7, Manoj got injured while fleeing on the IIT flyover and the other gang members were nabbed by Inspector Kulbeer Singh, SHO Hauz Khas after a tip-off.Sharma added, \"Manoj would ride the bike and the others would sit pillion and snatch chain/purse from women. The gang would use their own bike after bending the rear registration number plate so that nobody could trace their numberplate. Accused Manoj and Krishna have no previous criminal involvements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191152", "title": "Kumki vs Neethane En Ponvasantham on Dec 14th", "text": "Prabhu Solomon's Kumki, the launch pad of Vikram Prabhu with Lakshmi Menon playing the female lead is set to lock horns with Gautham Menon's Neethane En Ponvasntham on December 14th.While talking to the media Prabhu said, \"The large gathering here today shows the esteem you hold our family in and I am grateful for your support through the decades. I wanted to meet you all for Diwali. Vikram Prabhu's debut film Kumki will release soon and I wish that the media supports him in the same way that you have been with us through the years.\"Imman has composed the music for Kumki amd the album is highly entertaining and has got rave reviews. Vikram Prabhu is currently shooting for his next flick ' Ivan Veramaathiti ' directed by Saravanan.\"I too am eagerly awaiting the release of Kumki . I can see how the media interacts with my father just like a family member. I hope that I too earn that kind of support and trust from you over the years with my work,\" added Vikram Prabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17188552", "title": "Shoppers splurge on gold, gizmos", "text": "KANPUR: It seemed there was 'gold rush' in the city on the occasion of Dhanteras on Sunday.Hundreds of buyers had emptied their wallets, buying gold, silver and diamonds. People consider it auspicious to buy such articles on this day. Those who can't afford to spend on gold were seen buying utensils and other electronic goods. But everybody was busy in shopping on Dhanteras.Though the markets remained empty during the day but by the evening everyone was out for shopping. Women were busy buying 'Ganesh-Lakshmi' idols and utensils. Men were seen in electrical goods market.Decked up shopping arcades right from Naveen Market to P Road and Govind Nagar to Swaroop Nagar are likely to remain open till late at night to manage the rush of shoppers.Connoisseurs were seen browsing, jewellery designs at stores. Those collecting the ordered goods had to wait in queues to get the ornaments. \"Ornaments prepared from 22 or 23-carat gold weighing one, two or five grams are in demand,\" said a jewellery store manager at Nayaganj. Those who opt for gold as investment buy coins. People were also seen buying gold coins from banks even after knowing that these are always cheaper at the jewellery stores. Garments and apparel top the list of mandatory purchases. Kids and women buying clothes and other household items like cushion covers, curtains etc, were in a hurry to choose and have the best one this Diwali. Utensil shops registered brisk sale. Shops selling Ganesh and Lakshmi idols were overcrowded.A shopkeeper said: \"I am in the profession for the last 20 years during which I have found that conventional idols are the best choice of shoppers. However, brass and copper idols are also available with costly price tag.\" \"We used to invest in gold every year on Dhanteras but after the gold rates touched the skies, my husband had decided to opt for silver this Diwali. There is lot of chaos at gold shops even high prices,\" said a resident of Birhana road.A resident of Nayaganj purchased gold as he was expecting that the gold rates will be much higher in the days to come.Electronic gadgets and gizmos topped the list of buyers. Hundreds of buyers turn up at mobile, electronics goods and computer shops. LED TVs and induction cooker are ruling the market. The locals were seen making a beeline at the shops of 'kheel-laiyya-gatta' and other puja material for Diwali. Earthen lamps, candles and firecrackers also witness huge sale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17186109", "title": "Rs 12cr business for Bokaro gold merchants on Dhanteras", "text": "BOKARO: Huge rush was seen in markets, as residents thronged shops to buy gold, silvers, diamond, utensils and other items on Dhanteras. Car and two-wheelers' showrooms and electronic items shops also do brisk business on the day.Despite price rise of gold , buyers trickled in jewellery shops to buy coins, jewellery, bars and other items. The shops come up with lucrative offers to attract buyers.Gold merchants believe that jewellery shops in the district have done a business of around Rs 12 crore on Dhanteras. The sale of gold items is no more in comparison with last year's market as rising gold price has forced many residents to change their mind. Many people preferred buying ornaments made of diamonds and platinum finding gold rate touching Rs 30,900 per 10 gram on Dhanteras.\"The women are more fascinated for designer gold jewellery, which are high on sale. Jewellery made of gold, specially containing Hallmark, are more in demand. Besides gold and silver, the sale of diamond jewellery has shown 30% growth from the past year,\" said Suresh Kumar , the proprietor of Trimurti Jewelers.Amit Rastogi, the owner of Gehna Sang Jewar, said this year gold business seemed to be dull in comparison to last year's. \"Comparing to last year's market, this year less number of customers arrive at shops. The sale of gold jewellery has declined to about 30-35% in comparison to last year,\" said Rastogi.The banks in town have also done nice business of gold coins. \"On the auspicious day of Dhanteras, I purchased a silver coin. Last year I had purchased a designer gold necklace. But finding high gold prices , I preferred silver coins this time,\" said Anju Parera a gynecologist.However, the car market was on boom as there are more than 240 cars being sold on Dhanteras from different car showrooms of the district. The Hindustan Auto Agency seems to have the lion's share as more than 130 Maruti cars were sold from this showroom on the day.\"The business today was good. With majority of customers had made advance booking, they had made delivery of cars today. The car sale this year was good than last year,\" said Gaurav Lodha, head of showroom.Meanwhile, there are more than 450 two-wheelers sold by different showrooms on the day. The electronic goods shops also recorded impressive sales of television, geysers, washing machines and other items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187952", "title": "No trace of consultant who duped investors of 2.5 crore", "text": "NASHIK: With nearly 30 investors rushing to the Sarkarwada police station alleging cheating to the tune of crores of rupees, the police have still not been able to trace the fraud financial consultant.Investigating officer PSI Sachin Kumbhar said that accused Vikrant Dhandopant Kale had duped nearly 30 investors of approximately Rs 2.5 crore and more investors are likely to come forward in the case.Kumbhar also said that the accused is at large and they have still not been able to trace where he resides. While some people informed that the accused resided at Trimurti Chowk, some say that he resided at Nashik Road. His phone too is switched off, making the task of tracing him difficult. Kale had set up his office in the name of Siddhi Investment firm in the New Pandit Colony on Sharanpur Road. Assuring investors returns of 10 to 12% per month under the pretext of trading their money in the share market, commodity market and forex, Kale had taken investments and initially gave returns as well. The Sarkarwada police said that since the past two to three months, the accused had shut down his office and was also not reachable on his phone following which an investor, Manish Jagnani, lodged a complaint with the police on Thursday.After Jagnani lodged the offence with the police, the other complainants also approached the Sarkarwada police and said that Kale assured returns ranging from Rs 9,000 to 11,000 per month on an investment of Rs 1 lakh. Though investors got the returns as promised initially, Kale had stopped giving them money during the past few months by assuring them new dates.His office at New Pandit Colony has also been closed down since. There were also reports that the accused had put up offices in different parts of the city and he may have cheated investors in Nashik to the tune of five crores.About one and half months ago, the city crime branch arrested two people, Ashwin Haribhau More and Chandrashekhar Haribhau More of Kalanagar, Dindori Road, on charges of cheating investors of the city to the tune of Rs 25 crore.The More brothers had set up an office in the city and were taking investments from people after promising them double the invested amount within 20 months. The More brothers had also appointed agents on huge commission to bring investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186070", "title": "Ranchi University placement cell fails to deliver", "text": "RANCHI: Although students of Ranchi University are getting placed in campus selections their number is still not substantial. More than 50% of the students of university are still unable to avail full benefits of the placement cell of RU and thus are unable to get placed.RU placement cell coordinator Pramod Kumar said, \"We have managed to achieve 50% placement in university in last two years. Now we are trying to get more and more students placed. Most of the students that are getting placed are from MBA, MCom, BCA, IT and BCom.\"S Ali, member of Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh, claimed that most of the placement done by the cell is through influence.\"The placement percentage of RU placement cell is barely 20% and those getting placement are only through some or the other source or influence. The people who really deserve getting placement are not even given a chance to be in the competition,\" said Ali.He further said if the university administration really wanted to get the deserving candidates placed they should be transparent about the number of companies that come for recruitment and the number of posts they offer. Even the students should be alert about the companies that come and should apply on time.Lack of proper placement opportunities is one of the biggest reason behind migration of students to other states.Shrey Vats, a Ranchi boy studying B.Com in Bangalore, said: \"I had the option of doing my course from Ranchi University too but the career prospective is not good here especially when there is no surety of placement. I went to Bangalore as the education system there is much better and there is better opportunity of campus placement.\"Ranchi University VC Dr LN Bhagat said it was impossible for the university to achieve 100% placement anytime soon. \"Placement is a term which can be used for institutions that are running only professional courses. Ours is a university with more than 80,000 students in different streams -- from professional courses to simple graduation courses. In such a case it is difficult to provide 100% placement also any university never guarantees 100% placement.\"Bhagat said, \"No doubt we are continuously working on providing quality education and many of our students get selected immediately in walk-in interviews after passing out. The core committee has also decided to make separate placement cells for all the vocational courses.\" in the university which will report to the central placement cell. We are expecting a rise in campus placement once these cells are opened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187363", "title": "Carjackers held after shootout in E Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special cell has busted an interstate gang of carjackers after an encounter in east Delhi. The accused, identified as Salli, Subbi, Jamshed, Anid \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all from Palwal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and Jakir and Farukh from Mewat, operated in at least 10 states, including Delhi, police said. They allegedly robbed high-end cars at gunpoint and dumped the driver in a far-off area. Many sophisticated weapons have been recovered from them, a source said.The accused told police they generally intercepted SUVs and held the driver hostage. They would bind him with ropes and take him at least a 100km away, where they would tie him to a tree in a forest area. The accused would then flee towards UP and Delhi.The accused sold off the vehicle for a handsome amount. They carried fake numberplates and kept changing them after the robbery to evade police. The accused had also robbed a Scorpio from a businessman on Ranchi-Latehar road.A source said the special cell had received a tip-off about these robbers coming to Ghazipur area in east Delhi, after which a team led by inspector Ishwar Singh laid a trap under the flyover on Friday night. Around 11pm, a Scorpio coming UP gate towards Delhi was intercepted by cops.Finding himself in trouble, the driver of the Scorpio, Salli, opened fire on the cops.When the cops asked them to drop their weapons, the accused fired again. The policemen, however, managed to overpower the robbers by closing in on them and firing back.One of the accused, Jamshed, tried to escape but was nabbed after a high-voltage chase.Sources said the accused will be questioned to ascertain if they had a role in the two back-to-back carjacking cases near DLF Promenade in south Delhi, where one Maruti Artiga and a Toyota Fortuner were stolen last week.The owner of the Artiga was waylaid on Nelson Mandela Marg by robbers posing as traffic cops. Later they dumped him near Delhi Cantonment area and fled with the car.In the second incident, a Fortuner owner was stopped by men near the Grand Hotel and robbed of his vehicle at gunpoint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187121", "title": "Association to bridge industry-academia gap", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Commerce Association will work towards bridging the gap between industry and academia this year. This was announced at a three-day 65th all-India conference jointly organised by the KPB Hinduja College and Mumbai University, where principal TA Shiware was elected president of the association. The conference deliberated upon subjects such as infrastructural development in India, integrated reporting, foreign direct investment in multi-brand retailing, employer branding, etc.Shiware said he would ensure close interactions with industries to reduce the academia -industry gap. \"We will conduct the all-India commerce and management talent search examination to widen the scope of employability of commerce students and also encourage quality research in the area of commerce, he said.\"The organization is an academic and professional body of teachers, researchers, professionals who work in the domain of commerce, business, economic and management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187502", "title": "Leopard spotted, escapes", "text": "LUDHIANA: A leopard that appeared on the outskirts of the city kept the forest officials on toes throughout Sunday. And later, it left them embarrassed after it escaped from the net laid on a well it had fallen in.Sources said a villager of Qadiyaan, about 3-4km from Jalandhar Bypass on Ludhiana-Jalandhar highway, spotted the leopard in the well at a pear orchard on Sunday morning. The villager immediately informed the police, who in turn conveyed the message to forest department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186217", "title": "Rs 10L worth valuables stolen from bus conductor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars struck at a bus conductor's house in Vanasthalipuram and escaped with Rs 10 lakh worth valuables on Saturday night.The incident took place at RTC's Hayatnagar depot conductor B Dhanunjaya Goud's house. Goud along with his family members went to Yadgirigutta on Saturday. On Sunday morning, their milkman called up Goud and informed him that the door lock of his house was broken.The family members immediately came back and found 32 tolas of gold and Rs 1.4 lakh cash missing from an iron safe.A complaint was lodged with the Vanasthalipuram police and a burglary case was booked under section 457/380 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188228", "title": "Pagla Dashu in English", "text": "After a glamourous kick-off on Saturday, the 18th Kolkata Film Festival gradually warmed up on a pleasant Sunday afternoon. There were the usual queues for tickets, debates on the films to be watched and groups of youngsters hanging around the Nandan complex for a feel of the festival. The top draw on the first day was the unique film tent. Named after Hiralal Sen, who made the first moving pictures in Bengal, the tent will screen black and white classics in a throwback to the time when cinema would be shown in similar environs.\"It's a brilliant idea and has been a hit. Few are even aware that the films would be shown either inside tents or at theatre halls during intervals. It will not only be a curious experience for today's youngsters but also take them back to the early years of film viewing,\" said Sanjoy Mukhopadhyay, film analyst. The first tent show will be held at the Nandan complex on Monday afternoon.The 125th birth anniversary of legendary writer Sukumar Ray was marked by the launch of 'The Crazy Tales of Pagla Dashu and Co' - a translation of stories featuring the inimitable Pagla Dashu, a round-eyed, curly-haired school boy whose antics made him stand out.The book contains 25 classic stories that have been translated into English by teacher Sukanta Chaudhuri along with members of the Jadavpur University Translators' Collective. The 17-member group undertook the translation in two workshops in March-April 2011 conducted by Centre of Advanced Study Programme of the Department of English, Jadavpur University.The biggest challenge before the group was to retain the humour while translating the colloquial dialogues written nearly a century ago. As the book's prologue admits: 'Pagla Dashu is too Bangla and to Pagla to be translated.' The book also features rare illustrations by the father-son duo of Sukumar Ray and Satyajit Ray. It also features the original cover of the book published in Bengali.Language no barAs part of their 7th Rabindra Utsav celebrations, Happenings in association with Badungduppa Drama Group from Goalpara, Assam, organised Rabindranath Tagore's play 'Rather Rashi' on the Tollygunge Club premises recently. Performed by Assamese actors of the Rabha community in their possessed dialect, it was a unique representation of Tagore's play. According to Viji Iyengar, director of Happenings, \"Tagore's works are the biggest inspirations for mankind. But only Bengalis possess the same. We want to spread his ideals countrywide and every year we want to present his plays in languages other than Bengali. This year the director of Badungduppa group, Sukracharjya Rabha, adapted 'Rather Rashi' in Rabha and as expected they excelled.\"London dreamsIt will be Kishore Sutradhar's moment of glory when chief minister Mamata Banerjee felicitates him at a formal function in Kolkata. The 32-year-old youth will be among the 24 artists who represented Bengal at the London Tourism Festival. But it's Sutradhar's background that could have made him the most sought-after person at the Indian pavilion. He hails from Jangalmahal. Sutradhar's forefathers at Mukhoshgram in Purulia's Bagmundi have imbibed in him the art of mask-making. He excels in masks of Durga, Ganesh and the Ashura. His talent has already taken him to London earlier and even to Iran and Scotland . But this is the first time that he got the opportunity to represent his own state.'Rather Rashi' builds around caste distinction, a menace still practiced in India. The sheer brilliance in acting and use of body language, supported by excellent use of light and sound, bridged the gap in understanding of the language. The rope or 'Rashi', symbolising the bond of human relationship, united the Bengali audience with the Assamese actors. \"Tagore is always relevant in every aspect of our life. This group represented that beautifully,\" said Anil Mukherjee, CEO, Tollygunge Club.Call to young designersFor youngsters keen to explore publishing as a career, graphic designers with a wish to focus on book and cover design or even aspiring entrepreneurs, this is great news. Following the success of its first round of courses on book editing/publishing/designing in April-July, Seagull School of Publishing is back with round II in January-March 2013. Among the several eminent faculty members are poet-translator Anjum Katyal and historian-publisher Urvashi Butalia. The last date for application is November 21.Budding talentA glance at her and Mouli Bhattacharjee looks like any other college girl. But the young woman already has a music album to her credit. The CD containing both Hindi and Bengali songs from different genres was released recently. Mouli, who was born with a melodious voice and was admitted to Gurukul at a very tender age, has been trained in classical music by none other than Pt Ajay Chakraborty.High on music", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17186905", "title": "Girls develop generator to turn pee into power", "text": "LONDON: In a breakthrough, four teenage schoolgirls in Nigeria have invented a 'pee-powered' generator that converts one litre of urine into six hours of electricity.Fourteen-year-olds Duro-Aina Adebola, Akindele Abiola, Faleke Oluwatoyin, and 15-year-old Bello Eniola showed their creation at the Maker Faire Africa entrepreneurs event, in Lagos, southern Nigeria on 5 and 6 November, using a resource that is free, unlimited and easily obtainable.According to the Maker Faire blog, urine is put into an electrolytic cell, which cracks the urea into nitrogen, water, and hydrogen.The hydrogen goes into a water filter for purification, which then gets pushed into the gas cylinder, the Daily Mail reported.The gas cylinder pushes hydrogen into a cylinder of liquid borax, which is used to remove the moisture from the hydrogen gas. This purified hydrogen gas is pushed into the generator, and one litre of urine provides six hours of electricity.Maker Faire blog described the generator as \"possibly one of the more unexpected products\" at the event. While the system does have one-way valves for safety, more robust measures may be needed before it can be sold widely.The report noted: \"Let's be honest that this is something of an explosive device\".Nigeria's economy is on the rise, however, more than half of the country's 162 million citizens have no access to electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17191667", "title": "Gadget talk confuses people above 50 years: Study", "text": "LONDON: People over-50s are puzzled by jargon used in mobile phone and gadget shops, and would rather visit their doctor than go into a technology store, a study has found.Despite 54 percent of over-50s using a mobile daily, they are daunted by the prospect of buying one - as almost half of them claim to be confused by the terms used by store staff, the Daily Express reported.Almost a third avoid technology shops all together.\"Technology can present all sorts of challenges for a customer: specifications, functionality, modifications; all changing at a fast pace, not to mention the jargon,\" Sam Perkins, telecoms director at Tesco which commissioned the survey, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17186228", "title": "Shirodkar's bros booked for murder", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police have booked four persons, including two brothers of a former minister, for an attempt to murder a senior citizen during a gramsabha of the Shiroda village panchayat in Ponda on Sunday.Police booked Ramchandra Naik, Vikrant Karapurkar, Megashyam Shirodkar and Amit Shirodkar, all residents of Shiroda. Megashyam and Amit are brothers of former Shiroda MLA and state minister Subhash Shirodkar, Ponda PI Sagar Ekoskar told media persons on Sunday.Police have arrested only Ramchandra Naik. They said they are verifying the role of the other three accused and they would be arrested if they are found guilty.Sources said that the brawl was triggered on the issue ofa homeopathic clinic situated in the panchayat hall for about a decade. Locals pointed out during the gramsabha that the clinic was obstructing the hall and they cannot use the hall for any ceremony. Some locals had sought information from the panchayat as to how much revenue has been raised by the clinic to the village civic body.The clinic is being operated by the Shree Kamaxidevi homeopathic college, Shiroda, which is managed by Subhash Shirodkar. The issue irked his supporters, who led led the assault. Police also confirmed the incident, adding that they were summoned by locals after the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17188543", "title": "Clashes over control of gurdwara in US, 2 stabbed", "text": "WASHINGTON: Two men have been stabbed outside a gurdwara in California and more than a dozen people peppersprayed in violent clashes that broke out between two groups over a power struggle to control the shrine.According to an eyewitness, violence erupted outside the Tierra Buena gurdwara in Yuba City of California at about 6:45 pm (local time) on Saturday when the meeting of its board of directors ended and some of the directors were leaving the parking lot.No arrest has been made so far, as the incident is currently being investigated, the Sutter county sheriff 's department said.Details of the incident were not available as the matter was under investigation.The board members leaving the parking lot were apparently confronted by a group of men and attacked with shovels, broom handles and sticks, as two groups of over 30 people clashed with each other. Later both sides claimed that they were attacked by the other group.The ugly event last evening is the latest chapter in the power struggle for the gurdwara. This past September , five board members of the 73-member board had sought to force the new election, which was denied by a Sutter county judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191521", "title": "Four Two Ka One", "text": "CreditsDirector: Anwer Khan Cast: Jimmy Shergill, Rajpal Yadav, Sushant Singh , Murli Sharma, Nikita Anand Producer: Sunil Shah Banner: Jai Viratra Entertainment Ltd, Jannat Films Genre: Comedy Release Date: December 7, 2012SynopsisVijay (Jimmy Shergill) &amp; Raja (Rajpal Yadav) are young educated individuals unable to find employment. To survive, they turn to life of thievery. Vijay, a devotee of Lord Shree Krishna is not keen on stealing, but is compelled to do so.Vijay and Raja decide to rob Pooja's house and they lie to her saying that they are C.B.I officers. Vijay falls in love with Pooja. Once while they were robbing her house, she caught them stealing. They make up a story which she buys and they get saved. Vijay doesn't want Pooja to know that he is a thief and starts feeling anxious and nervous.Raja suggests they commit a huge robbery and hence they robbed a bag belonging to Chawala (Murli Sharma), who is a very dangerous man. Inside the bag they find a statue of Lord Krishna worth approx 20-25 crore. Raja and Vijay do not see eye to eye on what to do with the stolen statue. Vijay wants it to be returned to the owner. After returning it to the owner, somehow the statue lands up in their hands again. Vijay and Pooja get engaged and on the same day Raja sells the statue to Seth Karoimal. Eventually Pooja finds out the truth about Vijay and is very upset that he cheated her.- Then how does Pooja react?- What happens to Vijay?- Do the Police catch the real thieves?- Does Chawala get his statue back?- Who is responsible for the series of Events?The answer: Four Two Ka One", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187671", "title": "Police have five days to question chemical attacker", "text": "MUMBAI: Jerrit John, who heads production house No Nonsense, was produced on Sunday before the Bhoiwada court, which remanded him in police custody till November16. He was arrested the previous day for attacking his physiotherapist ex-girlfriend Aryanka Hozbetkar with a chemical.\"It was Aryanka who counselled and motivated me for filing a divorce application. I did so and sent my wife to Nagpur,\" John told the police. \"But Aryanka began avoiding me, refusing to take my calls and even backed out from the proposal to marry me. I was very angry over this.\"Confirming this, investigating officer Bharat Bhoite said, \"We have to verify everything and are doing our investigation.\"The police said John told them that he wanted to deface and scare Hozbetkar. \"The chemical hurled at her is used to wash metals,\" an officer said.Seeking John's custody, the police told the court that they required his custodial interrogation for verifying several pieces of information and recovering Hozbetkar's stolen cellphone. They urged the court for John's custody for the greatest extent of time.At the Dadar police station, John, told TOI, \"Do you know what the reality is? I will tell you.\"But before he could elaborate, the policeman holding John took him to a police vehicle for taking him away to Mahim's central lockup.A police team also visited John's No Nonsense office in Bandra and conducted a search. \"On Monday, the team will go to Masjid Bunder, from where John bought the chemical he used in his attack,\" an officer said. \"We have to take the shopkeeper's statement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17188279", "title": "Faizabad yearns for amity and peace", "text": "FAIZABAD: An uneasy calm still prevails in Faizabad even a fortnight after communal violence hit the town in which one person was killed and over 100 shops burned down. But members of both the communities want peace now. They want Faizabad's old communal amity back and 'Ganga-Jamuni' tahzeeb re-established.Osman, a fruit vendor who lost his shop in the violence wants to forget the incident as a nightmare. \"I want to restart my business and for this I want a peaceful and secured atmosphere. I want to serve customers without any difference of religion as I was doing it for the past 20 years,\" he says. For Shambhu Nath Agrawal, a cloth merchant, whatever happened was absolutely unexpected. \"We had never expected this. How it happened I can't understand. We can't undo whatever has happened, but now we want communal harmony. Many of my neighbours have lost their shops. We are all helping them together,\" he says.Mufti Ubaidur Rahman, Imam of Jama masjid Sarai, says that what happened on October 24 was a conspiracy to break the thread of harmony and only handful of persons were involved in it. \"The government should unmask those conspirator and take tough steps against them. Responsible people from both the communities must come forward to bridge the gap created after the violence,\" he says. D S Tiwari, a government employee, says: \"We were really worried as we live in Muslim-dominated area. But, when violence broke out, my neighbour Ashfaq took care of me, sending his mother, wife and children to stay with my family.\"Mahmud, an owner of general merchant shop in city narrates how when rioters broke the shutter of his shop and were about to loot and torch it, his neighbour Vinod kumar and his sons came to the rescue by chasing away the rioters. \"Not a single item of my shop was damaged,\" he says.Ramchandra, owner of general store in city area, whose shop was torched during the riots, says \"re-starting our business which we were doing since 20-30 years is not so important, but the important thing is to re-establish the decades-old tradition of communal harmony and brotherhood which has been breached due to the bad intention of some anti-social elements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187125", "title": "Only 17% of civic budget spent so far on amenities", "text": "MUMBAI: With barely five months before the next fiscal year, the BMC has only spent 17% of the total budget earmarked for infrastructure development and civic amenities.Of its over Rs 26,000-crore budget, the civic body has earmarked Rs 6,000 crore to develop and maintain civic amenities. This amount does not include the money kept for water supply and sewage. Data accessed from the chief accountant's department shows that of the Rs 6,000 crore the civic body has spent Rs 1018.91 crore.Critical departments like solid waste management (SWM), fire brigade and bridges have not spent more that 10% of their budgetary allocations.The allocation for the SWM department for this financial year was Rs 233.71 crore of which it has spent only Rs 20.76 crore ( 8.88%). Several projects like purchasing and installing 20,000 new dustbins, acquiring new garbage collection vehicles that were announced during the budget have not yet been implemented and the budget allocated for it is lying idle.The capital expenditure budget for the entire health infrastructure of the civic body was Rs 651.42 of which so far only Rs 72.20 crore has been used (11.08% utilization).Only 13% of the funds available for the upgradation and maintenance of major hospitals have been used so far. The civic body had earmarked Rs 134.78 crore for major hospitals of which only Rs 18.77 crore has been used.With just 17% of the total funds spent and a quarter of the year left to put the entire amount to use, the BMC's various project works in the city are lagging behind.\"If the projects that were planned are not being executed then the exercise is futile,\" said a civic official. The civic body has several tenders in the pipeline which might be rolled out in a month or so, but even after that by the year-end around 30% of the funds are still left unspent and will lapse.For the last five years, the BMC has unutilized funds of Rs 3,000 crore or more.This underlines the ad hoc preparation of budgetary estimates and the lack of political will to execute projects, experts say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187425", "title": "Diwali: Crackers can scare, stress your pet dog", "text": "NEW DELHI: While you may be having a blast this Diwali, your pet is likely to be horrified by the noise and sparks. Every year animal shelters report a rise in the number of pets getting lost during Diwali. Scared, restless and stressed because of constant and loud noises, they try to flee far from crackers.\"Several pets get lost or meet with road accidents during Diwali. It's because noise from crackers, and even the sight of fire, scare them, especially dogs. They generally try to hide under the bed. But if they are very disturbed , they may bite people. There have been cases when the dog has even bitten the owner,\" says veterinary physician Dr Inder Singh.According to him, around 80-90% of dogs are scared of crackers. The rest doesn't mind it and \"just watch people light the crackers\", he adds. Some medicines may keep them calm but it's best to keep them indoors and distract them. The most common effects of the noise are aggressive behaviour, fear, loss of appetite, salivation and defecation inside the house.Khushboo Gupta, an animal rights activist who has a 14-year-old pet dog, Bonzie, and takes care of three stray dogs of her locality in Karol Bagh, makes sure that all of them stay indoors during Diwali. \"I also make sure the windows and doors are closed. They are terrified by the sound of crackers, so I try to be around all the time.\"Gupta is also trying to sensitize people in her locality through posters on how firecrackers affect senior citizens, patients and pets. But the response is not always warm. \"In many colonies, people have already started bursting crackers. Yesterday, when I was walking Bonzie, he got very scared. Since he is very old, he easily gets stressed. Despite repeated requests, people did not even stop for a few minutes. Only people who have pets can understand the plight,\" she adds.A veterinary physician from Pet Animal Welfare Society, Dr R T Sharma, says animal lovers from different localities often get together around Diwali to help stray animals. \"While most RWAs don't want dogs inside the colony, there are animal lovers who ensure the dogs are given ayurvedic sedatives that calm them down. We get a lot of complaints of dogs getting injured or in trauma during the festival,\" he adds.Humane Society International is running a drive this year by urging people to gift cosmetics that are not tested on animals. \"This Diwali, people can be a part of the 'Be Cruelty Free' drive that calls for a ban on animal testing,\" said N G Jayasimha, India director of the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17187443", "title": "Jaitley\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bid to pacify BS Yeddyurappa fails", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP leadership's efforts to retain BS Yeddyurappa (BSY) in the party failed on Sunday with the former Karnataka chief minister firm on launching his party in December.Senior party leader Arun Jaitley , with whom BSY has good rapport, was deputed for persuasion. Jaitley and BSY held a meeting on Sunday morning that didn't yield any results. Later BSY said, \"I've respect for Jaitley, but have made up my mind to launch the Karnataka Janata Party on December 9. I'm firm on my decision.\"According to sources in Delhi, Jaitley knew the talks wouldn't be fruitful. The sources said: \"During the discussions, BSY said he would rather retire from politics than stay on in the party.\" The party is likely to make another attempt to retain him. But BSY, at a function in Tumkur, ruled out any more negotiations. \"The BJP leaders treated me like a dog. They projected me as a culprit. What was my mistake? After the launch of the KJP, I will tour the state and narrate all this to the people,\" he said.He said he no longer expected anything from the BJP. \"The time is up. No matter whatever position they offer, I won't accept. I have announced my new party and the office-bearers. Where is the question of staying back in the BJP? People and my supporters will lose faith if I change my decision,\" he added.The BJP is reportedly contemplating taking action against those who attend BSY's December 9 convention at Haveri. \"Irrespective of the consequences and the attendance, I am holding the convention. Before this, I am resigning from the assembly membership. Whoever wants to join me, they are welcome,\" BSY said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17192734", "title": "Industry body proposes 'Friendship Park' at Attari-Wagah border to promote Indo-Pak trade", "text": "AMRITSAR: PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry has suggested to set up a 'Friendship Park' at both sides of the Attari(India)-Wagah (Pakistan) border to facilitate bilateral trade and commerce between India and Pakistan.Chairman, Punjab Committee, PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry Rajiv Bali who returned from Pakistan told TOI on Monday that the proposed Park would help in conducting business-to-business meetings among the businessmen of two countries at Attari- Wagah border where special one-day permit could be issued to the interested business personals by the government authorities of two sides to address necessary concerns on the same lines as permits were being issued to the truck drivers.Over the issue of increasing the number of tradable items between India and Pakistan through Attari-Wagah border, Bali said, \"both the Chambers agreed to urge their respective governments for the establishment of necessary infrastructure including godowns for storage and equipment,machinery for loading and offloading of goods.\"Delving into the details of the 'Friendship Park', Bali said that under the bounded area of \" Friendship Park\", meeting rooms for the traders and industrialists of both countries, auditoriums for organizing conferences and seminars, hospital, stadium for games (like cricket, hockey and other traditional games); cinemas and shopping centers may be established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188307", "title": "Kolkata on edge of disaster", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186361", "title": "4 drunk men attack traffic cop; arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Dundigal police arrested four persons, who in an inebriated state attacked Jeedimetla traffic police personnel, at Suraram on Saturday night.Mohammed Yousuf, 29, Ch Kiran Kumar, 36, B Praveen Kumar, 38, and M Nishanth, 30, who were in a Volkswagen Vento (AP 28 BR 4849), sped away during a routine vehicle checking at Suraram at around 10.30pm on Saturday. Inspector Mathew Koshy stopped a biker and with his help chased the car and intercepted it at Hanuman Nagar in Dundigal.\"The driver and passengers threatened to book an SC/ST case against me. But with the help of other policemen, I caught them and handed them over to the Dundigal police. All the accused were drunk and cases were booked against them under appropriate sections of IPC,\" Koshy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17188000", "title": "Professor practises what she preaches", "text": "MANGALORE: Apart from motivating students of School of Social Work, Roshni Nilaya to work in solidarity with the disadvantaged and marginalized people to help meet their needs, this professor pitches in her mite to make the earth a better place to live in.Vineetha Rai (48) practises what she preaches. Being a socially sensitive woman, she organizes several drives to make people aware of the need to protect the environment, to root out atrocities against women and children and to sensitize the public about various health issues.Vineetha with the help of her friends and like-minded people has been organizing awareness programmes on waste management in different parts of the city for the past 12 years. She and her friends go door-to-door to collect garbage. They later hand over the waste thus collected to recycling companies. She has also planted over 1,000 saplings across the Dakshina Kannada district. Vineetha regularly takes part in programmes conduced by the department of forest to spread the green message.To help rural population aware about vector borne diseases like malaria she frequently organizes awareness programmes in villages.For the past 25 years, she has been donating blood twice a year. She gives free counselling and free training on memory enhancement to special children.Vineetha shares her mobile numbers with the public. \"I share my number because the needy can call me anytime. I started doing social service during my college days and Swami Vivekananda is my inspiration.\" Vineetha added.She lives with her husband and son in the city. Her daughter is pursuing a business administration and law course in Pune. She has won the state-level best National Service Scheme programme officer award last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17192226", "title": "Ahmedabad students find mistakes in class XI physics paper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of XI (science) who appeared for their class XI physics paper of the first semester, reported that there were mistakes in the paper totaling to ten odd marks.Students said that certain questions in the paper did not have any correct answer in the four options given as answers. Marks of those questions which did not have any correct answer totaled to ten marks.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials said that the paper was reviewed by experts and no errors were reported immediately.However, the case will be pursued later to ensure no injustice is done to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186967", "title": "Rs 80-lakh makeover on cards for Shivaji market in Camp", "text": "PUNE: The 127-year-old Chhatrapati Shivaji market in Pune cantonment is set for a revamp with the cantonment board earmarking Rs 80 lakh for major repairs of the market. The work is expected to be completed by March 2013.The works include repairing and replastering of walls, replacing of window grills, iron meshes and damaged stones, besides replacing parts of the roof that were leaking during the rains.The Shivaji market, a heritage structure, was built by the British in 1885. Over a decade ago, the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) had prepared a plan to tear down the old structure and construct a modern market to house more vendors. However, the plan never saw light of the day, following stiff opposition from environmentalists. Since then the market has been lying in an utter state of neglect.The importance of the market lies in its simplicity, central location and the subtle references to the multi-ethnic community that lives around it. The market is in a crowded area and most roads leading to it are narrow, leaving little space for parking. The granite Victorian Gothic style structure with high ceiling is known for its stability. The space allotment in the market is passed down from generation to generation.Cantonment executive officer K V Shirodkar told TOI: \"The PCB has made a budgetary provision of Rs 80 lakh for undertaking major repairs, including the walls and roofs. We have appointed a contractor for renovating the market.\"Since the structure is in a good shape it was decided to renovate the market. The renovation will be carried under the guidance of a heritage architect. The committee of the Indian National Trust for Art, Culture and Heritage will supervise renovation work.Shirodkar added, \"The renovation work was started a few months ago. The labourers are working slowly and carefully because the market is a heritage structure. The contractor has been asked to retain the existing structure intact. The work is expected to be completed by March end.\"PCB member Sangita Pawar: \"Repairing of walls and replacing of window grills and iron meshes has begun from the Jan Mohammed street side. The damaged stones are replaced with new ones. Replastering of walls has started in a systematic manner. Parts of the old roof, which were leaking during the rains, are also being replaced.\"To prevent waterlogging in the area, the PCB has replaced the drainage lines, Pawar said. Work on covering the storm water drains and replacing floor tiles in the market will start soon, she added.Hawkers will be restrained from encroaching upon the public areas and space will be created for loading and unloading of goods at entry and exit points of the market, Pawar said. \"Hawkers complain that lack of parking facilities has affected their business. We are creating additional parking space outside St Xavier's church and on the premises of Siddharth library,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17186908", "title": "Now, spacecraft to land like copters", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa has tested a new rotor landing system in an attempt to enable its future space capsules to land like helicopters.The idea behind the new landing system, tested in the 550 foot fall Vehicle Assembly Building at the space agency's Kennedy Space Center , is to replace parachutes with spinning blades to enable soft and controlled landings on land instead of the ocean.The rotor re-entry and landing system is designed for capsule-inspired spacecraft like the Orion Multipurpose Crew Vehicle that should fly before the end of the decade, the Discovery News reported.The landing system's process is called auto-rotation, and while it's been proven on helicopters it's never been tried on spacecraft.Currently, getting the blades deployed the right way is the challenge facing engineers. There are bombs whose fins flick open at high speed, and engineers think a similar mechanism could deploy the blades and start them spinning almost immediately.Control fins on the side of the capsule would keep it from revolving with the blades, the report said.Engineers are testing ways to get the rotors to start spinning with drop tests in the VAB. With the scale model capsule suspended 480 feet above the floor, engineers can use a helicopter radio-control unit to remotely change the rotors' pitch and slow the capsule's fall.Rotors could help recover spent rocket stages as well as spacecraft.The idea is to have rotors built into the booster frame and unfurled as the stage descends to Earth, the empty rocket just as controllable as a spacecraft for a soft landing.Future rotor re-entry test will get more complicated, eventually involving full-scale models dropped from high-altitude balloons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187328", "title": "Help yourself, but mind your waistline this Diwali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A few kilos mean the difference between a pair of slim fit jeans and plus size. Let's face it, festival cuisine can easily squeeze you out of the slim fits and into the plus size. Most would not take that sportingly, but then, giving up on Diwali goodies takes will. If you thought you could have second helpings of low calorie or sugar-free sweets without the scales weighing heavy on your mind, think again.Dieticians say getting away from sugar is harder than you think. \"Sugar-free or low calorie sweet meats are an eyewash. No food is sugar-free as sugar occurs both in the natural and artificial form. Diabetics tend to eat more of such sweets thinking they are sugar-free. We advise them to eat normal sweets in limited quantities,\" said Madhu Sharma, senior dietician, PGI.What that means is you don't have to go austere with temptation lurking everywhere. You can indulge, but in moderation. For example, a syrupy rasgulla has 300 calories while a chocolate cake has 400 calories. But the extra calories can be avoided by giving the syrup a miss or taking off the chocolate from the cake. Few can resist the sight of delectable sweets, especially when they are graciously offered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17187627", "title": "Britain's Labour Party in dynastic push", "text": "LONDON: The British Labour party appears to be following the example of Indian political parties - dynastic politics. Former PM Tony Blair's son Euan, 28, is being touted for a safe parliament seat. Euan's mother Cherie recently confirmed he has quit his job as an investment banker to concentrate on a political career. \"He didn't have much time to work for Morgan Stanley and do politics,\" she said.Euan has worked for Labour in past elections. He fancies a seat in Coventry in the west midlands of England. Interestingly, he's taken a job as a business development director in a firm in Coventry, which is linked to the UK government's welfare-to-work programme.And Euan Blair's name is not the only one that's cropped in the Westminster grapevine. Emily Benn, granddaughter of Labour veteran Tony Benn, who was a cabinet minister in the 1970s, and niece of Hilary Benn, who was environment secretary in the Labour administration under Gordon Brown, is an activist who might make a bid for the House of Commons.Will Straw, 31, whose father Jack was home secretary and foreign secretary, is also aspiring to become an MP in the 2015 general election. He is said to be eyeing a constituency in the north-western county of Lancashire. Currently, he is an associate director at the Institute for Public Policy Research, a think tank seen to be on a close wave length with Labour.Straw admitted to the UK's Sunday Times newspaper that he is \"talking to local people\" about whether he would be the right candidate.Another erstwhile Labour minister and pollster, Ian Gould's daughter, Georgia, is local councillor in Camden in north-west London. This elected position is often a stepping stone to entry into the House of Commons. She missed being selected for a south-east London constituency in 2010. Now, she could be in the running for a seat where actress Glenda Jackson will be retiring or another where an ex-health secretary Frank Dobson will be vacating.A Labour official was quoted as saying, \"Georgia is destined to become an MP whatever happens.\"John Prescott was deputy prime minister to Blair during his 10-year reign at the top. His son, David has also not denied throwing his hat into the ring.Joe Dromey, son of Harriet Harman , who succeeded Prescott as deputy prime minister and is now number two to the leader of opposition, Ed Miliband, is also in the running.\"Never say never,\" he remarked to media, but did not think he will stand in 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17186120", "title": "Markham college wins cricket match", "text": "Sindri: Markham College of Commerce, Hazaribag and KSGM College, Nirsa remained winners in their respective matches on the fourth day on Sunday in the inter-college cricket tournament of Vinoba Bhave University being organized here under the aegis of BIT Sindri.Markham College of Commerce defeated J J College, Jhumri Telaiya by four wickets. J J College won the toss and decided to bat first. But the entire team was out on 86 runs in 21 overs. Suraj Kumar (25) and Saddam Kureshi (24) were the highest scorer from the team. While Anand of Markham College took 3 wickets for 30 runs, Manish and Akhilesh took 2 wickets each by giving 15 and 5 runs respectively.In reply, Markham College made 87 runs in 22 overs for 6 wickets. Ranjeet (33) and Ehsan (19) remained highest scorers from the team. Saddam took 3 wickets by giving just 21 runs and was declared the man of the match. In another match, KSGM College, Nirsa defeated B B M College, Baliapur by 9 wickets. BBM College won the toss and decided to bat but were all out for 83 runs in 23 overs. In reply, the KSGM College made 86 runs in 11 overs for one wicket. Mohd Arshad of KSGM College who took 3 wickets by giving 8 runs and made 27 runs was declared the man of the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187262", "title": "Man gets 21-yr jail for rape, kidnap", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to 21 years in jail by a trial court for kidnapping and raping a five-year-old girl and then throwing her into a canal after trying to strangle her to death and burning her hair.Observing that crime against children shook the conscience of the society and any mercy shown to the convict would be misplaced, additional sessions judge Kamini Lau sentenced Shree Bhagwan to life imprisonment for rape and seven years for kidnapping with the direction that both the jail terms would be served by the convict consecutively.The court also directed the Delhi government to pay Rs 1 lakh as compensation to the victim for her rehabilitation while saying the convict had committed a \"ghastly\" and \"barbaric\" crime and has imparted her life-long trauma. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 60,000 on the convict saying, if realized, Rs 50,000 should be given to the victim.In February this year, Shree Bhagwan had taken the minor to a secluded place on the promise of giving her a fruit to eat and raped her. He then tried to strangle her and burnt her hair after which he threw her into a 15-foot deep canal.The girl was rescued by a passerby, Sonu, who saw her clinging to foliage on the canal's bank. Noticing the accused loitering near the canal in a suspicious manner, Sonu got him nabbed with help of others and had him handed over to police who filed a case.Even while the convict sought leniency on the ground that he was a first-time offender and was the sole earner in his family, the court refused to show any leniency to the convict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "17186920", "title": "2 killed, 13 injured as bus rams into truck", "text": "ERODE: Two people died on the spot when a private inter-state bus plying from Bangalore to Kerala with 30 passengers rammed into the rear of a goods truck near Thudupathi diversion in Perundurai here early Sunday morning.At least 13 passengers, including a woman, were injured and were rushed to two hospitals in Perundurai. All of them are said to be in stable condition.According to Perundurai police, the accident occurred around 1am when the bus rammed into the rear portion of the truck, registered as a contract cement carrier, heading to Coimbatore from Sangakkiri in Salem on National Highway 47 near Thudupathi curve.Around 30 passengers, mostly salaried class and students from Bangalore, were heading home in Kerala when the incident occurred.The bus operated by Yathra Travels with Karnataka registration had started from Bangalore late Saturday evening. Police claimed that the bus driver suddenly lost control of the vehicle and rammed into the truck which was moving ahead of it in the same lane.\"The injured were immediately rushed for medical aid and they are out of danger,\" said K Gunasekaran, deputy superintendent of police, Perundurai sub division, Erode district.The deceased were identified as J Prince (35) from Kattapana and Y Yedhukrishnan (23) from Adoor in Kerala.Prince was the standby driver of the bus while Yedhukrishnan was reportedly returning from Bangalore after attending a job interview. He reportedly boarded the bus at the last moment and was not in the initial list of passengers.The front cabin of the bus was completely mangled in the impact of the collision and the driver of the vehicle also sustained injuries.Five injured passengers were rushed to a private medical facility in Perundurai with slightly serious injuries and the remaining five are recuperating at Perundurai government hospital.\"All injured people are stable at the moment. We have registered a case based on the truck driver's complaint. We are yet to take the statement of the bus driver as he is under treatment,\" head constable Parameswaran said.The truck driver Annamalai of Salem was heading towards Coimbatore along with his cleaner. Both of them were unhurt in the incident. Perundurai police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187476", "title": "Emergency landing at IGI after bird hit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A Bhubaneswar-bound flight was forced to make an emergency landing at IGI airport in city following a bird hit on Sunday. The accident caused a gaping hole on the nose of the Air India flight IC-877.Air India authorities said the flight safely landed back at the New Delhi airport and no one was injured. Sources said the flight was expected to land in Bhubaneswar at 1.20pm.\"After flying for 20 minutes, the pilot announced emergency landing back at IGI. It safely landed and no one was hurt,\" said BJP leader Murli Sharma, who was in the flight. \"After landing, we saw there was a deep hole on the nose of the plane,\" Sharma added.On November 3, a Delhi-bound flight returned to Biju Patnaik airport a few minutes after taking off owing to a bird hit. All passengers were safe.Bird menace has become a frequent problem with 12 such cases reported this year. Officials said birds are often attracted to the city airport as its periphery is littered with remnants of dead animals because of slaughter houses in the vicinity.A month ago, chief secretary B K Patnaik had directed officials to initiate measures to stop bird menace, considering the state government's bid to fetch the city airport an international tag. Official sources said efforts were on to shift the slaughter houses to new locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17188408", "title": "Howrah thirsts for water", "text": "HOWRAH: Long winding queues of empty buckets and jars placed under taps and tubewells and a mad rush to collect water - this is the common scene that greets visitors in Howrah. The city reels under water crisis throughout the year and the problem peaks in summer, resulting in riot-like situations.In June this year, 22-year-old Sirajuddin Mullick was killed in Kazipara when his neighbours punched him and hit him with iron rods as Mullick pushed his way towards the Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC) tanker that had come with the day's water supply.If you ask any resident here about the biggest problem that faces Howrah city area, the answer would be unanimous: water. Long winding queues of empty buckets and plastic jars and a mad scramble to collect the last drop before the supply abruptly ends is perhaps the most common scene. The problem peaks in summer when riots are fought over every dwindling drop. In June this year, 22 year old Sirajuddin Mullick was killed in such a queue, as his neighbours punched him and hit him cruelly with iron rods as he pushed his way towards the Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC) tanker that had come with the day's water supply since pipeline repair in the Kazipara area (ward 37) had dried up the taps.The death triggered a series of protests against the HMC, so much so that Howrah Central MLA and state agricultural supplies minister Arup Roy paid repeated visits to the affected areas with municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim in tow. A political blamegame between the Trinamool-led state government and CPM-led HMC also started. The tussle has finally borne fruit with a mammoth water intake jetty being planned on the banks of the Hooghly. Work on the project will begin soon under KMDA's supervision.Water from Hooghly is supplied to Howrah homes after being treated at the Puddapukur Water Treatment Plant. The plant has a, whose capacity has increased from 28 million gallons per day in 1984 to of 40 million gallons per day (mgd) and serves a population of 12 lakh. Since this was not sufficient, the KMDA built another plant inside Puddapukur with an additional capacity of 30 million gallons per day. This total supply of 70 mgd is, however, a myth, say civic officials.According to the data available with the HMC water supplies department, the two plants together are able to generate not more than 55 mgd in the peak season (monsoons). In summer, the crisis deepens with very little water flowing through the intake jetty into the plants for treatment. Siltation also poses a major problem, especially during low tide.As a result of the low flow of water, the seven pumps of Puddapukur cannot work to capacity. Engineers at the water supply department say that four pumps are incapacitated at most times and the river bed needs to be de-silted. because of low water supply. Unless the river bed near the jetty is de-silted, the problem will remain.The plant was built in 1984 when the population of the city was 7 lakhs. Today the population has increased to 12 lakhs. The capacity of the treatment plant has increased from 28 million gallons per day in 1984 to 40 million gallons per day now. Since this was not enough, the KMDA had built another plant, inside Puddapukur with an additional capacity of 30 million gallons per day.However, this total supply of 70 mgd is a myth. According to the data available in the water supplies department of the HMC, the two plants together are able to generate not more than 55 mgd in the peak season, i.e., monsoons when the Hooghly is full to the brim and adequate water supply is available for the two plants to work full steam. In summer the crisis peaks because the Hooghly flows below par and very little water flows through the intake jetty into the plants for treatment. Siltation is a major problem, causing the flow to drop drastically, especially during low tide. As a result of the low flow of water through the existing jetty, the seven pumps of Puddapukur cannot work to capacity. Engineers at the water supply department say that four pumps are incapacitated at most times because of low water supply. Unless the river bed near the jetty is de-silted, the problem will remain. In summer when water riots were routine in at least 10 wards of the city, Puddapukur was not able to generate even 50 mgd. Besides, the two pipelines connected to the intake jetty that carry water from the Hooghly to the Puddapukur plants are choked with plastic and garbage, revealed a recent inspection by the state government under the leadership of Arup Roy proved that both the pipelines are choked with plastic and garbage. As a result very little water was entering them from the jetty. Roy prodded the municipal affairs department to initiate a clean up job. \"Firhad Hakim has already initiated this.Immediately after the cleanup of the pipelines, the water flow will increase,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17186432", "title": "APSMFC in need of drastic overhaul", "text": "It is almost a month since APSMFC scam has hit the headlines. The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of AP police is continuing its investigation even as the four kingpins of the scam are cooling their heels in judicial custody. CID is yet to come out with its findings on the role of 'insiders' of APSMFC in the scam wherein Rs 55.47 crore of fixed deposits of the corporation were fraudulently siphoned off in a pre-meditated conspiracy. The then managing director, a general manager and an accounts officer were placed under suspension by the government which suspected their complicity in the scam.The minorities welfare secretary has complained to RBI, seeking investigation and action against Vijaya Bank branches in connection with the fraud, and demanding recouping of defrauded amount to APSMFC. The secretary has also constituted two teams with audit officers drawn from various departments for auditing the accounts of the corporation and its district offices. The services of a chartered accountant have also been engaged for auditing the accounts of the corporation for the last four years.In the wake of the scam, the government has posted a new managing director in APSMFC. The minorities welfare department is contemplating measures to revamp its functioning, since the corporation is handling a huge budget. In the current financial year 2012-13, the corporation has been allocated Rs 418.58 crore for implementing various schemes for the benefit of minorities such as Muslims, Sikhs and Buddhists. AP State Christian (Minorities) Finance Corporation is nodal agency for schemes meant for Christian community with budgetary allocations of Rs 28.65 crore.APSMFC is implementing nine state government schemes and three central government schemes. Nine of these schemes are meant for provision of pre- and post-matric and merit-cum-means scholarships, fees reimbursement and maintenance of pre and post-matric hostels and residential schools. The remaining schemes pertain to training and employment for minority youth, subsidy for bankable scheme and conduct of mass marriages of poor Muslim girls. Recently, the corporation has been entrusted the responsibility of disbursing scholarships and fees reimbursement to Urdu medium students and minority students under BC 'E' category and for implementation of Rajiv Yuva Kiranulu scheme for minority youth throughout the State.For managing budgetary allocations of more than Rs 400 crore annually, the corporation has only 11 officers and 30 supporting staff at its head office and one officer and three subordinate staff at each of the 22 district offices. The total strength comes to 129, comprising 33 officers and 96 subordinate staff. Though the district-level officers of the corporation are designated as \"executive directors,\" they are only junior officers of the rank of branch managers of banks! Some of these officers double up as district minority welfare officers as well.The minorities welfare department has drawn up proposals for reorganizing APSMFC for facilitating better field work and effective functioning of its district offices. The corporation is to be strengthened at the regional level also. At present, all the four regional officers are stationed at the head office at Hyderabad and looking after subjects like state and central government scholarships, hostels and residential schools and training and employment programme. The government has proposed to locate three regional officers--at Nizamabad for Telangana, at Kurnool for Rayalaseema and at Vijayawada for Coastal Andhra.Apart from strengthening the organization at head office and regional levels, there is an imperative need for reorganising and augmenting the district offices with more officers and subordinate staff.Moreover, the Corporation itself needs to be restructured. Presently, it is functioning as a corporate body incorporated with the Registrar of Companies. The corporations meant for Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and Backward Classes in the state are all registered as cooperative finance corporations under the AP Cooperative Societies Act.Similarly, APSMFC should be delisted as a company and instead registered under the Cooperative Societies Act. This will ensure better functioning, monitoring, supervision and audit of this corporation on the lines of the other cooperative finance corporations.Qualified persons should be recruited by the corporation for strengthening its head office and field offices at district level. Quality staff is the need of the hour in this corporation, since it is currently saddled with unqualified and under-qualified staff with poor skills and inefficient track record. Some of the present executive directors have literally 'risen from the ranks,' having started their career as Class IV staff or clerks and getting quick promotions to reach their present status in a matter of years. Several staffers are closely related to each other and function as law-unto-themselves. This 'self-rule' must come to an end in the corporation.(The writer is a member of Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17185855", "title": "Slow pace of development work irks Hazaribag deputy commissioner", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan on Sunday expressed dissatisfaction over the slow pace of development work in rural areas of the district.He was reviewing development work in Barhi, Ichak and Tati Jharia blocks of the district. The DC issued show cause notices to the executive engineer, assistant engineer and junior engineer for the poor pace of development.He also directed treasury officer to withhold their salaries till further orders.Urging the engineers concerned to show interest in the development work, Ranjan expressed anguish over the slow pace in issuance of Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs) to the needy and poor farmers of the district at a time when growing of Rabi crop has started in full swing after the recent rainfall.\"I have asked the BDOs to co-ordination with banks and farmers properly so that latter can start their cultivation immediately. Every block should distribute 1,000 KCCs,\" Ranjan said.The DC also directed the BDOs to monitor the projects taken up for 1,935 children suffering from malnutrition in the district and ensure whether they are getting proper relief. He said all 1,935 children who were adopted by various people and officials of the district are getting the real benefit or not and see whether they are now healthy or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "17191370", "title": "Surat wears deserted look on Diwali", "text": "SURAT : The diamond city wore a deserted look on Monday with lakhs of city residents having either left for their native places or gone on a tour to celebrate the festival of lights.Some of the city areas like Athwalines, Adajan, Ring Road, Chowk Bazaar, Railway station, Udhana etc. that remain jam-packed during the peak hours wore deserted look with few commuters seen on the roads.The overcrowded trains and buses revealed that thousands of people left the city for their homes for the Diwali festival. The buses ferried at least 10,000 passengers per day in the last couple of days on account of the festival.With Diwali, New Year and Bhai Duj festivals falling on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday respectively, the residents have got an entire week to celebrate with their family and friends.The scene in the city is likely to remain the same for another week. The traffic cops have heaved a sigh of relief as traffic issues in the most congested will not be there during the vacation period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186522", "title": "Rosaiah releases stamp on India Cements founder", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah on Sunday released a commemorative postal stamp in honor of T S Narayanaswami, founder of India Cements.The stamp and a booklet, named \"Life and Times of Shri T S Narayanaswami', was released as part of late Narayanaswami's birth centenary celebrations.India Cements was established in 1946 with its first plant being set up at Sankarnagar in Tamil Nadu in 1949.N Srinivasan, son of Narayanaswami and managing director of India Cements Ltd, recalled the memories of his father at the programme and the emergence of the company that catered to the demands of most of the south Indian states and Maharashtra.M A M Ramaswamy, chairman of Chettinad Group of Companies, and senior postal department officials took part in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186127", "title": "Akhra blends urban, rural fashion at varsity festival", "text": "RANCHI: Curtains came down on Akhra-Tribal India International Festival, organized by Central University of Jharkhand, on Saturday with fashion show and food fest. The fusion fashion show, aimed at bridging the gap between rural and urban designs, was a crowd puller.Kuki and Naga tribes came up with some impressive designs, which used western and ethnic designs keeping up with the theme of the show.A Thadou Kuki man, in western suit made from traditional textiles, set the stage on fire. The woman sported a cocktail gown in satin with floating headgears which added a rural flavour to the otherwise western attire. Fusion jewelleries completed the winners' team's look.The Sangtam Naga tribe, the first runner-up, was particularly praised for its choice of jewellery. The man in denim and the lady in a short frock embossed with ethnic designs made the crowd roar with appreciation.For Jharkhand's Kharia tribe, winner of the second prize, simplicity was the mantra. While dresses were kept simple, accessories took the limelight. The man was dressed in kurta and pyjama with an elaborate cotton waistcoat.The lady used a two-piece saree in a way that it looked like a gown and stole resembling western wear.The show was a major attraction, besides the food festival.Nokdila Khating, president, CUJ Wives' Welfare Association , and a renowned artist, graded the ramp-walkers \"We are surprised to see the end result how ethnic wear when contemporised with modern design can bridge the gap between rural and urban style,\" she said.Speaker CP Singh, praising the students' innovation, said, \"This not only helps youth get acquainted with rich cultural diversity but also reminds us of our responsibility to safeguard the heritage.\"The academic sessions of the three-day festival focused on tribes and literature and hundred years of Indian ethnography. Novelist Ramanika Gupta, who was among the key speakers at the fest, said, \"CWe all are aware of the tribal richness we share, but Central University of Jharkhand should come up with some workshops and seminars on tribal literature and writers, for the upliftment of tribal people in the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188368", "title": "Stay away from morning walks this Diwali", "text": "KOLKATA: Environmentalists have sounded an alarm for the morning walkers during the Kali puja. As far as elderly people and children are concerned, the short-term enhancement of surface level ozone, coupled with high level of pollutants, might prove fatal, alerted the environmentalists.\"It is really bad for the people with heart and respiratory ailments,\" they said. Though detailed data is not available on little study has been carried out on surface ozone pollution during Diwali, sporadic studies show the sudden enhancement of surface level ozone during Diwali hits the lung functioning and makes it susceptible to pneumonia, influenza and asthma.The surface level ozone is produced by the photo oxidation of carbon monoxide (CO) and hydrocarbons in the presence of adequate amount of Nitrogen Oxides (No and NO2) at low height. The massive increase of vehicular population and resultant emission only make the situation worse. As people light firecrackers, there is a sudden surge in ozone levels in between 8.40pm and 2.30am the next morning, the studies revealed.In case the present meteorological condition of lower temperature, coupled with stable atmosphere, prevails on the Diwali day, higher concentration of pollutant is expected and so is the enhancement of ozone pollution. Pollution from carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide and suspended particulate matters due to ignition of fireworks during the festival is well-established. But the addition of surface level ozone pollution leads to real health hazards. Even the doctors have noticed a surge in the number of pneumonia and influenza cases, said environment scientist Sanghamitra Das.The Pollution Control Board (PCB) reports revealed that during Diwali last year, the surface level ozone was 30.69 and 36.42 microgram per cubic meter respectively at Rabindra Bharati and Victoria Memorial automatic stations. While on November 10, the reading of surface level ozone at Victoria Memorial was as low as .56 microgram per cubic meter. \"Although surface ozone exhibits high natural variability throughout the year, there has been a pattern in its rise during Diwali, which is quite alarming,\" said a senior scientist with NEERI.Both the state and central pollution control boards will be monitoring the ambient air quality during and before Diwali.Even the CPCB officials admitted that compared to the normally-observed ozone levels, the ozone concentration was higher during Diwali. The ozone levels were found to be higher in 2011 compared to 2010, and exceeded the ambient air quality standard for three hours. The results were discussed in light of enhanced vehicular traffic and emission of ozone precursor gases from fireworks, transport of ozone and climatic conditions during festival of lights.Fireworks contain harmful chemicals such as potassium nitrate, carbon and sulphur apart from an array of chemicals like strontium, barium , sodium, titanium, zirconium, magnesium alloys, copper and aluminium powder to create the colourful effects. While burning, they release gases such as carbon monoxide (CO) and nitrogen dioxide (NO2). Because of this wintry chill, these pollutants refuse to escape in to the air. They stay longer than usual duration. So, it is better to walk in the afternoon or in the evening than in the morning, said Shankar Sinha, another scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17187832", "title": "Silver outshines gold this Dhanteras", "text": "BANGALORE: White, not yellow, was Bangaloreans' preference this Dhanteras, on Sunday. The city saw big buys of silver on strong festive demand. Dhanteras, the 13{+t}{+h} day of the Hindu calendar month of Ashwin, is considered auspicious to buy precious metals.The most in demand this year was the silver diyas (lamps). They were grabbed by many, naturally, on a Diwali eve.\"My daughter is expecting a child next month. Today being a very auspicious day, I decided on buying silver lamps for my grandchild,\" said retired professor TS Mallika.Prof Mallika said she was not too particular about buying something specifically for Dhanteras all these years, but with this being a special year, she decided on observing the ritual.Industry sources said that it is the stable price of silver that made people invest in it this time. \"Last year, the price of silver had gone up steeply around the festival time and people were not too confident to invest in it. But its price has remained more or less steady throughout the year and that seems to have given people a lot of confidence to purchase the white metal,\" said C Vinod Hayagriv, managing director of C Krishniah Chetty and Sons, Bangalore.Shubh Jewellers, which introduced silver coins in their stores this year, were happy with the response. \"Today, we have sold 265 kilos of silver bars so far,\" said a spokesperson from the jewellery house early in the evening. The jeweller was expecting a larger turnout late in the evening.Overall, the business has grown this Dhanteras, said the industry sources. Gold, down by a huge margin last year, is back in business and even diamonds are being bought this time.\"I had set aside some money to buy a pair of diamond studs this year. This is an add-on to my husband's gold purchase every year,\" said Roohi Sahota, a software professional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17188232", "title": "Minor fire at drug company", "text": "BANGALORE: A minor fire broke out at the manufacturing unit of Himalaya Drug Company on Tumkur Road near Nelamangala on Sunday morning.Police said the fire was noticed at 10.30am when two employees who had just checked into the company's R&D; unit saw smoke emanating from a container. The staff who were present at the factory alerted the fire brigade who arrived immediately.Four fire tenders doused the flames in almost one hour. There were no casualities, police said, probably because it was a Sunday.Fire and emergency services officials suspect the fire outbreak was caused due to a chemical reaction of the contents of the container. \"A few electrical wires in the unit have been burnt,\" they said.The container which caught fire has been sent to the laboratory, a senior fire officer said.Referring to the incident, Himalaya Drug Company authorities said no major lose has been reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17188034", "title": "Making an enterpise out of picking waste", "text": "BANGALORE: Ragpickers are not ragamuffins but environmentalists. For, they scavenge our streets to keep the city clean. Green activists like Nalini Shekar are working overtime to rid ragpickers of the taint by ensuring that picking waste is nothing short of an enterprise.Co-founded by the 48-year-old Nalini, NGO Hasiru Dala is working on the city's ragpickers on two fronts: sensitize them so as to ensure that they go about their job more efficiently and ensure that the authorities don't treat them as ragamuffins but give them an honourable identity.Thanks to Nalini's efforts, hundreds of ragpickers from the city have gained a sense of identity. Hasiru Dala has got the BBMP to issue them identity cards and these ragpickers are now the lynchpins in the civic body's waste management efforts. Hasiru Dala introduced ID cards in Augsut 2011.Hasiru Dala educates ragpickers on better ways to segregate and recycle waste. They are also made aware about biogas and green-house effect.\"Ragpickers are silent environmentalists/green workers. They play a huge role in reducing the green-house effect. They are hard-working individuals who earn by selling the reusable waste they collect,\" Nalini explains.In slightly over a year, Nalini and her organization have elicited tremendous response from the community of ragpickers. \"We started working full time in June 2011. Since then our membership has reached 4,000. Our members consist of waste pickers, waste itinerary buyers and waste sorters, but 80% of our members are waste pickers,'' she says.According to Nalini, ragpickers earn around Rs 200 per day. The organization is keen on ensuring that picking waste is a profession. It has introduced a certification programme for scrap dealers. \"This programme is being conducted in association with Jain Group of Institutions. Thursday was our first Convocation Day and 17 graduated,\" she says.As part of its awareness inititatives, Hasiru Dala also sends waste-pickers to attend workshops abroad. \"We are sending a waste-picker to Brazil next month for attending workshops on waste. Two others from Delhi will join him. We would like to make them aware of their potential,\" she says.According to Nalni, Hasiru Dala envisages a future where ragpickers become trained entrepreneurs, forge groups and build biogas generators and dry waste collectors in every ward of the city .Hasiru Dala also broadcasts its activities for ragpickers on an FM channel every day.Return of the nativeBorn and brought up in Bangalore, Nalini Shekhar spent 23 years in the US and Maharashtra. Returning to Bangalore, Nalini chose to work among waste-pickers to create opportunities for them. For Nalini, working with waste-pickers is also about environmentalism given their role in reducing and recyling waste, thereby blunting the green-house effect.Green concerns are a matter of day-to-day existence for Nalini. \"I don't buy tomatoes, brinjals, lemon anymore. I grow them in my garden,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187250", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBJP double standards on corruption exposed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Congress came down hard on the BJP alleging that the party has double standards while dealing with corruption issues and discriminates on casteist lines. In a statement issued on Saturday, the Congress' leader of Opposition Ajay Singh said: \"The party that swore by the name of Ram and suitable conduct has created history. The BJP is the only political party in the country with two sitting national presidents accused of corruption. But in this too, was exposed the BJP's double standards where the party president from a tribal community, Bangaru Laxman, was immediately removed and side-lined whereas the same party and the RSS stood like an impenetrable shield when Nitin Gadkari's corruption was uncovered.''Ajay Singh taunted that BJP veteran leader Lal Krishna Advani had gone on a 'yatra' against corruption and black money. LK Advani's image building exercise for the BJP has been destroyed by Gadkari, he added. \"The entire country witnessed how BJP national president Bangaru Laxman accepted a bribe and when Gadkari's fake companies were revealed, the BJP's double standards on dealing with its corrupt politicians was in the open for all to see.\"The Congress leader of Opposition argued that BJP-ruled Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh top the corruption chart in the country. In the past one year, corruption worth Rs 1,000 crore has been unearthed in Madhya Pradesh. \"It means that an average of Rs 100 crore of corruption is transpiring in the BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh.'' Singh argued that the Congress has always been talking about the difference between the preaching and the practice within the BJP. Quoting BJP leader Ram Jathmalani's recent comments that Lord Ram was a \"bad husband\" and Vinay Katiyar's support to that argument, Ajay Singh alleged: \"The political party that misused the name of Ram for political mileage seems to have no respect for him. Jethmalani's statement and Katiyar's validation prove the BJP's 'faith' in Ram.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187245", "title": "", "text": "BHOPAL: Support for Pakistani teenager Malala Yusufzai, who was shot at by the Taliban last month, is swelling in various quarters of the Muslim community. But many, including the All India Muslim personal law board (AIMPLB) and the Delhi's Jama Masjid Imam are shying away from supporting a demand for the prestigious Nobel Peace Prize for Malala. \"We neither support nor oppose the noble peace prize (for Malala). It is important to bring about real change to lives of women and girls, which should be the objective,\" said AIMPLB assistant general secretary and spokesperson, Maulana AR Qureshi at a press conference here on Sunday.\"The entire ideology of the Taliban is condemnable not just the attack on Malala Yusufzai,\" said Qureshi. \"Those who do not adhere to their (Taliban) brand of Islam cannot be threatened or killed. Attempting to kill a fellow Muslim like Malala is against Islam,\" said Qureshi. Education, rights of women and girls was a premise of Islam, he added. The girl was shot in the head on her school bus in Swat, Pakistan, on October 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185688", "title": "IIT-Guwahati students spend time with Snehalaya orphans", "text": "GUWAHATI: Twenty-five students from the Indian Institute of Technology spent some quality time with children at Snehalaya Children Home and orphanage as part of their Children's day initiative called 'Muskan' on Sunday here.The Children's day initiative 'Muskan' is directed towards social projects which itself is part of 'Techniche' the institute's technological and management festival, also dubbed as one of the country's biggest techno-management festivals of its kind.The students interacted with the children and organized a quiz competition for them and also distributed prizes to the winners. A football match and several workshops including dance, painting and photography were also conducted.\"Techniche festival is back in the city with Techniche'13, the 15th edition of its kind. To start off with the fest, our social initiative team organized Muskan, an event aimed at making a difference to the lives of children living in orphanages like Snehalaya, Dhiranpara. We organized several events wherein the children got the opportunity to display their skills in sports , music, dramatic, fine arts and so on. The main motive behind this was to identify the hidden talent in them in various fields,\" said ABR Bharadwaj, an IIT-G student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi/bokaro", "code": "17187158", "title": "Yashwant Sinha likens Rahul Gandhi to wedding horse, Congress up in arms", "text": "NEW DELHI/BOKARO: Amid continuing uncertainty over when Rahul Gandhi will formally take charge of the Congress, senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha stung the ruling party by his remarks on how the young leader remained in a state of limbo.Speaking in Bokaro in Jharkhand on Saturday, Sinha compared Rahul to a horse which carries the groom to his wedding, leading a whole line-up of Congress leaders to swiftly come to the scion's defence. They said the BJP should be worried about its chief Nitin Gadkari who is facing charges of questionable business practices.\"Rahul Gandhi is like a horse which carries the groom on its back at weddings. The horse is always stuck at one place. It does not move. Similarly, Rahul Gandhi also does not move. Many efforts are being made to get him to do something, but he doesn't. Some try to push him but he still refuses to move. Till the time he isn't ready, how can Manmohan Singh do anything? This is the crisis today,\" Sinha had said.Taking offence, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh said in Delhi that the BJP leader should first state whether he considered Gadkari as his party's chief or not.Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari joined in, saying it would be good for Sinha and BJP if he focussed on problems being faced by his party. \"We have a lot of respect for Sinha... But with regard to BJP's own issues, it might be good for him and also BJP if he focuses his attention on them,\" Tewari said.Commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma said if Sinha comments on Gadkari and the plight of BJP, then it will be appropriate. \"Manmohan Singh is the country's prime minister and belongs to the Congress party. Yashwant Sinha should be worried about the situation faced by BJP. If he makes comment on Gadkari and the plight of BJP, then it will be appropriate,\" he said.Congress MP Sandeep Dikshit said Rahul, who led the party to victory in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, had established his leadership. \"And I think BJP should well be aware of the fact that as his (Rahul's) leadership is growing, his influence is growing, his strengthen is growing,\" he said.Minister of state for HRD Jitin Prasada said Sinha should concentrate on his national president and what he is up to rather than focusing on Congress. \"I think he (Sinha) should better focus on his national president and what he is up to rather than focusing on our party,\" Prasada said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187155", "title": "CM revives UP IAS Association after 5 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 550 officers-strong UP IAS Association that was lying comatose for five years is all set to be revived. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday formally sanctioned the revival of the association by agreeing to inaugurate the Service Week, to be held from January 11-13.Expected to boost the morale of UP bureaucrats, Akhilesh has also invited the state's babus to organise sports events, including a friendly CM-11 versus IAS-11 cricket match. The composition of the chief minister's team, though, remains uncertain.Led by a delegation of IAS officers including agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan, secretary, UP IAS Association, Parthsarthi Sen Sharma and infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta, among others, the officers requested the CM to participate in the proceedings of the Service Week.Earlier this week, following a meeting of the UP IAS Association, the association designated new temporary office bearers, appointing Ranjan as president, Parthsarthi Sen Sharma as secretary, Kaushalraj Sharma as joint secretary and Bhuwnesh Kumar as treasurer.The last meeting of the association was held in 2006 under the Mulayam Singh Yadav government. Starting 2007, the custom was dropped after Mayawati was sworn in as chief minister and Shashank Shekhar Singh, a \"non-IAS officer\", was appointed the cabinet secretary. Following what was believed to be an ego clash between the bureaucrats and Singh, the IAS Association stopped hosting the Service Week. In what was believed to be the lowest ebb in the 100-year-old history of the association, former chief minister Mayawati, sources said, was also advised against giving time for the annual general meeting of the IAS Association. Soon after, the association also ceased to exist, with office-bearers resigning one after the other.During the 2013 Service Week, bureaucrats will host the senior administrative officers' conference and an annual general meeting among other functions in a bid to provide an opportunity to officials from different corners of the state to exchange ideas. Senior officers of the state government will also get an opportunity to interact with field-level officials on a direct level, during the weeklong celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191372", "title": "Why did Selva and Vikram part ways?", "text": "Selvaraghavan and Vikram had planned to make a film together but the film was shelved eventually, despite the pre-production work was on in full swing.We hear that the producer requested for a commercial masala potboiler, which Selva wasn't ready to do. Hence, it was the producer's decision to drop the project, say sources from the film fraternity. Selvaraghavan, in the meantime, has started his own production house and is gearing up for the maiden venture, which will have Yuvan Shankar Raja scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186166", "title": "MIM threatens to pull the plug on Congress govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) on Sunday threatened to withdraw support to the Kiran Kumar Reddy government holding the ruling Congress responsible for continuing unrest in the Old City, a move analysts said could spell further trouble for the wobbly government.MIM's fresh threat literally puts the Congress government on notice with the key ally all set to take a final decision at its executive council meeting here on Monday. A visibly angry MIM president Asaduddin Owaisi said they would also decide whether to continue support to the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government at the Centre. The MIM, which has seven members in the 294-member state legislative assembly, is the lone Muslim party extending crucial support to the Congress, which has a wafer-thin majority in the House. The Congress strength is 152 and could come down to 148 with four ruling party MLAs threatening to jump over to Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress Party.Owaisi announced the party's decision to reconsider support after a canopy was erected over the Bhagyalakshmi temple abutting the 400-year-old Charminar. Earlier in the day, tension prevailed in the Old City following the arrest of seven MIM MLAs when they were protesting against the 'expansion' of the temple abutting the monument. They were released in the evening. Incidents of stone-pelting and protests were reported from different parts of the communally-sensitive Old City as a curfew-like situation prevailed in the markets around Charminar and its surrounding areas.Owaisi, the lone party MP, questioned the rationale of the police in sealing off all the routes leading to Charminar in the early hours. Sources said MIM's trenchant attack on the government came after the temple authorities covered the bamboo structure over the temple with a tarpaulin sheet, which they said was to protect thousands of devotees from the sun and rain during Diwali. But the police, anticipating retaliation from Muslims living in the area, cordoned off streets and began rounding up people as a preventive measure.\"I hold the chief minister responsible for the unrest in the Old City and he has shown that his government is not secular,\" Owaisi told reporters at a packed news conference.\"MIM will now have to decide whether it should continue supporting the state and Union governments,\" Owaisi said.In the event of the four Congress MLAs joining YSR Congress, the ruling government could be in trouble if it fails to pacify smaller parties like MIM, analysts said.Observers said that though the government may not face an immediate threat the withdrawal of support by MIM could be a big setback for it ahead of the 2014 elections.Last December, MIM had opposed a no-confidence motion moved by TDP. The party which provides a cushion to the Kiran Kumar Reddy government has so far been supportive mainly to thwart BJP from making forays in the state.But lately Owaisi has been saying that he has been 'let down' by Congress and attacked the government for arresting his legislators like \"thieves and cowards, ironically on Minorities Rights' Day\". He also blamed government inaction for the tension. \"This reminds Muslims of the demolition of Babri masjid. This has proved that the government is not secular,\" Owaisi charged. Analysts held the government responsible for the prevailing situation as the police and the administration have been passing the buck on the issue and has finally asked the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to intervene. A senior ASI official said from Delhi that they would look into the matter at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187405", "title": "Pak terror camps: Hamid Karzai to knock on Barack Obama door", "text": "Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai speaks to Times Now's editor Arnab Goswami on the US timeline for withdrawal from his country and the role of Pakistan in the region\"It is no longer a secret,\" says President Hamid Karzai, \"and (even) Pakistan doesn't deny that any more. The region is infested by (terror) sanctuaries.\" Karzai says this has been conveyed to the US repeatedly, and also at times through the media.\"I hope that now with the re-election of President Obama , we will be sitting down for a frank conversation so we can find answers to these questions. The war on terror cannot be fought in Afghanistan because it isn't in Afghanistan. It has to go to the sanctuaries. Those sanctuaries are in Pakistan, and in Afghanistan wherever they are.\"Asked if he is disappointed by Obama's first term insofar as US's promises to Afghanistan were concerned, Karzai said, \"We have issues with the US and we want them addressed and while we are addressing these issues, we also want the transition to Afghan security forces completed in time in 2013 and the withdrawal of international forces from Afghanistan by 2014. So that Afghanistan can conduct its own security and provide for its people through our own forces.\"Karzai says Americans never had the immunity to raid and search Afghan homes but this will become simply impossible after 2014. The issue he is willing to respect is a strategic partnership with the United States signed about eight months ago.Asked whether Afghanistan needs foreign powers' involvement in its affairs, Karzai says, \"Unfortunately, the region has failed to provide for itself in terms of security and the clarity to fight against extremism and terrorism.\" He adds, \"The region itself has provided reasons for America and Nato to come.\"We are to blame to for what is happening. Now who has done what is something we should leave for another occasion. But clearly, the region has brought the trouble that pains us so much today, upon ourselves.\"Karzai does not believe that foreign troops have brought peace. \"That is the contention that we have with the US. They have not brought security to Afghan lives; rather they have caused serious pain to the Afghan people.\" But he agrees that the broader picture of stability in the region is something that the US and Nato presence has helped bring about.\"In the macro picture of things, they have delivered better. Within Afghanistan, we have issues with them. Whether Afghanistan needs US presence beyond 2014 and in the format that you are talking, is in the positive. Yes, we do need their presence; in what form and under which conditions we will find out. We have already set some conditions under the strategic partnership. We have also put certain conditions in the security agreement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17186901", "title": "PMO minister says CAG may be expanded, kicks up row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA was caught in a fresh controversy over the comptroller &amp; auditor general (CAG) after V Narayanasamy, minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office, was quoted as saying that the government was \"actively considering\" converting the federal auditor's office into a multi-member body.\"It (VK Shunglu panel's suggestion to make changes in CAG) is under active consideration. The government is actively considering it,\" news agency PTI quoted the minister as saying. The committee under former CAG Shunglu, tasked to look into the Commonwealth Games fiasco, had suggested that the CAG be turned into a three-member body for greater transparency.The minister \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who told the news agency that the CAG had become \"more impatient\" and was making remarks that were \"unwarranted and unnecessary\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was forced to backtrack after strong criticism from political parties such as BJP for what they claimed was an attempt to weaken the auditor's office.Narayanasamy, who also holds charge of the personnel ministry, later said he was misquoted by the news agency. But PTI stood its ground and released the transcript of the interview, which was not questioned by the minister.The statement came days after CAG Vinod Rai told industry leaders at the World Economic Forum that \"the brazenness (with which) decisions were being taken is actually appalling\", while urging citizens to act against corruption and not wait for the government to initiate steps.At the event, he also suggested that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) and the proposed Lokpal should be made constitutional entities to shield them from government interference.His statement at the WEF was immediately attacked by Congress leaders with information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari saying that Rai, a former IAS officer, was also part of the government. A day later, Digvijay Singh joined in, asking the auditor to prevent leaks from his office.Narayanasamy's remarks on Sunday are seen to be part of the response to the CAG who has acquired a reputation of causing embarrassment to the government through a series of reports such as the ones on 2G spectrum, Commonwealth Games, Coalgate and award of oil blocks and contracts to run airports and power plants.Nearly two decades ago, faced with a marauding TN Seshan in Nirvachan Sadan, the government had turned the Election Commission into a three-member body. Since then, the government has followed a practice of appointing a chief election commissioner and two election commissioners. Similarly, the CVC now has a chief vigilance commissioner along with two deputies.Terming the move to make the CAG into a multi-member body, BJP leader Yashwant Sinha said the proposal was a \"very bad idea\" and also \"unconstitutional\". He said there was a need to make a distinction between the Election Commission and CAG, as the auditor could not be treated like a commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17187849", "title": "Man fires in air to scare neighbour", "text": "HUBLI: Old Hubli police station police have arrested a person on the charges of firing in air during a fight with his is neighbor in Aravind Nagar on Saturday night in Hubli.Speaking to TOI, the inspector said Arthur Lawrence Simon, 56, fired in air with his revolver to threaten his neighbour when tension rose between them over a petty issue.H N Doddmani, theneighbour, has lodged a complaint in the old Hubli police station against Arthur Lawrence Simon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186138", "title": "CBSE's 'Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation' to examine, improve Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is seeking feedback from schools on a voluntary basis about its much hyped Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system. The online form has been uploaded on the board's website and urges teachers and principals to share their thoughts.Officially dubbed the National Scientific Research Study on CCE, the survey is hoping to find areas of CCE that can be further improved. The board says the reforms it introduced with CCE are \"continuing and being strengthened further during the ongoing session\".CCE was introduced in phases by CBSE in 2000 (classes IX-X), 2004 (I-V) and 2007 (VI-VIII). It was revamped and strengthened further along with a grading system from the 2009-10 academic session.The objectives of the latest study are to understand teachers' acceptance and adoption of CCE, understand what motivates teachers to adopt CCE, to determine the skills required by teachers for the use of CCE, to establish support structures like ICT needed for teachers to use CCE, and examine challenges in the implementation and continued use of CCE.A board official told TOI that such feedback is necessary since there was initially a lot of resistance from schools to CCE. \"Nobody likes change, especially when it means some extra work. But CCE in reality is not adding extra work, it is just a different way of doing things. All the formative assessment activities were already happening in schools, but we never had it so well structured. Names like summative and formative assessment may sound overbearing but in reality it is a simpler way of doing things,\" she said.While the board is improving upon the CCE scheme, it is also innovating to suit regional needs. Maharashtra is an example that stands out in this regard. One of the principles of CCE is to give grades to students rather than actual marks. However, when std X students of the board seek admission to junior colleges of the state board, they need to compete in the merit list based upon the marks scored. Hence, the board has issued an order that schools in Maharashtra can release marks to their students to facilitate admission to colleges here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190636", "title": "Anjali to do item number in Singham-2", "text": "A winning combination of talent, ability to dub in Tamil and the oomph factor is now taking Anjali to places. The prettly actress is slowly but steadily turning to be one of the hottest rising stars in Tamil cinema.The girl who went all out to discover her glam side with a raunchy number in the hit Kalakalappu is now doing a kissing scene with Arya in Settai .The Angadi Theru actor is now supposedly going to shake a leg with none other than Surya in Hari's Singam 2 .The buzz is that she has been paid a huge amount for the item song which Nayan and Sriya were unable to do due to date issues. is slowly but steadily turning to be one of the hottest rising stars in Tamil cinema", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187971", "title": "Thieves rob Dhanteras glitter off Bhubaneswar couple", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thieves made off with gold ornaments worth over Rs two lakh from a couple's house at Niladri Vihar here. The theft occurred on November 8 when Dilip Barik, a credit manager of a private telecom company, and his wife were away in Puri.\"We had purchased the gold ornaments a few days ago when the jewelry shops were offering discounts for Dhanteras and Diwali. Thieves stole all our ornaments,\" Barik told TOI. Surprisingly, the thieves did not steal a laptop, LCD television set and other electronic gadgets in the house.Barik and his wife had rushed back to Bhubaneswar on November 9 after a tenant in their building informed them about the theft. Barik then lodged a complaint at Chandrasekharpur police station on the same day.According to the victim, the thieves had entered the house by breaking a window on the back. They broke the steel chest of a cupboard in which the ornaments and a few thousand rupees were kept. The cash was also stolen. Though three other families are staying on rent in the two-storey building, none of them got a whiff of the burglary, leaving the Bariks at their wits' end. \"We suspect the involvement of some daily labourers engaged on a construction near our house. We do not have any maid or servant in our house,\" he said. \"We were shocked that they left behind a laptop, micro oven and LCD television set,\" he added.\"We are investigating the case. The thieves must have known that the couple had purchased gold recently,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187508", "title": "Senior citizens help keep Diwali clean", "text": "LUDHIANA: The awareness to keep Diwali pollution-free has found roots among senior citizens too, after youngsters went all out to spread the message of celebrating a \"green\" Diwali.These grandparents have been exhorting their grandkids to shun crackers this Diwali and have decided to celebrate theirs' by gathering at the senior citizens' bhavan at the park on Lodhi Club road to light lamps and candles together.\"When we decided to celebrate a green Diwali, we thought charity begins at home and motivated our own families to minimize cracker use as much as possible. We will distribute sweets after illuminating the park on Diwali evening,\" said Gulshan Singh Buttar, 62, a retired government employee residing in BRS Nagar.Former dean of Colleges of Veterinary Sciences K K Bakshi, 70, who resides at the Housing Board colony, said, \"It is not just the air pollution but even the noise pollution on Diwali night is a problem for senior citizens and infants. We are asking the children in our families to refrain from firing crackers.\"Retired director of the Punjab employment exchange Sham Lal Vig, 67, resides at Housing Board colony and believes that people should be caring towards others. \"One's celebration must not be troublesome to another,\" he added.BRS Nagar resident and a social activist Naginder Singh, 62, said people burst crackers worth crores every year only to wake up to the mess they make the next morning. \"There is garbage all around on roads, streets and localities. Celebrating the festival like this also causes numerous fire incidents every year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186661", "title": "BPL patients in Dholpur land up with fungus-infected medicine", "text": "JAIPUR: Two fungus-infected bottles of medicine were given to BPL patients at Government General Hospital in Dholpur.The medicines were given to the patients under the chief minister's free medicine scheme.The incident occurred on Saturday when one Meena and her son Anupam, residents of Sitaram Colony, were prescribed Endozyme syrup for stomach infection.The syrup bottles, which they procured free of cost from the BPL counter, was found containing fungus and worms. When the patients took the bottles to the doctor, he spotted fungus in it and asked them not to consume it.Principal medical officer (PMO) Dr RC Pipesh said, \"We do not have the syrup bottles as the patients took them home. The drug inspectors from Bharatpur will investigate into the matter.\" He said the medicines were purchased for the BPL patients' scheme.The medical health and family welfare department has sought a detailed report from the medical officer. Rajasthan Medical Services Corporation (RMSC) managing director Dr Samit Sharma said, \"I have sought a complete report in the matter. The drug containing fungus was not in the list of essential drugs which we are providing free under the chief minister free medicine scheme. The drug has nothing to do with RMSC as it was purchased locally at the level of PMO.\"Endozyme is a mixture of different enzymes and it does not come under essential medicines. Health department sources said the drugs were purchased locally from an Alwar-based company. Now, drug inspectors have been directed to investigate into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187782", "title": "State to soon get panel for protection of child rights", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has decided to set up State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) as well as formulate an act on %the lines of National commission for Protection of Child Rights Act.Earlier, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) have taken Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh in the Punjab and Haryana High court over the constitution of SCPCR and Child welfare Committees in districts and over implementation of other rules related to child rights.Vinod Kumar Tikoo, a member, NCPCR, said, \"While Chandigarh administrator has already approved constitution of SCPCR and Punjab filed an affidavit in the High Court in the matter, it was only Haryana which was to follow suit. The next hearing in High Court in this matter is on November 18.\"Director general, Women and Child Development Department, Sumita Misra said the setting up of SCPCR had been approved by state government in a press statement.Misra added that Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS) was being implemented in all the 21 districts through District Child Protection Society (DCPS) and District Child Protection Committee (DCPC) for children in need of care and protection and for juvenile in conflict with law. About 95 shelter or children homes were being run by various private organizations and persons in the State.There is also a proposal to construct children's home at Rohtak and Hansi and proposal to construct observation %home and special home for boys at Madhuban, in district Karnal is also under process, she added. Misra said that state government had appointed protection- cum-child marriage %prohibition officers at district level to prevent child marriages.Haryana social justice and empowerment minister Geeta Bhukkal on Sunday said that state would soon have an act on the pattern of NCPCR Act so as to ensure protection of children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17188510", "title": "As winter tightens grip, rush rises at natural hot water springs", "text": "MANALI: Come winters, and tandoor, electric room heaters and natural hot water springs become the highpoint in the lives of residents of Kullu. Nevertheless, given the \"natural health\" factor, residents throng the hot water sources to get respite from the biting cold.The main hot water springs are located at Vashisht, Manikaran, Kalath and Khirganga, which host thousands of residents daily these days. Although many locals come to these springs throughout the year, the number goes up manifold during the winter months. These springs also serve as meeting places for the people, who can be seen spending hours together in these waters, sources said.The hot water having sulphur content, which is oozing out of earth, is stated to have medicinal properties and is believed to cure skin and bone related diseases. These springs also have religious importance for Hindus, Sikhs and Tibetans. Hundreds of Tibetans, suffering from obesity, camp here during winter while people from Sikh community take dip in water at Manikaran Sahib gurdwara in Kullu. The Vashisht hot water spring is believed to have sprouted after Rishi Vashisht hit the earth out of anger.\"Over a thousand people from distant areas are reaching here daily for having a warm dip,\" a resident of Kalath, Pankaj Mahant, said. Kalath has six community springs and given the demand, many people are digging the earth to extract water for commercial use, he added.On their part, tourists are second to none to enjoy bathing in natural hot water during winters. Dozens of tourists reach Vashisht daily to take a natural cost-free hot water bath. The Khirganga spring is famous among foreign tourists staying around Manikaran and Kasol. Water is extremely hot at Manikaran springs where it is directly used to cook food. Cold water is added to it to bring down its temperature and make it tolerable for bathing, sources said.Meanwhile, Manali on Wednesday recorded minimum temperature of 1.6 degrees Celsius while it was 4.4 degrees Celsius at Bhunter near Kullu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17187407", "title": "Pak moves on 26/11 trial ahead of Malik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's recent steps in connection with the 26/11 trial \u00e2\u20ac\u201d indicating possible cooperation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d coincide with renewal of cricketing ties between India and Pakistan and also a proposed visit of the country's interior minister Rehman Malik to New Delhi to operationalize the new visa regime between the two countries.However, observers are still to be convinced as the Lashkar-e-Taiba has been a long-standing strategic asset for the Pakistani establishment.On Sunday, five Pakistani CID inspectors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Muhammad Nawaz, Tahir Hussain, Khadim Hussain, Saleemullah and Hafiz Imran \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who testified in the ongoing 26/11 trial, maintained in their statements that they had collected information on LeT's training centres around the country and forwarded the report to the government. They said perpetrators of the Mumbai attacks were trained at LeT training centres at Yousaf Goth in Karachi, Buttle in Mansehra, Mirpur Sakro in Thatta and Muzaffarabad. These centres were abandoned by the LeT soon after the November 2008 attacks.\"Lakhvi was LeT's operational commander who trained other militants. He was an expert in using firearms and improvised explosive devices. He also remained 'commander' of LeT in Azad Kashmir,\" the inspectors' statement said.The inspectors informed the court that suspected abettors Abdul Wajid, Mazhar Iqbal, Hammad Amin Sadiq and Shahid Jameel Riaz were also trained at LeT centres and at sea near Yousaf Goth in Karachi's Gadap town.Chaudhary Zulfiqar Ali, the special public prosecutor of the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA), told the court that the witnesses were responsible officials who had recorded their statements without any pressure. \"They had no ill-will against the suspects. It was their job to keep the militants of proscribed organizations under observation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17191185", "title": "Father kills son over food tussle", "text": "SURAT: A 26-year-old farmer was murdered by his father over a minor tussle about food in Rajvad village of Mandvi taluka in Surat district. The father was arrested by the Surat police for allegedly killing his son using a stick.Vikesh Chaudhary returned home from his farm on Saturday evening and demanded food from his mother. His mother offered to serve food cooked in afternoon. But Vikesh got agitated and started scolding at this mother. To stop the tussle Vikesh' father Sadhu tried to intervene. Vikesh shouted at Sadhu and asked him not to intervene. Vikesh allegedly continued the tussle with his mother and father both.It led to a heated argument between the two and Sadhu attacked Vikesh using a stick kept in the house. Sadhu hit Vikesh on head with the stick and injured him severely. Listening to the noise neighbours gathered around the house stopped Sadhu. Vikesh was shifted to a nearby hospital in 108 ambulance service. He was declared dead by the doctors at the hospital.Dharmesh Chaudhary, elder son of Sadhu, lodged a police complaint against his father that his brother was murdered by his father. Police arrested the accused and investigation is on to collect further details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187422", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcA person dies of diabetes every 10 second\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To mark the advent of World Diabetes Day on November 14, a public lecture was conducted at a private hospital in the city on Sunday.Dr Ajay Yadav, consultant vascular &amp; endovascular surgeon, said up to 25% of patients with diabetes would develop foot ulcer - more than half of all foot ulcers would become infected, requiring hospitalization and 20% of infections result in amputation. \"Diabetes contributes approximately 80% of all non-traumatic amputations performed yearly. After a major amputation, 50% of people would have their other limb amputated within two years,\" he said.Experts deliberated on the mortality rate as there is one person in the world dying of diabetes every 10 seconds, while there were two new diabetic cases in the world being identified every 10 seconds. Every 30 seconds there was a major amputation happening among diabetic patients and by 2025 there would be seven million new diabetic cases in the world, experts stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187555", "title": "Man held for setting wife on fire", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old man was booked by the Virar police on Saturday for setting his wife ablaze reportedly for not getting him money from her parents to buy a motorcycle. The woman, Durgadevi Yadav (25), is currently admitted to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli with 75% burns.A truck driver, Ramji Yadav is an alcoholic. His wife told the police that he would return home drunk and assault her. \"Durgadevi also refused to give in to Ramji's demands for money for a bike,\" a police officer said.Around 4.30am on Saturday, they had another fight over the bike and Ramji opened a can of diesel and emptied it on his wife before striking a match to it, said the police. Residents of the area put out the fire and took her to hospital.Ramji was arrested but got hospitalized, complained of a leg injury. \"We have booked him for attempt to commit murder and cruelty to spouse,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186424", "title": "Charminar turns 'hot'spot", "text": "HYDERABAD: The historic Charminar, which usually comes alive on Sundays with a large number of local and foreign tourists and hawkers thronging the place, resembled a war zone with policemen in riot gear standing guard outside barricades.Caught completely unaware, the police sprung into action on Sunday morning when they saw a tarpaulin cover on the roof of Bhagyalakshmi temple at Charminar. Immediately, troops arrived in the area there and bundled out all hawkers, forced down shutters, blocked roads and picked up several people as part of preventive arrest.Locals, who had planned a stroll on a lazy Sunday morning, were forced to stay indoors, while women and children peered through windows and looked down balconies.As news spread, some people pelted stones at the police and shouted slogans.Mohammed Ashraf, a local resident, who wanted to take his daughter to a hospital as she was unwell, ended up cursing authorities. \"My child is very ill and I am trying to get her to a hospital. But all routes are either sealed or traffic is being diverted. The police are in no mood to listen to my pleas. Who will take responsibility if something happens to my daughter,\" Ashraf said.As sporadic incidents of stone pelting continued more and more policemen arrived and residents anticipating big trouble locked doors and shut windows. Within minutes the entire areas witnessed near bandh like scene.The business community were the worst affected as Sunday was Dhanteras, an auspicious day for shopping. Many lamented, saying they had big plans to buy some jewellery from local markets around the area.The unexpected traffic restrictions imposed in major junctions caused a lot of inconvenience to the public and police who got into verbal duel. Angry residents even shouted slogans against the police. \"Why is the police force there if they cannot identify and stop mischief mongers? Why should the general public suffer?,\" said an old man.\"I am trying to go towards the city and for the past half an hour but I am just doing around in circles within the same area,\" said a motorist.The Bhagyalakshmi Temple, which is in the midst of the controversy, however kept receiving devotees unmindful of the situation outside. \"On any day we receive a minimum of around 1000 devotees but today there were about 50 devotees due to the tension,\" said P Susheel, a temple committee member, standing guard outside the temple among hordes of policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17188080", "title": "Overweight kids at risk for diabetes", "text": "BANGALORE: Aastha, name changed, is her parents' only child. Her parents fulfil her every wish. The child wants burgers and pizzas twice a week and prefers cola to milk. The result: the eight-year-old is overweight and diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes generally got by adults.Sedentary lifestyle, love for junk food and parental pampering are leaving children with pre-diabetic condition or Type 2 diabetes, say pediatric endocrinologists. Each doctor sees about 10-15 new cases in children every year and about 15-20 borderline cases every month.\"Today, most couples have one child and they pamper the child, including overfeeding him or her with junk food. Children are also not encouraged to do physical activities. In fact, they are made to play videogames and they become couch potatoes,\" said Dr Shaila Bhattacharya, consultant pediatric diabetician and endocrinologist, Manipal Hospital.\"It is very important for parents to keep a check on their child's body mass index. Aastha had no history of diabetes, but was diagnosed with this disorder during a health check at school. Her glucose index was as high as 220 ml,\" said Dr Bhattacharya.Aastha is now undergoing diet modification and other lifestyle changes.Said Dr Rajeshwari J, consultant endocrinologist, Columbia Asia Hospitals: \"Type 2 diabetes among children can be best controlled by making dietary and lifestyle changes. If the sugar level goes out of control they should be put on oral medication and insulin.\"As for juvenile diabetes (Type 1), though there are no South India specific studies, endocrinologists say the incidence ranges from 3-10 per 1,00,000 children, and it is rising by about 3% every year.Dr Anjana Hulse, consultant, pediatric endocrinologist, Apollo Hospitals , said: \"Type 1 diabetes is usually caused due to the failure in the functioning of pancreatic beta cells and possibly due to an auto-immune destruction. Basically, diabetes is a hereditary disease.''The symptoms include frequent urination, drinking excess water, over-eating and loss of weight. \"Both boys and girls are vulnerable to it. Parents of obese children are advised to take their child for a diabetes test,'' said Dr Hulse.Patient speakParents of Manu (9) of JP Nagar noticed early last year that the boy was lethargic and frequently hungry. They assumed this was part of growing up, until the day Manu was rushed to hospital with excruciating stomach pain, vomiting and dehydration. Diagnosed with diabetes, Manu was immediately put on daily insulin shots.\"My daily regimen has changed since then. I can play and go to school as usual, but I have to take three shots of insulin a day. It is painful, but I have accepted it as part of my life. I miss eating sweets. But my doctor said I can eat small portion of sweets during festivals so I am happy,\" said Manu.B'lore diabetics have least control: surveyAccording to a survey, diabetes is under 'least control' in Bangalore compared to other metros in India.The survey conducted for DiabCare India by Novo Nordisk covered over 6,000 patients and found that over 80% of diabetics have poor control over the disorder and are at high risk of complications. The key findings include: 46 average age of onset of diabetes; 26.5 is average BMI (falling in the overweight category), a result of the changed lifestyle and diet of Indians; 57% of those surveyed did not exercise and 38% surveyed had a family history of diabetes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187068", "title": "Dhanteras joy rides on hatchback sales", "text": "LUCKNOW: The suspense created by the market lull and poor bookings ended on Dhanteras, considered the most auspicious day for buying in the Indian market, with customers in the city predictably loosening purse strings and spending big money, though not as much as they did last year. More cars sold than gold, electronic goods and domestic appliances, but there was a fall in sale figures in all categories.The daytime sales were not encouraging but as night fell, revenues rose and the cash box began to jingle in all outlets, whether selling automobiles or gadgets or jewellery. President of the 100-member Lucknow Car Association Sanjeev Sahni said, \"Close to 500 four-wheelers have sold compared to 700 cars last year. It's a decline close to 25 per cent but inflation is to blame. Sale of second-hand cars is hit worse with a 30-per cent decline in demand for old cars.\" Maruti Suzuki sold maximum number of cars, about 35 per cent of total car sales, followed by Hyundai and Tata, respectively.This season cars in the hatchback segment are ruling the roost and diesel variants are the bestsellers. Ford which launched hatchback diesel variant of Figo two years back is reaping the benefits now. About 70 per cent of Ford's sales have come from Figo. Similarly, Toyota which launched its affordable hatchback last year Etios Liva (Rs 4.5-5.5 lakh) has come out as the company's bestseller. \"It is a hot pick among fleet owners, cab agencies and government departments. It has given us about 60 per cent of our festive sales\", said Nitin Shah, corporate manager-sales of a showroom of the company.In small and hatchback cars, 350 units were sold worth Rs 26.60 crore and they included models of Maruti, Hyundai, Chevrolet, Tata and Toyota. Hatchbacks sales constituted 60 per cent of the sales. Two-wheelers this season generated a revenue of Rs 9.85 crore, comprising sale of 1,970 units of Yamaha, Hero, Honda, TVS, Suzuki and Bajaj.State president of UP Adarsh Vyapar Mandal (covering close to 150 markets) Sanjay Gupta shared the figures with TOI, \"While computers, laptops and mobile phones registered a total sale of about Rs 5 crore, electronic goods and home appliances including refrigerators, washing machines, TV panels, microwaves, oven, food-processors, geysers and air-conditioners generated approximately Rs 10 crore.\" There is a clear decline of 15 to 20 per cent this year compared to last year but it is satisfactory, actually more than expected given the present conditions of inflation, he commented.In jewellery sales, there is a dip of 25 per cent. Last year, about 250 kg of jewellery including gold and silver sold during Dhanteras, but it has dropped to 200 kg this year. Organization minister of Lucknow Sarafa Association Adeesh Jain, said, \"Since the rate of gold has shot up significantly in the last one year, there is an increase in the value but volumes sold are less. People prefer to buy lighter ornaments. Last year, gold worth Rs 65 crore was sold in the city, we hope this year, our sales remain at par.\"Gupta confirmed that jewellers across the city earned Rs 40 crore from gold sales and Rs 70 crore from silver jewellery and other items. The rate of gold last year was Rs 27,175 per 10 gm which has risen to Rs 31, 300 this year. The present rate of silver is Rs 61,600 per kg.wait is over and the evening of Dhanteras has brought smiles back on the faces of millions of shopkeepers who were eagerly waiting for the day to make up for the losses generated during last week as a result of subdued demand. Markets which usually remain crowded and generate high volume sales during the week preceding Diwali was marked by low sales, lull backdrop and just a couple of bookings. The shopkeepers were pinning all hopes for the final day and the wait was worth.Even though the daytime sales were not too impressive, the evening picked up fast. Quite surprisingly, almost all categories saw good response during the later part of the day, which was almost missing in earlier few days. The sales were comparatively low as compared to last year but the market fared well, given the present inflationary pressure on people. Sanjeev Sahni, president of Lucknow Car Association, a hundred member group said, \"This year close to 500 four-wheelers have been sold as compared to the 700 cars last year. It's close to 25 percent decline as result of inflation. But the second hand car sales have been hit the worst, there is more than 30 percent decline in the demand of old cars.\" Maruti Suzuki has sold maximum number of cars, about 35 percent of total car sales followed by Hyundai and Tata respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188205", "title": "Second phase of awareness campaign against dengue evokes good response", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The anti-dengue brigade of the state health department carried out the second phase of the dengue awareness campaign in the corporation limits on Sunday. \"Compared to the first phase of the three-phased awareness campaign, the second phase yielded good results. Almost all the households religiously followed our directions and cooperated with our volunteers. Directives to prevent water stagnation to reduce Aedes mosquito, which spreads dengue, were well followed by the residents,\" said district medical officer (DMO) Dr T Peethambaran.As many as 5,000 volunteers took up a door-to-door campaign and carried out source reduction activities in all the 100 wards of the corporation from 8am till evening.Though the official statistics will be out only by Monday evening, the DMO said each squad visited 30 to 50 houses on Sunday. \"Waste disposal is still a problem. Once that is put on track, the number of dengue cases can be brought to minimum. Our volunteers tell us that not even a single resident failed to follow the directions we gave in the first phase. It has to be said that the city residents responded well to our campaign,\" added Peethambaran.The entire corporation area had been divided into 25 zones and the volunteers, including workers of the health department, corporation and ASHA, visited mainly houses and commercial establishment for dengue prevention activities.The awareness drive was launched on November 4 after 2,250 dengue cases were reported in Thiruvananthapuram district this year. Of this, around 70% were reported from city limits alone. In all, 3,543 dengue cases were reported in the state. The district medical authorities said they have been provided with sufficient fund for the awareness programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191691", "title": "Nicole Westbrook might be the next Rebecca Black", "text": "Remember the screechy teen Rebecca Black and her addictive number, \"Friday?\" (The Kolaveri D of the West, for the uninitiated). The song, in which she pondered dilemmas like which car seat to pick and rattled of different days of the week in the name of poetry, catapulted her to stardom. While many hated on her, others turned into devoted fans, even calling themselves the Black Plague .Why the thesis on Black? Just so you guys can brace yourselves because there's a new Black Plague in town - this one's called Nicole Westbrook. The name of her song it's Thanksgiving is self-explanatory and it involves Nicole running around making a Thanksgiving dish and yelling, \"Turkey\" and Mash Potatoes\" while being thankful for there being no school. In a similar vein to Black, Nicole rattles off the different festivals of the West - all this ahem creativity has paid off. The video has received 2 million hits already?As catchy as its predecessor and as nonsensical as well, this song also features a dubious grown man prancing around in a Turkey costume with 14-year-old Nicole and her 14-year-old friends. Go figure!So is this a new holiday anthem or the beginning of our inevitable cultural decline? - Time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186771", "title": "Youth robbed near Chandni Chowk", "text": "PUNE: One Sanjay Dhumal (28) was robbed of his gold chain worth Rs 44,000 by unidentified persons near Chandni Chowk, late on Saturday night.This is the third robbery near Chandni Chowk in the last 15 days. On October 25, MBA student Nisarg Patel (22) from Bavdhan and his friend were robbed of gold chains, cash and a scooter, togethervaluables worth Rs 93,000. On October 28, an IT professional and his friend were robbed of valuables gold ornaments and cash, worth Rs 89,200.The Warje Malwadi police said that around 11 pm on Saturday, Dhumal, a resident of Ved Vihar society, had stopped his two-wheeler to check an SMS on his cellphone. \"Unidentified persons got down from a car and started assaulting Dhumal with a wooden stick. They snatched his gold chain,\" said sub-inspector S N Shinde.Police have launched a an operation to trace the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188511", "title": "She sold her kidney to protect son", "text": "KOCHI: It was a hard choice for Manju (26) when her family encountered difficult times in 2009. Her lover threatened to kill their son if she did not agree to sell one of her kidneys. She agreed, after an initial refusal, thinking that she was doing something for the welfare of her family but her lover vanished after selling her kidney. And now, she is struggling to eke out a living.Manju met Binu Pramod, a sales executive with a tea company at her workplace in 2005. Their friendship turned into an affair and she eloped with him and had a baby. After four years, the family faced hardships and Binu wanted her to sell one of her kidneys to his close friend who was to undergo kidney transplantation. He said that they would get Rs 10 lakh and the amount could resolve all their problems.\"I initially opposed his request. Later he threatened to kill our son. I had no support from my family and I decided to trust him. I signed all the documents he gave,\" Manju told TOI.Manju said she underwent the surgery at KIMS Hospital in Thiruvananthapuram in 2009 and she donated her left kidney. \"I was in the ICU for three days. When I enquired about Binu, I realized what really went wrong. He collected the amount and vanished. Above all, the recovery was nothing like I expected; it was painful,\" she said.She later filed a complaint in 2011 claiming that Binu had married her and absconded after selling her kidney. Last week, North police arrested three persons who had helped Binu sell Manju's kidney. Police have launched a hunt for Binu, who is absconding since 2009. Manju is staying with her mother and son at a rented house near HMT Colony in Kalamassery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187105", "title": "Cracker buyers in Lucknow ignorant of Supreme Court's ruling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Most of the shops selling fire crackers in the city are flouting the norms laid down by the Supreme Court, which makes it mandatory to print the noise level, chemical composition and a word of advice on the boxes. However, authorities are yet to act in this direction.According to the order passed by the Supreme Court on July 18, 2005, the Department of Explosives (DoE) should specify the composition and maximum permissible weight of every chemical used in manufacturing firecrackers. The details are required to be published on packets and boxes having crackers. The permissible limit of noise for a single cracker is 125 decibel and for a series of cracker is 105 decibel.Similarly, the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation's (PESO) notification to fire cracker manufacturers prohibits crackers with noise level exceeding 125dB (AI) or 145dB (C) four metres from the point of bursting. The Supreme Court has also directed the PESO to set chemical formulae for each type or category of cracker.When TOI visited the fire crackers shops in the city, it found shops flouting norms with impunity. The list of chemicals used in the manufacture of cracker was not mentioned on the boxes. Even the decibel range of crackers was not displayed. In some boxes, warnings like 'fire cracker should be burst in open' were mentioned but in other these details were absent. In fact, market is flooded with crackers, which are much louder and colourful in comparison to previous years. The colourful sparks are produced by chemicals used in making of the crackers. According to experts, apart from causing air and noise pollution, fire crackers contain toxic metals, which are also injurious to health, particularly for those suffering from heart and pulmonary diseases.However, Dawood, a shopkeeper in Aishbagh said that mentioning noise level label on crackers is of no help, because buyers never look at it. He said that loud fire crackers are always high in demand. The prices of crackers have soared this year by about 25%. However, despite all the risks, many are making a beeline to buy crackers. Deepak Pandey who had purchased two bags full of crackers said, \"I never check for chemical composition and decibel value of the crackers. As Diwali comes once in a year, I always buy crackers which are loud and colourful.\" Most of the people were ignorant about the Supreme Court guidelines and rules. They said that government should publicise about it and create awareness among people.When contacted, district magistrate Anurag Yadav, said, \"We will look into this and take appropriate action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187161", "title": "Accused of theft, help jumps off terrace, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: After being accused of theft by his employers, a domestic help jumped off the terrace of a six-storey housing society in Prabhadevi on Sunday. Rajneesh Prajapati (20) was found dead at Nugget society on New Prabhadevi Road around 11.30am. He worked at the house of Mohan Singh Parmar, who resides on the first floor of the building with his family. No suicide note was found.Prajapati, a native of Madhya Pradesh , had been working with the Parmars since August 18 but was known to them for a long time. He was paid a monthly salary of Rs 3,000.On Sunday morning, the Parmars decided to go shopping on the eve Dhanteras. However, they found Rs 32,000 cash missing from the cupboard. The family asked Prajapati about the money, but he denied knowing anything about it. He was then asked to open his bag. As soon as he opened the bag, a wad of currency notes fell out, but Prajapati claimed the money was his.The family then suspected that Prajapati must have kept the rest of the money with his friend, who worked at a neighbouring store. Parmar's wife immediately went to confront the deceased's friend. However, while she was on her way, she received a call from her house, saying that Prajapati had jumped off the building.After hearing a thud, locals gathered and then informed the Parmars, who took Prajapati to KEM Hospital, where he was declared dead. According to the family, Prajapati got scared on having being suspected of stealing cash, and took the drastic step.An accidental death case has been registered. The police said Prajapati had a dispute with his employers, but said they were probing the nature of dispute. Cops also said Prajapati was unwell for the past few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187406", "title": "Finally, a community centre for Sector 22", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation opened the newly built community centre in Sector 22 to the public on Sunday. The community centre, which has been designed like a hotel, was inaugurated by MP Pawan Kumar Bansal. With this, a longstanding demand of residents of the area has been fulfilled.The community centre has a fully equipped air conditioned hall with a capacity of 300, a bride room, modular kitchen, office room, library with computer facility, musical gymnasium, badminton courts and table-tennis room. The E-Sampark facility will also be made available in a month or two.The place has a spacious parking lot which can accommodate more than 60 cars. Besides, spacious lawns and open space promises ease in arranging marriages and other events. Addressing the gathering, union minister of railways Pawan Kumar Bansal lauded the development work done by the MC. \"Residents who cannot afford marriage palaces in the outskirts of the city have a very good and viable option in their own area now,\" he noted.According to area councilor Pardeep Chhabra, the community centre has been built at a cost of Rs 2.25 crore over 1.08 acres of land. He said a gymnasium hall and badminton and table tennis areas have been built for the convenience of children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188233", "title": "In 20 years, Kolkata may be like a desert", "text": "KOLKATA: If a major cyclonic storm hits Kolkata and the sea level rises, essential services like water and electricity could be crippled for days. Being close to the Bay of Bengal, the impact of a storm could be harder on Kolkata than any other in the eastern region.In the award-winning documentary 'An Inconvenient Truth', former US vice-president Al Gore , whose work on awareness of global warming and climate change won him the Nobel Prize, warned that the threat to Kolkata was next only to Shanghai . City experts agree. \"It is the Sunderbans that saved the city during Aila because it took the sting out of the storm after it hit the coast at 140 kmph. If Aila had hit Kolkata with this ferocity, thousands would have died. The storm surge would have inundated water treatment plants at Palta and Garden Reach and all the power plants on the riverbanks, crippling essential services for weeks,\" warned Centre for Environment and Development director Ashish Kumar Ghosh.Nearly 90% of Kolkata's drinking water supply comes from Garden Reach and Palta. Among the power plants that are susceptible include Budge Budge and Cossipore. So is Kolaghat in East Midnapore that supplies to CESC.These findings are part of a vulnerability study commissioned by World Wildlife Fund for Nature-India and carried out by Ghosh's team. The threat comes not only from inundation, though, experts pointed out. Kolkata is getting warmer as well. In less than 20 years, Kolkata may be like a desert. By 2029, summers will get so hot in Kolkata that stepping out during the day will be impossible, say climatologists.Summers have already got hotter and stretch out longer. Winters have got warmer and shorter. Studying the rate of warming, climate scientists predict temperature to rise by 4\u00c2\u00b0C in 20 years - touching 44 degrees - and 8 degrees in 50 years, to reach a scorching 48\u00c2\u00b0C. That's the same temperature as the Sahara Desert.For a city wondering where winter has vanished, the message rings alarm bells. This year, although it's the second week of November, temperatures are still four to six degrees higher than normal. \"We are experiencing global warming without realizing it. It is only when a threshold is crossed that it will stare us in the face. The impact will be huge on Kolkata. Not only will it have to cope with searing heat, it will also become a city with very little water,\" said Joyashree Roy of Global Change Programme, Jadavpur University, part of the Nobel Prize-winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change team.An adviser to the DFID-funded Kolkata Urban Services for Poor programme, warned that even the rise by a metre in sea level would lead to increased salinity in the Hooghly and submerge 350 transformers and all health centres in 13 to 14 municipal areas. \"Siltation of the river bed and reclamation of low land is already a problem for the city. Population density of low-lying land has gone up 75 times in the past decade against 16-time growth on high land,\" he said.Fatalities from heat stress would be a huge challenge given the population rise and migration from Sunderbans - large parts of which would submerge due to sea level rise, warns Roy. Health is also a concern, with both water and vector-borne diseases on the rise. \"Prolonged summers will be ideal for malarial mosquitoes. Also, piped water quality falls as the temperature rises, leading to waterborne diseases,\" she added.Future TenseVital services, like water and electricity, in Kolkata are extremely susceptible to cyclonic storms and sea level rise90% of Kolkata's drinking water supply comes from Garden Reach and Palta, both of which could be swamped if a cyclone like Aila hits with all its ferocityThe power plants at Budge Budge, Cossipore and Kolaghat could also be flooded, blacking out the city for daysA million people between Naihati and Budge Budge would be displaced in the event of a water surgeIf the water level rises by 1.5 m at high tide, over 6.5 lakh people living between Ariadaha and Garden Reach will be affected has commented that Bangladesh is better prepared to deal with natural disaster than neighbouring Indian state West Bengal.ADAPTATION STRATEGIESWATERIncrease water storage Make rooftop rainwater harvesting mandatoryDesilt canals and drainsRegulate ground water extractionImprove drainage systemRecharge by afforestation in different sections of cityCharge water useAGRICULTUREPlan agro-climatic zone wise production of crops to maximize productivityPopularize indigenous rice variety and introduce cultivars of rice and maize that are heat resistant and can endure water stressPopularize integrated farming system by combining crop, livestock and fisheriesProvide shades by planting trees in fields to avoid heat stress affect on cropsHEALTHInitiate research on impacts on vector, respiratory and water borne diseasesDevelop nutrition policyIntegrate climate change in health disaster risk reduction plans for cyclones, floods and droughtsPOWERIncrease share of renewable in grid power by 20% by 2020Make rooftop solar water heating modules compulsoryUndertake research to assess the impacts of climate change on power infrastructureWhat's worse, the city has no preparedness to deal with natural disasters, according to experts.Scientists studying the vulnerability of Kolkata from events triggered by climate change have warned that the city could be living on borrowed time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187485", "title": "Spreading cheer in others\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 lives lights up their festivities", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dhalls of Dugri Phase I and Nagpals of BRS Nagar B Block are quite busy with Diwali preparations. To add colour and fun to their festivities, they have decided to light up lives and not crackers.At the residence of Vijay Kumar Dhall, an engineer, his wife Suman, daughter-in-law Monica Chadha Dhall, brother Rajeev Dhall, a businessman, and sister-in-law Meenu Dhall are making arrangements for a fun-filled festival. Vijay says, \"We celebrate a green Diwali every year. Diyas illuminate our celebration, rangolis fill bright shades in it and distributing sweets among the poor makes it all the more delightful.\"Monica says, \"I am allergic to smoke and my husband Saurabh doesn't like bursting crackers. Our one-and-a-half year old daughter Suhaila too doesn't seem to like fireworks. And so, we prefer a clean and green Diwali. People should go for cracker-free festival, as it also checks pollution.\"At Rakesh Nagpal's house in BRS Nagar B Block, his wife Suman and daughter-in-law Shilpa Kapoor Nagpal too are gearing up for a traditional celebration. Suman, a homemaker, says, \"From this time onwards, we will celebrate a green Diwali. My son Arjun and daughter-in-law Shilpa too advocate the same. We will light up diyas, pray and visit our near and dear ones. And later, we will feed the poor. The best way to celebrate it is by bringing a smile on others' faces.\"Shilpa wants others too should celebrate a safe Diwali. \"Pollution level goes up during the festivities due to burning of crackers. Besides, it triggers a number of ailments, like naso-bronchial allergies. So, we should try to celebrate a pollution-free Diwali,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186108", "title": "Relocation of villages in PAs to get a boost", "text": "NAGPUR: To protect wildlife interests, the state government has decided to toe the line of ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) by offering a package of Rs10 lakh per family to relocate villages in protected areas (PAs).Principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi said relocation funds from MoEF are for tiger reserves. \"Similar package will be granted for rehabilitating villages from Navegaon, Tipeshwar, Koyna and other parks where there are no funds from MoEF,\" said Pardeshi.He added that the state spent Rs32 crore last year and Rs21 crore this year on rehabilitation. There are 41 wildlife sanctuaries and six national parks in the state. Of this, area of four national parks is part of the Melghat, Pench, Tadoba and Sahyadri tiger reserves. There are 215 villages and 9,617 families in these parks. _In 2008, the MoEF had revised its relocation package from Rs1 lakh to 10 lakh by giving two options. In the first option, a family can take Rs10 lakh and move out of the reserve without any involvement of forest department, while under the second option, of the Rs10 lakh, 35% is to acquire agriculture land, 30% for settlement of rights, 25% for house construction and 10% for community facilities.The earlier package of Rs1 lakh was meagre and the state had to pump in money under various schemes to give PAPs various facilities. Henceforth, the state will adopt the MoEF package for relocation. Earlier, in case of national parks and sanctuaries, state had finalized its policy in July 2000 and amended it from time to time. However, both state and MoEF's policy on the issue was at variance.The state's present policy on relocation of villages in PAs coincides with the Maharashtra Project Affected Persons Rehabilitation Act (MPAPRA), 1999. Under the said Act, there is a provision to rehabilitate PAPs in irrigation projects benefited zone. However, as such zones are not available for PAPs from sanctuaries, procuring alternative land was becoming difficult.The state has finally issued a GR on November 3, adopting the MoEF formula of relocation. Option 1 will include voluntary resettlement as per the gram sabha resolution agreeing to move out of the protected area by going in for Rs10 lakh cash. Unlike MoEF, every family member above 18 years will be considered a separate family.Such voluntary relocation will not require provision of Rehabilitation Act about issuing notices under Section 11 followed by Sections 13 and 19 relating to land acquisition.While implementing Option II, the officials concerned have been told that if land is not available in the irrigation project benefit zone then PAPs should be given gavran or E-class lands. A committee under respective district collector with deputy conservator as member-secretary along with officials from irrigation, PWD, MSEDCL and tribal departments as members will monitor the relocation process.Around Rs115 crore is proposed for relocation of villages in PAs in 2012-13. This includes Rs50 crore from NTCA, Rs26 crore from state, Rs4 crore under 13th Finance Commission , and Rs15 crore under Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Authority (CAMPA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187452", "title": "No action yet on registration of properties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two months after making the announcement, Delhi government is yet to act on allowing sale and purchase of properties in over 300 unauthorized colonies on private land that were regularized along with 583 other settlements.While regularizing 895 unauthorized colonies, Delhi government had, on September 6, set a time-frame of one month to grant sale and purchase of properties in 312 settlements that came up on private land.Extending the provision will bring relief to lakhs of colony residents as the government had put the restriction after issuing provisional regularization certificates in 2008. Lifting the restriction will also mean residents will be able to register properties in their names and this may result in escalation of real estate rates.Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit had on September 26 directed the Urban Development department to provide relief to the residents of such colonies in a \"day or two\". The government, sources said, may not be able to fulfil the promise any time soon as the legal department has certain reservations in allowing sale and purchase in the colonies. They said giving the relief to the residents without finalization of the layout plans by the corporation may create \"legal\" obstacles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188025", "title": "Body of youth found in car parked on hosp premises", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Police recovered the putrefying body of a 29-year-old man from a car parked on the premises of a private hospital at Pattom here on Sunday. The hospital is located right opposite the headquarters of the crime records bureau of the state police.The deceased has been identified as Arun G Nair of Kilimanoor, a self-employed IT professional. The car he was found in was registered in the name of his mother, Thankamma. Arun had gone missing on November 7 and his father had filed a complaint with the Kilimanoor police in this regard. ' The car had been parked on the hospital premises for the past three days. It was the visitors to the hospital who alerted the police in the morning after they got a strong stench emanating from the car. The police contacted Arun's family after they identified the owner of the car from the registration number of the vehicle. By afternoon, his relatives arrived and identified the body.The investigating officers, who reached the spot, found Arun's body fastened to the seat with the seat belt. They found a rubber tube attached to the exhaust pipe of the car, the other end of which was found kept inside the vehicle through the boot space. An empty bottle of a soft drink and a bowl of ice cream were also recovered from the car. Medical College circle inspector A Pramod Kumar, who is in charge of the investigation, said the police suspect it to be a case of suicide. The police did not find any evidence of any kind of struggle inside the car to suspect murder.\"The death is suspected to have occurred after inhaling poisonous carbon monoxide from the exhaust of the car. The air conditioner of the car was also switched on,'' said the CI. However, the exact cause of the death can only be ascertained after getting the post mortem result, he said.Police also did not find any attempts of theft. The money and other valuables like the mobile phone and ATM card were found untouched.In a similar case, three youths, including a girl, had died after they spent hours inside a car parked inside a locked garage with its air conditioner on, five years ago. The deaths were later confirmed to have occurred after inhaling poisonous gas that emanated due to running the AC for a prolonged time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186180", "title": "Road Transport Corporation banking on Diwali bonanza", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC), which is facing its worst financial crisis, is banking on Diwali rush to get out of the red. In the last three days, the corporation has operated 600 additional buses besides the usual 1,200 services to various destinations in the state.APSRTC officials said last year during the same period the corporation was in doldrums as the 'Sakala Janula Samme' was at its peak and bus services were hardly available to passengers as RTC workers in Telangana region boycotted duties.During the recent Dasara festival too, the APSRTC ran services to maximum occupancy and they were forced to operate 3,000 additional services, 1,400 more than the usual festive rush. As always, the corporation has been collecting 50% more that the normal fares from passengers in these additional services. However, fares of air-conditioned buses have remained unchanged.Even during the recent fare revision, the corporation had not increased fares of air-conditioned buses. APSRTC officials said competition was the prime reason for not increasing fares of air-conditioned buses. APSRTC executive director A Koteshwar Rao told TOI that extra fare was being collected only from passengers travelling in additional services.Meanwhile, private buses are cashing in on the festival season by inflating fares. \"A few local operators who are operating buses to Mumbai are demanding Rs 1,600. During non-peaks days, the fare will be around Rs 800,'' M Karthik, who is into import and export business, said.APSRTC officials said they were preparing to press in more services as there was unprecedented demand from passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17192479", "title": "Don't treat Sachin Tendulkar with too much respect: James Anderson", "text": "LONDON: The Test series is still a few days away but England have started the mind games with pacer James Anderson saying that his team needs to make sure that it does not treat senior Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar \"with too much respect in the middle\".\"There has been much talk that this may be Sachin Tendulkar's last Test series. I do enjoy bowling against him as testing yourself against the best is what playing at this level is all about,\" Anderson wrote in his column for 'The Daily Mail' ahead of the four-Test series starting November 15 in Ahmedabad.\"And there is no question in my mind that he has been one of the best batsmen -- if not the best -- for 20-odd years. But we have to make sure we do not treat him with too much respect in the middle,\" he said.Anderson said admiring Tendulkar too much would take away the competitive edge.\"I do know that people have said they love watching him bat and maybe too much of that kind of admiration could dull your competitive edge.\"I've never been aware of succumbing to that myself but maybe subconsciously, because you respect him for what he has done in the game -- 100 international centuries is some achievement -- and the way he has conducted himself, you want to get him to respect you back,\" he said.\"The Sachin factor is quite something to experience. I've played in games here in which the Indian supporters seem more interested in his batting than how their team are doing, when Sachin getting out is the signal for a mass exodus.\"Anderson said he wouldn't mind getting booed by the crowd if he manages to dismiss Tendulkar.\"I will be seeking to make myself pretty unpopular with the locals in the weeks ahead. The bottom line is that we treat everyone with the same respect, whether they've played one Test or 100 -- and that goes for trying to earn their respect, too,\" he said.The pacer was also all praise for Indian comeback man Yuvraj Singh, who has made a successful return to international cricket after recovering from a rare germ cell cancer.\"The return of Yuvraj Singh to the Indian side will complete a remarkable story, after all he has been through since the Test series against us at home in 2011,\" he said.\"I cannot begin to understand how devastating it must have been for him to be told he had lung cancer. Not so long ago, such a diagnosis would have been akin to a death sentence and it is incredible that he can be playing top-level cricket again so soon,\" he added.Anderson hoped that England's star spinner Graeme Swann , who has had to rush home to attend to his unwell daughter, would come back to join the team soon.\"Graeme Swann's trip home to be with his wife and baby is a reminder to us all of the kind of issues our families back home have to deal with.\"Family always comes first. We are hoping and expecting he will be back with us in time for the first Test -- but, if he needs more time at home, we are 100 per cent behind him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17191218", "title": "AC holiday special between Ahmedabad-Mumbai started", "text": "SURAT: Western Railway to run three additional trains during the Diwali week to cater the heavy traffic during the festive season. The air conditioned holiday special trains will run between Ahmedabad and Mumbai on three days Monday, Wednesday and Friday.The train number 09017 will start from Mumbai at 12.30 and reach Ahmedabad at 7.55 pm. In return the train number 09018 start from Ahmedabad at 8.55 pm and reach Mumbai at 5 am. The train will stop at Borivali, Surat, Vadodara and Anand in both directions. The train bookings have been started from Monday.The train service will be discontinued after the three up and own runs. In addition, a special train between Bandra to Jodhpur will be run on November 21. The train will start from Bandra at 7.50 pm on November 21 and reach Jodhpur at 2.45 pm on November 22. The Bandra Jodhpur special train will stop at all the important stations of Gujarat on its routes.Considering the heavy rush for train bookings the new trains have been started. Meanwhile, the trains going to different destinations are jam-packed. Bus fares have increased to almost double for majority of the locations of Rajasthan, Saurashtra and Maharashtra. The state transport department started around 400 new bus routes considering the festive rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17187910", "title": "Classroom teaching to go hi-tech at Berhampur University", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Blackboards, chalks and dusters will soon be things of the past at Berhampur University with the introduction of e-classrooms. Vice-chancellor J K Mohapatra said in the first phase, five selected departments would have at least one e-classroom each.The e-classrooms will include an interactive board, overhead projector and audio-visual gadgets. The five departments chosen for the programme are business administration, electronics, computer science, industrial relations and personal management (IR&PM;) and journalism and mass communication (J&MC;). \"We expect to hold classes at the e-classrooms from the beginning of the next academic year,\" the VC added.A senior professor said e-classrooms would undoubtedly facilitate the learning process. The interactive board could be connected to internet, if needed, he said.Several private universities and a few Kendriya Vidyalays in the state have already set up state-of-the-art smart classrooms on their campus. \"Once the system becomes functional, our university will be on a par with any modern private institute in terms of academic infrastructure,\" the VC added.An estimated Rs 5 lakh will be spent for each of these advanced classrooms. \"The university recently received Rs 2.40 crore from the University Grants Commission as ad-hoc grant for general development assistance under the 12 th five year plan (2012-17). This fund will be used for the project,\" Mohapatra said, adding the varsity might ask for more funds from the UGC when e-classrooms are set up for other departments.The university also plans to buy books and laboratory equipment, besides expanding its guest house and building boundary wall for the girls' hostel, using the UGC grant,.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188002", "title": "Karnataka Housing Board chief denies charges", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) chairman G T Devegowda (in pic) on Sunday denied that there were irregularities in the acquisition of land by KHB near Yelwala village on the outskirts of the city.At a press meet here, he said Mysore MP A H Vishwanath seems to be unaware of the fact that KHB chairman has no powers to take decisions, and that the decisions are taken by the board comprising senior IAS officers from various departments. \"I will not take unilateral decisions without the approval of the board. I only sign the resolutions passed by the board,\" he pointed out, adding that the land for new layouts has been acquired as per legal procedures.\"Ever since the project was conceived, rival party politicians have been making allegations. The issue was also raised in the assembly. But there has been no circumvention of rules and irregularities,\" Devegowda said, adding that he is ready to face inquiry.The BJP leader said politicians, who are making personal allegations against him, should know the fact that he has grown in politics because of his involvement with people.He charged Vishwanath with indulging in character assassination of politicians. \"It has become a habit for him to make allegations against them, and speak about their personal lives,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187673", "title": "Borivli woman is not related to Jerrit, says his brother", "text": "MUMBAI: Jerrit John's brother Jerrish has said the Borivli-based woman whose home John reportedly went to after attacking Aryanka Hozbetkar was not related to the Johns in any way.\"If the Borivli woman or her relatives are claiming to be related to us, it's false. We don't have any relatives in Borivli and that woman is not even our distant relative,\" Jerrish told TOI.A relative of the woman had said on Saturday that she was distantly related to John.Asked what could have gone wrong between Hozbetkar and John, Jerrish said, \"My brother told me he had come to know about Aryanka's relationship with another man. He called up that man to inquire about this and was upset after that. He felt cheated by Aryanka. He has also rubbished reports that he banged her head against the wall... Our father is in Dubai and may come to India soon.\"Another thing, a director tweeted Jerrit's pic, telling people to inform the police if they saw him. He is a respected filmmaker, but should not be judgmental. Did he hear my brother's side of the story? How can he conclude who is right and who is not?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17187932", "title": "Oscar requests for a passport office in the coastal Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Oscar Fernandes, MP and PV Mohan, AICC member met Salman Khurshid , Union external affairs minister and gave a memorandum and discussed the need for establishing a passport issuing office in Mangalore. Oscar appraised the difficulties and inconveniences for people of coastal Karnataka and adjoining districts like Chikmagalore, Kodagu and Shimoga in getting passport and in dealing with passport- related issues.Oscar said the demand for a passport office in Mangalore is a long pending issue of the people of this region as large numbers of NRIs travel frequently and there is sizeable population with overseas employment. Mangalore Airport has been upgraded into international airport recently and it is a centre for Haj pilgrimage. Though there is a Passport Seva Kendra here, people of this region have to depend on Bangalore for their passport.The memorandum highlighted that the present Passport Seva Kendra is receiving almost one and a half lakh applications every year, which is three times more than the criteria prescribed by the Parliamentary Standing Committee for the establishment of a passport office. Since a decade, Social Action Group for empowerment is pressing for a passport office here, Mohan convener of SAGE said adding Khurshid said the demand will be seriously considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187552", "title": "South Mumbai hotel to pay Rs 12L to guests trapped in lift", "text": "MUMBAI: Eighteen years after three Indians and three Europeans were trapped in the lift of The Ambassador in south Mumbai for two-and-a-half hours, the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ordered M/s Narangs International Hotel Pvt Ltd, which owns the hotel, to pay Rs 2 lakh to each of the six complainants.The hotel will also have to pay Rs 10,000 as costs to New Delhi-based Radha and Ram Venuprasad, England-based Roy and Sylvia Short, Greece-based Sotiriadis Themistoklis and Kerela-based Sunil Sreedharan. Holding The Ambassador guilty of deficiency in service, the commission held that \"the hotel was squarely negligent in not ensuring proper maintenance of the lifts and not taking prompt or immediate or timely steps to rescue the trapped complainants\".According to the petition filed by 10 complainants on February 28, 1994, there was no electricity in the hotel from 12.30am till 6.45am. The complainants alleged that they had to endure a harrowing time and spend a restless night. The following night, six of them were on their way from the lobby to the revolving restaurant on the 12th floor when the lift stopped functioning between the 11th and 12th floors.After being trapped in the lift for two-and-a-half hours, the guests were physically pulled through a hole made by cutting the iron grill at the top of the lift's cabin. They also alleged that the process involved constant hammering of iron grills, as a result of which glass panels fitted inside the lift broke into pieces and fell on those trapped inside. The atmosphere was intensely claustrophobic and abhorrent, they said.The hotel blamed the lift company responsible for the upkeep and maintenance and filed a separate petition in 1996. Both the petitions -one filed by the guests and the other by the hotel- were heard together.The commission took into consideration the evidence, including the cross-examination of witnesses, and the fact that the lift company had repeatedly advised the hotel to accept its estimate of repair and shutdown the lifts for maintenance. While the commission accepted contentions in the petition of those trapped in the lift, it dismissed the petition filed by the hotel against the lift company. It observed that the hotel staff was misusing the lift.Consumer ForumThe hotel ought to have acted promptly and ensured the repair or replacement of its lifts. It appears that the hotel had developed an indifferent attitude and inertia had set in so long as its business was going on, albeit not fully satisfying the service to its customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186406", "title": "Tension in Hyderabad Old City over Bhagyalakshmi temple pandal, MIM MLAs arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sporadic incidents of violence rocked the Old City after Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) legislators were arrested by police when they were trying to march towards Bhagyalakshmi temple at Charminar on Sunday. At some places, police had to fire tear gas shells and resort to mild lathicharge to disperse protestors.The MLAs gathered in the Old City after the Bhagyalakshmi temple management restored tarpaulin on the make-shift pandal with the assistance of the Hyderabad district administration as per the high court's order.At 5am, police barricaded all streets leading to Charminar from Gulzar Houz, Shah Ali Banda, Kotla Alijah Hussaini Alam, Moghulpura and Mirchowk.Under the supervision of officials from the Hyderabad collectorate, GHMC and Archeological Survey of India (ASI), the temple management began restoring the tarpaulin at 7am and completed it in an hour. Police provided security cover for the entire operation.On learning about the tarpaulin restoration work, seven MIM legislators, including their floor leader in the Assembly, Akbaruddin Owaisi, gathered at Volta cafe in Moghalpura at 8am. As they were planning to move towards Bhagyalakshmi temple, police, who were already waiting there, picked up the legislators along with six corporators.However, while they were being shifted into police vehicles, the legislators managed to give the slip to the cops. Another team of police personnel posted at Kotla Alijah intercepted five MLAs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Akbaruddin Owaisi, Ahmed Balala, Ahmed Pasha Quadri, Moazzam Khan, Mumtaz Khan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d along with the corporators, were taken into custody again.Two other legislators, MLA Mohammed Muqtada Khan alias Afsar Khan and MLC Altaf Hyderabad Rizvi, who managed to escape even from there, were arrested near Gulzar Houz. All the arrested legislators and corporators were shifted to the Bolarum police station.Later in the day, Nampally MLA Virasat Rasool Khan and four corporators reached Ravindra Bharathi, where chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy was attending an event organized on the occasion of Minorities' Welfare Day, and staged a protest against the arrest of his party leaders. Police immediately picked up the MLA and his associates and shifted them to the Gandhi Nagar police station.As the news of arrest of MIM leaders started flashing on news channels, sporadic incidents of stone pelting were reported at Chandrayangutta X Roads, Anmol Hotel, Edi Bazar, Kalabhairavi temple, Hussainialam and Musabowli X Roads.Four RTC buses, two cars, an ATM and a garments showroom were damaged in the violence. A mob targeted RTC buses on the Chandrayangutta main road and broke windshields of three buses.Police had to resort to mild lathicharge to disperse the mob at Chandrayangutta and several people, including MIM corporator Samad, suffered minor injuries.Protestors carrying black flags staged dharnas at Gulzar Houz, Nalgonda X Roads, Chanderghat, Chanchalguda, Tolichowki, Humayun Nagar and Punjagutta. Effigies of the state government were burnt at Machili Kaman and Charminar. Later in the evening, police fired tear gas shells and lathi-charged the stone-hurling mob at Talabkatta in Bhavani Nagar.Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma supervised the situation from his office at Purani Haveli since morning. Later in the night, the commissioner issued a press release clarifying that they had only provided bandobust for implementation of the high court orders.\"In relation to the high court's orders, the collector and the GHMC commissioner had consulted Archeological Survey of India (ASI) officials to determine the status (of temple pandal cover) as on October 30. ASI gave its opinion in writing that on October 30, there was a cover on the temporary structure at the temple. Based on these facts, the civic authorities permitted the Bhagyalakshmi temple committee to cover the temple structure with tarpaulin sheets, as an interim measure. Since, it was a sensitive issue, police force was deployed in the area to maintain peace and law &amp; order,\" Anurag Sharma said in the release.Police booked 18 cases in relation to Sunday's violence and arrested 109 persons. By 6.45pm, all the arrested legislators were released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187977", "title": "National bank recruits 7 campus students", "text": "NASHIK: Seven students of KTHM College cleared the campus placement programme of government-owned IDBI Bank that was held on August 10. The students got their offer letters on November 10.The programme was held for the 2011-12 batch of students and those with minimum 55% marks were eligible.Forty-seven students had appeared, out of which 18 qualified for the interview. Of these, seven cleared the interview round and got offer letters for the post of executives on November 10.Mayur Chhajed, Kiran Bhor, Sagar Rajole, Sandip Barbade, Heena Shaikh, Ashwini Mahale and Chaitali Bharsat cleared the placement exams. This was the second consecutive time that IDBI Bank has visited KTHM College for a direct campus placement, the placement coordinator of the college informed. Last year, IDBI Bank had selected 24 students and offered them job.President of the institute Pratap Sonawane, general secretary Nilimatai Pawar, chairperson Nitin Thakare, secretary Sunil Dhikale, principal Dr D M Dhondge, all vice -principals, teaching and non-teaching staff of the college felicitated the students.Placement coordinator professor S K Dharrao and all the team members of the placement committee took efforts in the successful completion of this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17188538", "title": "Sarabjit writes to Sonia saying he is feeling better in jail now", "text": "AMRITSAR: Expressing gratitude towards all the Indians for struggling for his release, Sarabjit Singh, Indian death row prisoner in Pakistan, has written a letter to Congress president Sonia Gandhi saying his health was improving following treatment by jail authorities.Sarabjit, who is lodged in Kot Lakhpat jail in Lahore , handed over the letter to his counsel Awais Sheikh during latter's meeting with him in Kot Lakhpat jail on Saturday.\"I am thankful to Indian people, ruling and opposition parties and want to inform that now I am feeling better in jail,\" Sarabjit Singh has written.Earlier in August, Sarabjit had written a letter to Sonia Gandhi and his sister Dalbir Kaur apprehending that he was being poisoned in the jail.He had also mentioned that he was not feeling well and suspected poisoning in the jail, following which Sheikh had written to the home department of government of Punjab, Pakistan, to conduct medical examination of his client and examine his food quality.\"I have also received a letter from the home department stating that Sarabjit's health is satisfactory, but after meeting him in jail I am convinced that his health is improving and he looks calm,\" said Sheikh, while talking to TOI on Sunday.Sheikh said he had conveyed Sarabjit the messages of his family in India and also delivered him sweets and other items of daily use along with Pakistani Rs 8000. He informed that in another letter addressed to Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari Sarabjit Singh has once again appealed for mercy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17188073", "title": "2,600 people gather to know diabetes better", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 2,600 people - diabetics, doctors, and students - gathered at Palace Grounds on Sunday for a diabetes-awareness programme that saw doctors focusing on 'smaller issues' about the disease often neglected by many with grave consequences.\"Sometimes we take various aspects related to diabetes, such as diet constraints, for granted. This can have adverse effects on the body; such restrictions need to be taken seriously,\" said 45-year-old Jayashree Dinakaran, an employee of a biryani eatery chain. Jayashree has been suffering from diabetes for eight years.The hour-long programme included screenings to educate and other activities like educating people about the origin of diabetes, medication, treatment, and also ways to prevent it.\"The presentations were user-friendly, and for the first time, I was able to understand the disease,\" said Lakshana D, biotechnology student, Oxford College of Engineering.Former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde, who inaugurated the programme, said, \"I have been a diabetic for 35 years but am managing it successfully. Healthy lifestyle and regular checkups are the key. I believe it's essential to build awareness among people on various aspects of diabetes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17187929", "title": "Criticism should not be a cut-copy-paste work: Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: Literary criticism has to be borne out of genuine efforts of having reading a work and understanding it, opined Union minister for petroleum and natural gas M Veerappa Moily.However, most criticism of literary works is the handiwork of \"cut and paste critics\", who pick up a few passages from the work and depend on hearsay and opinions of those who have not read the work fully and understood its implications, he added.Releasing Ramesh Lad's Konkani translation of 'Tembare', his original novel in Kannada at World Konkani Centre here on Sunday, Moily, known for his literary prowess in Kannada and English said the chances of literature flourishing to its fullest is bleak until such time that criticism is true and unbiased. \"It is imperative that there is creative criticism that points to the follies and foibles of an author and not criticism for the sake of it,\" he said.Referring to the rich vein of Tulu Bhootharadhane practice highlighted in Tembare, Moily said it is this very Tulu folklore that has enriched and shaped many a lives in this part of the state. \"The Tuluva culture is deep rooted in all sections of society. No efforts should be made to uproot or distort it,\" he said.The novel has touched on just a miniscule part of otherwise large gamut of Tulu traditions which can serve as subject matter, he said.Lad, a Goan, said translating 'Tembare' was an interesting and challenging task. \"Though the thought of giving a different title to the translated work crossed my mind, I desisted from it for it would have distorted the essence of the original,\" he said. The folklore traditions in the original 'Tembare' appealed to me a lot, Lad, who has undertaken similar translation work of short-stories of Masti Venkatesh Iyengar for Sahitya Akademi, observed.Narendra Rai Derla, Kannada critique, opined that 'Tembare' is a novel attempt of presenting the intellectual discourse of a nalike artist and bringing forth his trials and tribulations before the world. \"If caste was a question for Kota Shivarama Karanth (in 'Chomana Duddi'), it was the answer for Moily (in 'Tembare'),\" he said. Basti Vaman Shenoy, president of World Konkani Centre said the Centre will get the 'Tembare' translated in Malayalam as well.Book on Draupadi is titled as 'Yugavandhye Yajnasene'Title of his latest book on epic has a touch of poetry to it. Not that the earlier title 'Srimudi Parikramanam' did not. But the writer within full time politician M Veerappa Moily, Union minister for petroleum and natural gas felt that 'Yugavandhye Yajnasene', a biography on the trials and tribulations of Draupadi, the mightiest woman as seen and visualized by him from 'Mahabharath', another epic drawn from Indian mythology was a better bet.Moily, who has finished penning his second poetry epic 'Yugavandhye Yajnasene' to go with his earlier effort 'Ramayanam Mahanveshanam' said the life of Draupadi will run into around 2,000 pages, almost the same length as 'Ramayanam Mahanveshanam'.\"This latest epic that I have penned is now in the editing stages,\" Moily told reporters on the sidelines of a function at World Konkani Centre here on Sunday.\"It will be released in six months,\" he said.Moily said strict adherence to a time table to pursue his passion for literature has ensured that his literary instincts are alive and kicking. \"I am up and away with my writing from 5.30am to 6.30am every day,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187601", "title": "SC relief for Pune builder's firm over dual use of plot in Kharghar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court has dismissed an appeal filed by Cidco and upheld an order of its then MD that allowed change of use of a plot in Kharghar from commercial to commercial-cum-residential.The beneficiary of the MD's decision was Pune builder Avinash Bhosale's firm Shree Ambica Developers, which was the highest bidder (Rs 40 crore) for a 1.3-acre Cidco plot three years ago. The SC held that it could not allow Cidco to belatedly add financial implications of such dual use as a reason to support its cancellation of permission.The developer began a Rs 100-crore project on the land, 70% of which was for residential use. Last December, the developer moved the high court, challenging a subsequent order of Cidco to cancel permission for the plot's residential use. But the HC quashed the March 2011 order passed by vice-chairman and MD of Cidco, which revoked permission granted in 2010 to build commercial and residential structures on plot 1 in Sector 1, Kharghar. The Cidco chief had directed the restoration of commercial use alone as was the condition when bids were invited. In September 2010, Cidco also issued a stop-work notice to Ambica. Cidco argued in HC that \"its vice-chairman had no authority to permit dual use of the land\" and that \"restoration for its original commercial use was in larger public interest\".But noting that a change in DCRs permitted change in land use even after bids were invited, the HC found nothing unlawful in the dual use permission.The government agency moved the SC. In its appeal, Cidco said the state had ordered an inquiry to check if the land use change was proper. In his report, then principal secretary of urban development T C Benjamin had said in Bhosle's case, the \"change was unwarranted\" as Cidco had not considered the financial loss it would suffer. This report led to the cancellation of Ambica's permission. But an SC bench of Justice T S Thakur and Justice Gyan Sudha Misra said it found \"no reason to interfere, even if it assumed that financial aspect of the change was given a go-by by Cidco or its managing director\".The SC rejected \"forceful arguments\" of Cidco's counsel A S Bhasme to determine the validity of the cancellation order based on grounds not presented in it. The Cidco said the earlier permission ignored the financial implication that such residential use would have on an area meant for commercial development. The SC said an order has to be tested only on the grounds mentioned in the order itself. The SC, however, said, \"We are satisfied the change was found permissible in accordance with DC rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187729", "title": "Rs 1 cr for a flat? Sorry, you'll only get a slot for your car", "text": "MUMBAI: If a decade ago, Rs 30 lakh was good enough to buy a one BHK in a distant suburb or even two SUVs, today it may be barely enough to acquire a parking space. Developers are charging exorbitant rates-from Rs 7 lakh to Rs 40 lakh-for car parks in some of the high-end residential complexes in Mumbai.It is not just the new highrises dotting the city landscape from Nepean Sea Road to Wadala that are demanding high rates, even older buildings like Samudra Mahal in Worli command Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1 crore for a closed parking garage. Earlier, these parking spaces would be available for between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 15 lakh.Developers and experts point to the lack of space. \"Space crunch is one of the main reasons that costs are high, especially in south Mumbai where majority of the buildings do not have a car parking space,\" says Nikhil Bhatia, western region head of property consultants CBRE.\"I am not surprised. Under the newly approved Maharashtra Ownership of Flats Act, we are permitted to sell parking spaces. Depending on the location and the kind of project we are developing, we incur costs to build these car spaces and then install machinery and state-of-the-art elevators for the residents, who want a certain quality product. Developers naturally will recover the cost from flat buyers,\" said Pujit Agarwal, managing director of Orbit Corporation.Orbit Corporation is quoting Rs 40 lakh for a parking slot in its residential projects at Nepean Sea Road, while a short distance away, Rohan Lifescapes is quoting around Rs 30 lakh in its luxury 'Ashiana' building. In central Mumbai, Indiabulls is believed to be charging around Rs 12 lakh for a car park slot in 'Sky Forest', while Lodha Group is quoting a tad lower at approximately Rs 7 lakh in New Cuffe Parade, a residential complex at Wadala.In 2010, a Supreme Court ruling had disallowed developers from selling parking areas as independent units and said these were \"common areas and facilities\". \"If a promoter does not fully disclose the common areas and facilities, he does so at his own peril,\" the court had said. \"Stilt parking spaces will not cease to be part of common areas and facilities merely because the promoter has not described the same as such in the advertisement and agreement with the flat purchaser. The promoter has no right to sell any portion of such building which is not a 'flat' within the meaning of Section 2(A-1) and the entire land and building have to be conveyed to the organization. The only right that remains with the promoter is to sell unsold flats,\" the apex court had ruled.But city developers have given scant regard to the ruling and flat owners are charged twice for buying the parking space. \"In most of the top metro cities where transactions generally take into account the super built-up area (total area of land where the project spread divided by the total number of flats), the parking area is also divided and added to it,\" said a property consultant. This means that the developer has charged flat buyers for the parking space even before possession. Despite having charged for the total land, the developer then sells parking slots at exorbitant rates. Moreover, even when developers take extra money and sell the parking space to the buyer, they take utmost care not to mention it in the agreement as it is illegal and can be challenged in court.Given that selling parking spaces is a lucrative source of additional revenue for developers, they are trying hard not to forgo it. So, they have come up with innovative ways. \"If developers are restricted from selling slots directly, they find ways to apportion the cost, say, by increasing the charge for the super built-up area or by raising the overall per square foot rate. In other words, property buyers will continue to pay for parking either directly or indirectly,\" said the consultant.Bldrs ignore SC ruling regarding parking saleRates for parking spaces in the city have becoming exorbitant. Developers have justified the steep hike. \"I am not surprised. Under the newly approved Maharashtra Ownership of Flats Act, we are permitted to sell parking spaces. Depending on the location and the kind of project we are developing, we incur costs to build these car spaces and then install machinery and state-of-the-art elevators for the residents, who want a certain quality product. Developers naturally will recover the cost from flat buyers,\" said Pujit Agarwal, managing director of Orbit Corporation.Orbit Corporation is quoting Rs 40 lakh for a parking slot in its residential projects at Nepean Sea Road, while a short distance away, Rohan Lifescapes is quoting around Rs 30 lakh in its luxury 'Ashiana' building. In central Mumbai, Indiabulls is believed to be charging around Rs 12 lakh for a car park slot in 'Sky Forest', while Lodha Group is quoting a tad lower at approximately Rs 7 lakh in New Cuffe Parade, a residential complex at Wadala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "recently, shatrughan sinha's bungalow ramayan was razed down and replaced by a high-rise only to give the sinha children", "code": "17190276", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha's children can't live without him", "text": "Recently, Shatrughan Sinha's bungalow Ramayan was razed down and replaced by a high-rise only to give the Sinha children: Sonakshi, Luv and Kush some privacy.However, come Diwali, and the siblings, who had separate floors earmarked for them in the newly-renovated 10-storey residence, are all set to move back in with their parents on the top two floors of the building.As such, the festival of lights this year will be an extra special one for the Sinhas, what with this reunion of sorts chalked out. A source close to the family revealed, \"Sinha's bungalow was brought down and replaced by a high-rise just so that the three children get their privacy. But after their father's hospitalisation, Sonakshi, Luv and Kush want to be as near to their parents as possible.\" Especially, Sonakshi is keen to live under the same roof as her parents. So, the top two floors that were to be occupied by Shatrughan and Punam Sinha are now being converted into a family nest to accommodate all five members of the parivaar.Punam Sinha confirmed the news and said, \"The top two floors are being readied on a war footing for Diwali. The children will be with us. They can have all the privacy they need after they get married.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17188363", "title": "CPM, Congress lash out at govt", "text": "HOWRAH: Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee came down heavily on the Mamata Banerjee government on Sunday, touching every raw nerve - from the Haldia deadlock to the more recent \"firing\" on villagers at Loba village - that the latter is nursing at present.Addressing the public at a rally organized in Howrah's Dumurjola to mark the end of a three-day Citu state conference, Bhattacharjee threw a barrage of questions to the ruling party, trying to drive home his point that the government's hands-off land policy was responsible for the lack of investment in the state.\"What is the government's land policy? If things go like this, no one will invest in Bengal. What will happen to the state? What will be the fate of our students then?\" Bhattacharjee asked.Referring to the recent villagers-police clash in Dubrajpur over the DVC Emta open-cast mining project, the former chief minister said: \"A central PSU was earmarked for a mining project there. The villagers say they didn't get government help for adequate compensation (and rehabilitation). But a minister apparently insisted that a company equipment, which the villagers have resisted from being shifted, be brought out of the village at any cost. Now the minister has distanced himself from the controversy. This government is always in a state of denial. What will happen to the villagers or the industry if it prefers to deny everything?\" he quipped.Bhattacharjee then took up the Haldia issue and alleged the ruling party \"forced\" ABG to stop operation at the port. \"The cargo handler was forced to leave the state. This was done to make way for a company run by a Trinamool MP. I don't want to go into what had exactly happened there. But it remains a fact that three officers of that company were threatened at gunpoint and were forced to go away from Haldia. What did the government do about it? Where are we staying? Isn't this government emboldening anti-socials and criminals? They now feel that this government is backing them,\" Bhattacharjee said.In his 30-minute speech, the CPM leader also stressed on the situation in Singur, where the then opposition leader Mamata Banerjee had fought a pitched battle and pushed the then Left government to the brink. \"What has happened to Singur? They've turned it into a crematorium now. Had we completed what we set out to do there (read Tata Nano factory), it would have changed the face of the district. Nearly 4,000-6,000 people would have got jobs there. Look what they have done to it now. It is difficult to understand the problem of this government. Do they really want industrialization in the state? Are they even aware that nearly 10,000 engineering students didn't opt to study in Bengal and moved to Chennai and Bangalore. There are no jobs here, why would they stay back?\" he wondered.Bhattacharjee was also sharply critical of the state's move to hike the salary of state ministers from Rs 7,000 to Rs 27,000 when it is unable to pay salaries and pensions of the transport employees. \"We never raised salary of ministers when we were in power. Ministers had approach Jyotibabu and they even told me about it later, but I refused to oblige. The Trinamool Congress has done it immediately after coming to power. But it fails to pay salaries and pensions in time. In villages, the situation is extremely bad. It has become such that none can raise a voice against the government. If anyone dares to protest, he is either put in jail or threatened,\" he added.\"This government is too proud of its (majority) numbers. But elections are not for ever. This can't go on for long,\" Bhattacharjee, who after storming to power in 2006 had cited the lack of opposition to defend his government. Bhattacharjee also said CITU now has to look to mobilise the large unorganised sector which are more in numbers than the organised workforce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185708", "title": "Rising gold price no bar for buyers this Dhanteras", "text": "GUWAHATI: The price of gold this Dhanteras has been the highest in five years. But this has done little to mar the spirit of buyers who are splurging on the yellow metal like never before. In fact, people were seen queuing up in jewellery shops across the city to buy gold, silver and other precious metals.Last year, the price of gold on Dhanteras was Rs 26,000 (approx) per 10 gm, but this year the price has shot up to Rs 31,000/ 10 gm for 22 carat and Rs 32,000/ 10 gm for 24 carat gold.Buying gold and silver is considered to be auspicious on this occasion. Keeping this in mind, several jewellery houses are offering attractive discounts and other such schemes to lure the customers. Some have gone a step further and are offering discounts on the making charges as well.Jitu Kalita, manager of Tanishq, said, \"For the first time in years, gold prices has shot through the roof on Dhanteras. But surprisingly, this has not affected sales. Many customers are also making advance bookings. Gold bangles, rings, earrings, sets are flying off the racks. There is a great demand for gold and silver coins.\"Preeti Agarwal, manager of Manik Chand and Sons said, \"We are providing upto 30% discount on the making charge and for every purchase of 1 lakh, one gets a gold coin for free. We are also offering discounts of upto 10% on diamond jewellery.\"Over the years, there has been a surge in the demand for lightweight jewellery. Rajiv Nath, manager of MP Jewellers, said, \"Apart from gold and silver coins, buyers are increasingly going for lightweight jewellery. This year's sales have surpassed the sales of last year.\"Taru Deka, a resident of Silpukhuri was seen browsing through the shelves of a jewellery shop to make a pick. She said, \"Although the prices are sky-high, I have come to buy some bangles because it considered auspicious.\"Rani Dutta of Beltola echoed similar sentiments. \"I bought some gold coins because investing in gold is a good thing, especially for the future,\" she said.Astrologer Pannalal, explaining the importance of Dhanteras said, \"Dhanteras also known as Dhantrayodashi is celebrated on the 13th day of Krishna paksa in the month of Ashwin. On this day, people should buy gold coins to usher in prosperity and wealth. The gold coins should be kept on the right hand side of Kuber in a pot. Kuber is placed on the left side of Laxmi.\"Apart from buying gold and silver, people are thronging to shopping malls to buy utensils, microwaves and refrigerators. But there is no beating the gold rush in jewellery shops.For those wgho cannot afford the precious metal, steel offers a good option. Preetika Duwarah, a resident of Chandmari said, \"I brought some stainless steel plates as the price of gold is very high and I can't afford it.\" Another customer bought a microwave oven as there was a 30% discount on it.A customer care official of a shopping mall said, \"Middle class people who can't afford to buy gold are buying utensils and other items on Dhanteras.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur/chandrapur", "code": "17186130", "title": "Three CRPF jawans injured in Naxal firing", "text": "NAGPUR/CHANDRAPUR: Three Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawans of 192 battalion were injured in an encounter with armed Naxals in Jarawandi jungles under Etapalli tehsil of Gadchiroli on Sunday afternoon. One critically injured CRPF jawan, Subhashchandra, has been shifted to Nagpur for emergency treatment, while the other two are being treated at the Civil Hospital in Gadchiroli, sources said.District sources said a squad of 30-35 CRPF jawans was carrying out routine anti-Naxal patrolling in the jungle near village Ropi in Jarawandi when the gun battle took place at about 1pm. The lurking Naxalites fired indiscriminately at security personnel, which took the forces by surprise. CRPF jawans retaliated but by then three of their jawans had already sustained injuries of different degrees.Subhashchandra, who was in the front, sustained two bullet injuries. He sustained a bullet injury on the left side of his chest while another hit him in the left thigh. Two of his colleagues were also hurt but their injuries were not serious. The injured Subhashchandra was airlifted to Nagpur from Etapalli. The two other injured jawans were later rushed to Gadchiroli civil hospital.In view of the swift response from the forces, the reds retreated into the jungles after around half-an-hour. Security forces said some Naxals might have been injured in the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190805", "title": "'Dabangg 2' trailer goes viral on web", "text": "Hours after Salman Khan unveiled his upcoming film Dabangg 2 trailer on Bigg Boss season 6, it created buzz on the web.Salman along with brother Arbaaz, who is also the producer and director of Dabangg 2 , launched the trailer on the reality show, which he hosts.After it was unveiled on the television show, the trailer hit the web and took it by storm by getting hundreds of clicks by Salman's fans.Dabangg 2 is a sequel to Salman's 2010 box office blockbuster Dabangg . Salman who played Chulbul Pandey, a corrupt cop in the prequel, will resume the same role in this installment. Prakash Raj of Singham fame is pitted against Salman in a negative role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17188048", "title": "Permission needed for Diwali parties", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration of Gautam Budh Nagar has asked people to seek permission from the authorities before holding any function or party expected to see a large gathering ahead of Diwali.Through this, the administration aims to prevent law-and-order problems and keep criminals from sneaking into the city on the pretext of attending functions.Furthermore, the officials want to preempt any mishaps arising from celebratory firing.\"There has been an increase in instances of people shooting with licensed or unlicensed arms during functions, particularly in western UP. The administration would take measures to prevent such happenings if informed well in advance about the number of guests,\" said city magistrate Pushpraj Singh.The administration clarified that the onus for any mishap resulting from indiscriminate firing or mob violence would lie with the owner of the premises where the function is organised.Farmhouses, banquet halls, hotels, restaurants and other venues of big functions need to take permission from the administration.\"Private birthday parties or functions with smaller turnout need not apply for permission. Permissions are mandatory for all public functions,\" Singh said.Officials informed that plainclothesmen would be deployed at all large gatherings. Random checks would be conducted to prevent weapons from being brought on the sly.\"Large gatherings during the festive season might also be used by notorious wanted criminals to enter the city. If the administration is alerted about the expected size of crowds, such attempts can be thwarted,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17187108", "title": "Lashkar-e-Taiba trained 26/11 Mumbai terror attackers: Pakistani investigators", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani investigating officials have told an anti-terrorism court here that the perpetrators of the 26/11 Mumbai attacks received training at various centres of the banned Lashkar-e-Taiba across the country, including navigational training in Karachi.Pakistani media reported on Sunday that five inspectors of the Crime Investigation Department (CID), who are prosecution witnesses in the case, informed the ATC court in Rawalpindi about the training details and capabilities of the accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, Shahid Jamil Riaz, Mazhar Iqbal alias Abu Al Qama, Hammad Amin Sadiq and Abdul Wajid alias Zarar Shah.The testimony is significant because viewed along with two recent developments, this seems to mark a change of tack in Pakistan from outright recalcitrance to possible cooperation with India in the 26/11 probe.Recently, Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ), which is probing the 26/11 attacks, approached the ATC court in Rawalpindi seeking day-to-day trial in the case. Besides, the Pakistani government has proposed amendments to the country's evidence laws to do away with mandatory consent of the accused for collection of their voice samples.Pakistan's recent steps in connection with the 26/11 trial coincide with renewal of cricket ties between India and Pakistan and also a proposed visit of the country's interior minister Rehman Malik to New Delhi to operationlize the new visa regime between the two countries.However, observers are still to be convinced as LeT has been a long-standing strategic asset for the Pakistani establishment.The five CID inspectors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Muhammad Nawaz, Tahir Hussain, Khadim Hussain, Saleemullah and Hafiz Imran\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmaintained that they had collected information on LeT's training centres around the country and forwarded the report to the government.They said the perpetrators of the attacks were trained at LeT centres at Yousaf Goth in Karachi , Buttle in Mansehra, Mirpur Sakro in Thatta and Muzaffarabad. The LeT abandoned these soon after the attacks.\"Lakhvi was LeT's operational commander who trained other militants. He was an expert in using firearms and improvised explosive devices. He also remained 'commander' of LeT in Azad Kashmir,\" the inspectors' statement said.The inspectors told the court that suspected abettors Abdul Wajid, Mazhar Iqbal, Hammad Amin Sadiq and Shahid Jameel Riaz were also trained at LeT centres and at sea near Yousaf Goth in Karachi's Gadap town.Chaudhary Zulfiqar Ali, the special public prosecutor of the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA)), told the court that the witnesses were responsible officials who had recorded their statements without any pressure.Khwaja Mohammad Haris, Lakhvi's counsel, asked the prosecution witnesses whether they had seen the suspects getting training at the LeT camps. The officials said they had collected information through their informers. \"If the statements are true, then it showed negligence on the part of witnesses\" Haris said. The hearing was adjourned till November 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "dhramasala", "code": "17191773", "title": "Mild tremor in Dharamsala, no loss of life or property reported", "text": "DHRAMASALA: An earthquake of slight intensity, measuring 4.1 on the Richter scale, jolted Dharamsala in Kangra region of Himachal Pradesh.The quake was recorded at 1.53am on Monday, a scientist at the geological department at Dehradun told PTI over phone.The tremor lasted for just 4.5 seconds and the epicenter was detected 17 km north of Baijnath in Douladhar ranges at latitude 32.3 degrees North and longitude 76.2 degrees East, of Kangra district.No loss of life or property was reported from anywhere in the region.Earlier, last month two jolts has been recorded in the area and in September, four slight intensity quakes had rocked the Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187640", "title": "ACs, refrigerators may get more expensive as rich countries push for costly cooling gas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cost of airconditioners and refrigerators could go up considerably starting next summer if the US and other rich countries force a decision at the UN climate talks in November at Doha to order a global ban on existing refrigerant gases and replace them with extremely costly though relatively more climate friendly alternatives.One of the alternatives being proposed is produced jointly by DuPont and Honeywell , two US-based multinationals, and the other by Japanese firm Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited. A decision to make the costly worldwide change-over could bring windfall profits to the companies holding the patents at the cost of consumers regardless of their paying capacity and responsibility.The move comes with the developed countries, with the US in the lead, pushing that short-lived greenhouse gases (GHGs) be reduced immediately. Short-lived GHGs do not last long when released in the atmosphere but several of them have an intense effect on the climate before they disintegrate. The refrigerant being used at the moment in India and to be phased out starting next year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d HCFC22 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is one such gas.Another UN convention, this one to close the hole in the ozone layer, has already mandated that the industry shift away from HCFC22 starting 2013 and phase it out by 2030. Indian industry is shifting to HFC410A - a less harmful gas. But now, the developed world has stepped up pressure to demand that all countries transit to newly found, much costlier but greener alternatives.But with only a clutch of companies owning these new gases, India and other developing countries could be forced to pay for the expensive alternatives with the US and other rich countries making it clear that they will not facilitate the transfer of technology to poor countries. The new alternatives, government experts believe, could cost 15 times the refrigerant gas India is now transiting to.India and other developing countries have consistently raised concern about rich countries using climate change as a tool to enhance business for their industry and not easing the IPR regime to facilitate transfer of clean technologies.In contrast, at the negotiations, the rich countries have tried to put the issue of historical responsibility and consequent transfer of technology and finances on the backburner. In recent years, they have also used the excuse of a recession in the West to shirk their responsibility on these fronts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188264", "title": "No untouchability in politics: Advani", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Former deputy prime minister and BJP leader LK Advani said there should not be untouchability in politics as it was regarded as uncivilized in a secular and democratic country.He was addressing a public meeting to mark the 30th anniversary of the Bharatheeya Vichara Kendram, an intellectual forum of research and studies aimed at national re-construction, at the Kerala University Senate Hall here on Sunday.\"Recently, Communist party leader Gurudas Dasgupta visited Sushma Swaraj's home and said till date my home was a forbidden territory for leaders like them. However, I do not believe in untouchability in politics. It is not suited for a secular and democratic country. I learned this lesson from Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, founder of Bharatiya Jana Sangh, when I joined the organization in 1951,\" he said.Reiterating his comment made recently that the UPA-II will not last for long, Advani said the public polls will be held before 2014.Without referring name of any part or politician, Advani said, \"some parties continue to be controlled by a family or a dynasty. But things are changing.\"Advani said his party continues to follow its vital principles. \"You must be able to provide good governance while in power or clean politics when away from power, by which the people will judge the people in public life. These are virtues the BJP has resolved to give the people,\" he said.In an hour-long speech the BJP leader said India has come a long way from the days of Independence and post-Nehru era.\"Other Countries, particularly the West, used to pose questions 'who after Nehru and what after Nehru'. They thought the democracy will end in India after Nehru's time. However, India went on to be the largest democratic country. We not only thrived as a vibrant democratic nation, but also went on to become a dominant country in the world along with China. If you look, today the West is declining and the East is emerging,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185707", "title": "Electric lamps light up Diwali market", "text": "GUWAHATI: Market for traditional clay diyas is wearing a gloomy look ahead of Diwali as more people are opting for cheap electric lamps at a time when inflation is biting hard.While minimum price of a set of 25 electric diyas in Guwahati is Rs 90, clay lamps are available for Rs 50-200 per 100 pieces. Decorative diyas, which are bigger in size, are dearer. Moreover, earthen lamps cannot be reused.\"Decorating the house with diyas is quintessential. It is a tradition in Indian society. But with time, the trend is changing and we have started buying electric diyas since they do not need oil,\" said Rishav Sarma of Uzan Bazar.Chinese products, available in various designs, are flooding markets this festive season. Local artisans are finding it difficult to compete in the market and margins have been reducing for the past two-and-a-half years.\"Modern electric lights are ruling the market. The new generation is interested in electric diyas and latest additions to lighting technology,\" said Ananda Paul, who sells earthen lamps.However, a few think this changing trend is not exactly a threat to the traditional clay lamp market. Many artisans are taking to contemporary designs and patterns to pep up the otherwise simple traditional lamps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17188468", "title": "8% children suffering from bronchial asthma in Punjab: Health authorities reveal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not just an increase in the number of asthma cases coming to hospitals and dispensaries across Punjab, but the high incidence of children suffering from respiratory disorders that has become a matter of concern for the health authorities. While smog is being blamed primarily for precipitated asthma symptoms, a health survey of schoolchildren in Punjab has revealed an alarming factor -- 8% children are suffering from bronchial asthma .With the farmers setting their fields on fire to burn the crop stalks, the entire rural landscape is enveloped in a thick cover of smoke. \"The high concentration of suspended particles in the air irritates the respiratory passage and those prone to asthma or respiratory problems report worsening of their symptoms. We are seeing a several fold increase in the number of people reporting with these ailments due to smog,\" said Jai Kishen, director, medical education and research, Punjab.A preliminary study to fathom the incidence of asthma in the state was undertaken by the three medical colleges in Punjab. \"Among adults, the incidence is higher but it is only getting diagnosed at an advanced age,\" said Jai Kishen and stressed on the need for more \"broad based health surveys\" on the subject.\"We normally see two to three cases of asthma in a week, but since past three weeks, we have seen asthma attacks in over 30 people which have been triggered by the smoke. The worst part is that we can't even ask them to avoid exposure to the smoke, as it is everywhere,\" said Deepender Singh, a doctor working in a government dispensary in Moga.The medical education and research department in Punjab has issued guidelines to medical colleges in the state for a more effective treatment of the respiratory disorder. \"People suffering from respiratory ailment are being asked to use inhalers now than conventional treatment with tablets,\" said the director, medical education and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187449", "title": "Students go all out on last day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The third and last day of PECfest 2012 only took students' excitement a notch up with finals of scores of events scheduled at various arenas throughout the day before the grand closing in the evening.The day started with skit competition Dramarama and Cross Swords, the conventional debate finals. A riot of colours appeared at the art arena as Graffiti finals took stage. While many tried their hand at twisting the lyrics and rapping in the Rapper's battle, the photographers participated enthusiastically in Click.The film festival, held in collaboration with film-making club Shamiana of Delhi, led the hurried students to sit down and absorb some wonderful cinema in the evening. The intelligent lot from various colleges across the country put their knowledge to test in Eureka, the general quiz.The last day's star night had been most awaited with Punjabi singer Preet Harpal of the \"BA Fail\" fame performing at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186169", "title": "The 'Boss' of cheating, Munna Bhai style", "text": "HYDERABAD: Gurivi Reddy, the brain behind the racket providing unfair help to students by way of cellphones in the post-doctoral examination at Chandigarh's PGIMER, got the idea from the popular 2003 flick 'Munna Bhai MBBS'. The third year medical student, incidentally, is out on bail after being booked in connection with a similar crime in his native state.Reddy, a short-statured 29-year-old, was arrested in June 2010 from Kadapa district for orchestrating mass copying using Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones during the statewide Engineering and Medical Common Entrance Examination (Eamcet). Police said that he had committed the same crime a year back, but got away with it.Like Sanjay Dutt of the now famous 'Munna Bhai' movies, Reddy, also referred to as \"boss\" by his gang mates, came up with the idea in 2009 and procured dozens of hi-fi Bluetooth-enabled phones.\"The racket was busted a day before the examination and about 50 medical aspirants who had taken his help were also arrested from the examination hall the next day,\" a senior police officer from Kadapa, told TOI on Sunday.The case is currently being investigated by the Criminal Investigation Department in Chittoor district after inquiries revealed that several students who had taken help from \"Boss\" hailed from the same district.When the dark, bespectacled Reddy was first arrested, most people were not just surprised at his modus operandi but also at the fact that Reddy was a third-year MBBS student at the same college with no criminal record.Police officers who grilled him initially say Reddy although \"average\" in his studies and a habitual truant, seemed quite bright when it came to ideas to commit hi-tech crime.\"Since he had become quite senior at the college with his flunked exams, the juniors used to call him Boss,\" another officer said over the telephone.Originally a native of Atlur in Kadapa district, Reddy started building his own gang in 2009 and executed his plan to perfection at his first attempt in the same year.The method of operation, popularly known in AP police circles as 'Munna Bhai Style', was similar to the case in Chandigarh where Reddy and his accomplices located at different remote centres read out answers to students after obtaining it from experts sitting in Hyderabad and Patna .In 2010, Reddy and his gang had imported about 100 sets of hi-fi Bluetooth-enabled gadgets from China as equipment to engage in the crime.The Andhra Pradesh government had rusticated over 30 students who had got admission in medical colleges across the state after clearing Eamcet-2009 with Reddy's help. Reddy had charged Rs 10 lakh to Rs 20 lakh per student in 2010. He had collected about Rs 70 lakh in 2010 from various candidates.Investigating officers from Kadapa Town police said that while Vaidya Vidhan Parishad, Vijayawada, an overseeing body of all medical colleges in the state, had issued orders for Reddy's rustication based on the charges filed against him, he was allowed in 2010 by an order from high court to carry on with his studies at the same college.Officials of CID in Tirupati said that he has been appearing for all court hearings since 2010 and has regularly made himself available for investigative requirements. After the incident, authorities at Eamcet started introducing jumbling of questions in each of the question papers handed out to the students to prevent a repeat of the crime, said MV Ramana Rao, a former Eamcet convener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191343", "title": "Ruslaan's bonding with monkeys", "text": "Ruslaan Mumtaz, who was shooting for an untitled venture in Haryana, had a funny encounter recently. A unit source revealed that the actor enjoyed feeding monkeys wandering on the shooting location.\"The location was infested with monkeys and looked for food on the sets. Ruslaan would feed them and soon a group of monkeys surrounded Ruslaan hoping to get food from him,\" said a source.The source said, \"The number grew and there were so many monkeys that it became difficult for any crew member to step into his van whenever they had to summon him on the sets. The unit members would then call Ruslaan on his mobile to tell him to come on the sets.\"Confirming the incident Ruslaan laughed, \"The monkeys had become good friends by the end of the schedule. I never expected to have such a close encounter with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185667", "title": "'Reports on status of utilization certs by November 18'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Union minister of state for tribal affairs Rani Narah has expressed concern over the delay in providing utilization certificates for tribal welfare schemes by the governments of northeastern states.The MP from Lakhimpur constituency, who took charge as minister of state in the recent reshuffle of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's cabinet, on Sunday held a meeting here with the officials of tribal affairs department of the northeast She also reviewed the progress of various tribal development schemes for the region.After the meeting, Narah told reporters that the delay in providing utilization certificates has affected progress of many of the tribal development schemes. She said the officials informed her that the delay was mainly caused in the various autonomous and development councils.\"I have been told that the delay is caused in the autonomous and development councils when these bodies are not able to provide utilization certificates for funds to the state on time. I have reviewed the progress of various tribal welfare schemes with the officials. I have also sought a report on the status of progress of these schemes and utilization certificates by November 18,\" Narah said.She added that she will hold talks with Mizoram chief minister Lal Thanhawla for opening a separate department for tribal affairs. \"I came to know that Mizoram does not have a tribal affairs department. Tribal welfare works is carried out by the social welfare department. As a tribal state, I think Mizoram should have a separate department for tribal affairs,\" Narah said.The Union minister also held a meeting with the representatives of Brahmaputra Board on the flood management project for Majuli river island.\"The chairman of Brahmaputra Board assured me that the erosion and flood management project for Majuli will be completed next year. I have told the representatives that public should not suffer for the delay in works,\" she added.On mega hydroelectric projects in Northeast, Narah said while power generation has become a necessity, care should also be taken to allay the fear from people's minds about the impact of the project.\"We need power for industrial growth in the northeast. But we should also remove the apprehensions about the impact of hydroelectric projects from people's mind,\" Narah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187579", "title": "Packed with Talent", "text": "LUDHIANA: The closing ceremony of annual athletic meet of Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, was held on Sunday with great enthusiasm. The programme commenced with \"shabad\" recitation to seek the blessings of the Almighty. This was followed by the welcome address of principal Gurmant Kaur Gill. Next the guests took the salute of the parade which was followed by various ground events.In the 800 metre race, Kamaljeet Singh won in the race in boys' category, while Savleen Kaur grabbed the first place from the girls' category. Harmeet Singh (boys) and Savleen Kaur (girls) won the first prize in the discuss throw event. Meanwhile, in the 4x100 metre relay race, Green and Red House secured the first place. In the tug-of-war event (senior boys), Gold House won the first prize. A spectacular show of PT display, band display, yoga, aerobics and pyramids was also presented by the students. Overall best house trophy was lifted by Green House.Karandeep Singh (senior), Sharandeet Singh (junior) and Ishmeet Singh (sub-junior) were declared the best players among the boys, while Narpinder Kaur (senior), Ravneek Kaur (junior) and Dilpreet Kaur (sub-junior) were declared the best players among girls. On the occasion, the players who had participated in state and national tournaments were also honoured.Students also presented a lively bhangra with traditional games like gatka, kikli, bhanda bhandaria, ko kala paki, kabaddi and weightlifting. In the end national anthem was sung by all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17186006", "title": "Govt facility for malnourished kids goes unnoticed", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The 16-bedded Malnutrition Treatment Centre (MTC) in Chainpur block remains more than half empty at any point of time despite high incidence of malnourished children in Palamu.Sources from the centre said the occupancy rate of MTC is always that of four to six malnourished children admitted every fortnight. The children are generally kept there for 15 days. However, severe cases are treated for longer period of time. An auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) of this MTC, Sarita Devi, said a malnourished child starts responding to nutrition in just a couple of days time. \"We give two types of food supplements. These two carry milk and sugar besides protein,\" said the ANM. Palamu has only two MTCs, one at Chainpur and the other at Japla.Dr Ajay Kumar Singh, who has expertise in handling malnourished children, said as per a survey conducted, there are 9,000 malnourished children in this district but few of them are admitted to MTCs and it may be because parents do not know that such a facility is available for free. \"We need to create awareness so that people come here for their children's treatment in time,\" he said adding that people should avail of the facility provided by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186617", "title": "Nurse in-charge at Sawai Man Singh Hospital dies in hit-and-run", "text": "JAIPUR: In a hit and run case, a 45-year-old nursing in-charge of SMS Hospital's nephrology department was run over by a car early on Sunday morning when he was on morning walk in the Shyam Nagar area. The car sped away, however, police said some joggers had noted down the registration number of the car. The police have traced the car owner's address.According to the police, the victim, Omprakash Suman, was a resident of Patan area in Sikar. Omprakash had been transferred to SMS Hospital about two and a half years ago from Sirohi. He was staying with his wife Santoshi Devi and three sons at a rented accommodation in Jagdamba Colony near Heerapura power house on Ajmer Road.The mishap occurred in front of Rawat PG College around 6.30 am. \"Omprakash was a regular morning walker. He was returning home after the walk and while crossing the road he was hit by a car coming from the opposite. He sustained serious injuries on his head and other body parts,\" said sub-inspector Harpal Singh .Some joggers informed the police control room and rushed Omprakash to a private hospital. His family members also reached the hospital. He was referred to SMS Hospital where he succumbed around 8.30am.The police handed over his body to the family members after postmortem. \"We have got the registration number of the vehicle. The owner's address has been traced, he is a resident of Jhotwara area. However, efforts to trace the owner are going on,\" said the officer.Omprakash's colleagues from SMS Hospital turned up in huge numbers at his funeral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186942", "title": "'Road outside market in need of repair'", "text": "PUNE: People staying in the vicinity of Shivaji market have alleged that the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) has not repaired the Dr Saldhana street outside the market for several years. The road is dominated by hawkers.Akbar Pathan, chairman of Khwaja Garib Nawaz, a social service organization working in the cantonment area, said the road has not been repaired for seven years and it is causing inconvenience to people, especially, to the senior citizens.According to Pathan, the Maganbhai market and a large number of shops operate in the Shivaji market area and motorists find it inconvenient to use the road.Pathan said that the PCB just sprayed murum on the road instead of repairing it after the monsoon. The issue was also raised before the PCB member on numerous occasions, but no action was taken. Perfume shop owner Shuja Ahmed said, \"The business in the area has been badly affected because of the poor condition of the road. There are also problems of overflowing drainage and traffic congestion in the areas, which have to be addressed on a priority.\"Sardar Khan, president of the Pune cantonment hawkers association, said that the PCB should construct the road for improving business in the area. He also added that, when the association has 82 members, the PCB has given space to only 45.PCB member Sangita Pawar said, \"The road was damaged due to waterlogging in the area. Repairing work was delayed because the hawkers have not responded to our appeals to operate inside the railing meant for them. The PCB has now disciplined them. The road will be repaired soon. The hawkers should not encroach upon the road again. This will create more parking spaces for customers and, consequently, will generate more income for vendors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187603", "title": "Locals outsource spring-cleaning", "text": "MUMBAI: Till last year, Saroj Parmar (50) was busy scrubbing the ceiling and floor of her house till Diwali, she hardly got time for shopping or decoration.But this year she has finished her purchases three days before the festival and also found time to make some 'faral' (snacks) at home. She engaged two labourers from Gujarat to help her clean the house. Along with her, six of her relatives have hired the same workers.\"They have to work for two days and the entire house is sparkling clean. They washed even those difficult corners which even I didn't for so many years,\" said Parmar, a Lower Parel resident. The traditional pre-Diwali spring-cleaning is undergoing a change, with several middle-class women outsourcing the job and employing men from Gujarat and Rajasthan to do the job.Reena Jain (30), a mother of two, employed a cleaner who her Ahmedabad-based brother sent.\"The house was cleaned in a single day,\" said Jain, a Dadar resident. \"It was such a relief, I could concentrate on decorating the house and design a few dresses for my daughter to wear during Diwali,\" she added. According to Jain, every festive season till recently was spent in cleaning her house ahead of Diwali.\"I wouldn't have time to enjoy the festival. With the services of labourers available at a reasonable price, I can use my time to plan the decorations and flower arrangements in my house for the festival,\" she said. The cleaners charge between Rs 400 and Rs 650 per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17186832", "title": "Exercise can suppress hunger, show studies", "text": "Contrary to popular belief, hitting the gym for half an hour or more can reduce your appetite, new studies claim. A recent study found that perceived fullness was higher among participants after 12 weeks of aerobic training. Another showed that women appeared less hungry on mornings when they walked on a treadmill for 45 minutes, Men's Health said. \"Exercise can definitely suppress hunger,\" Barry Braun, director of the Energy Metabolism Laboratory at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17186094", "title": "Half marathon for diabetes patients today", "text": "DHANBAD: Diabetes and Heart Research Centre of Dhanbad will organize a half marathon on Monday morning from Bank More to Kala Bhavan. It will be to motivate people for physical exercise so that diseases like diabetes can be prevented, said the centre director, Dr N K Singh, here on Sunday.Dr Singh, talking to the media on World Diabetes Day, said, \"Only 20% of the people of Dhanbad exercise regularly and only 15% include fresh fruits and vegetables in their diet.\" Releasing a report on the prevalence of diabetes in the coal belt, Dr Singh said people watch television programmes for ten hours daily. Stress is prevalent among 90% residents of the coal belt.He also said, \"The centre wants to promote 'eat less, walk more' as an easy cure to diabetes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186656", "title": "Now, cash prize for embarrassing open defecators", "text": "JAIPUR: After announcing the unique scheme of embarrassing people publically urinating or defecating by playing drums or blowing whistles, the Jhunjhunu zila parishad has gone a step ahead to make the scheme a success.The parishad has announced a cash reward of Rs 500 and a letter of appreciation to volunteers for playing drums or blowing whistles while standing behind the offender. The student volunteers will be preferred for the reward.The Jhunjhunu zila parishad had announced the scheme on November 5 in 34 village panchayats in the district with an aim to check the practice of open defecation.\"We are implementing the scheme. Volunteers are coming forward. Help of NGOs will also be taken. We have come up with the idea of cash rewards to volunteers to encourage them,\" a senior zila parishad officer told TOI.Zila Parishad's CEO Ramniwas Jat said the students who voluntarily spread awareness against urinating in public by blowing whistles or beating drums will be encouraged with the cash reward. Students will have to send an application to the zila parishad to win the prize.The officer said that the volunteers will encourage people to build toilets in houses.The officials also said that people who don't have toilets in their houses will be allowed to use the ones in nearby government schools. However, permission of the school head will have to be sought before using the toilets.There are 288 village panchayats in the district, of which 30 have received the Nirmal Gram Puraskar as every house in these villages has a toilet. Jat said a proposal to include 34 village panchayats under the initiative has been sent for approval. We are constructing public toilets in each of these village panchayats and people will be encouraged to use them.Jhunjhunu district collector Joga Ram said construction of about 10,000 toilets in BPL households has been sanctioned recently. Each toilet will cost Rs 9,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188367", "title": "'Diyas' see revival in demand", "text": "PATNA: Potters here are hopeful that the dying traditional art of making earthen 'diyas' and clay pottery will witness a revival as people who are environment-friendly are eager to illuminate their homes in a traditional way on the occasion of Diwali.Subhash, a potter, is happy with his stock of earthen 'diyas' and hopes, \"They will be spreading light in so many houses on Diwali.\" He also said, \"Besides Diwali, we don't have much work for rest of the year when all we do is to make 'kullhads' (earthen teacups), which too are not much in use now. Another potter Birju feels, \"We have to make the 'diyas' attractive against the competition offered by electric series of lighting.\"\"Pottery is no more a profitable business. Sales have slumped over the years. But from last year, the demand for earthen 'diyas' has once again increased. We, therefore, decided to increase the number of 'diyas' we make this Diwali,\" said Teju Prajapati, a potter residing at Kurji.The elderly man, however, pointed out that fairy bulbs, which come cheap at Rs 25-30 per five-metre string, had already dealt a blow to traditional 'diyas'.Decorating houses with earthen lamps is both cumbersome and costly. After buying 'diyas' for Rs 60-70 per hundred pieces, one has to clean them and arrange for wicks and oil, the cheapest variety of which comes at Rs 60 per litre. Yet, people are slowly going back to traditional ways of decorating lights, realizing its scientific importance.What has lowered the enthusiasm of the potters is the rising cost of 'mitti' (clay) used in making the pottery. Despite all odds, potters spin the wheels to create the earthen lamps.\"Chikni mitti (smooth clay) is used to make the lamps. The rise in its cost has increased the cost of production. Thus, our profit margin has gone down. But we will not give up and keep this traditional art alive,\" said a potter at Nayatola.\"Earthen lamps made by the potters add a unique glitter to the houses. They weave their own magic. The poetic beauty of the flickering flame is simply enchanting. This Diwali, I have made up my mind to illuminate my house with traditional 'diyas',\" said Manju Mishra, a housewife.\"I make around 20,000 'diyas' every festive season. I cast and fire my wares during Durga Puja,\" said Hemant and maintained that many urban potters buy 'diyas' from others in villages to sell them in the urban market for Diwali.\"As it is, we don't get clay in the city. It is collected from the banks of Ganga. Then, a proper clay mould has to be prepared and, finally, the lamps are cast and fired. We are resigned to our fate as we have been doing this since childhood,\" he said, adding, \"GenX does not take interest in the vocation. Nor do we encourage them to do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188075", "title": "Dhananjay Kumar dares BJP to act against BSY aides", "text": "MYSORE: The president of newly formed Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) V Dhananjay Kumar on Sunday said any punitive action against BJP legislators for expressing their support to former CM B S Yeddyurappa will cost the saffron party dearly.Holding out a veiled threat to BJP government, he said it will be suicidal if BJP high command acts against party legislators. \"I don't think they have the guts to act against legislators supporting us. If they do, it will be suicidal,\" he told reporters.Referring to the BJP's lack of action against the party MLAs from Bellary even when they are supporting former minister B Sriramulu's BSR Congress, he said: \"BJP high command lacks the courage to take punitive action. If they do now, it will prove costly to them.\" According to him, at least 50 MLAs will attend the party's convention in Haveri on December 9.The KJP chief challenged opposition leader Siddaramaiah to move no-confidence motion against the government if he is sure that the government is dead. Asked whether the legislators supporting the KJP vote for the motion, he said they will not like Jagadish Shettar government to fall. \"We'll not support it as Yeddyurappa wants the government to last its full term,\" he claimed.Taking on former CM D V Sadananda Gowda for calling him a second-grade politician, he said Gowda ditched Yeddyurappa, who prompted him to be the CM of the state. \"People of Sulia (in Dakshina Kannada) know better about Gowda,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17188004", "title": "Man arrested for kidnapping minor", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police arrested Jagdish Aher of Dongar Gaon of Chandwad tehsil for kidnapping a minor girl after promising to marry her. The victim's father complained that he had sent his 16-year-old daughter to his brother-in-law Sachin Hire for tuition. On October 29, accused Jagdish Aher took her to an unidentified place. As the girl could not be traced, a complaint was lodged with the Nashik Road police on November 11, after which the accused was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17188493", "title": "Cancer awareness programme at SRM Medical College", "text": "CHENNAI: SRM Medical College and Research Centre in the city's suburb organised a cancer awareness programme on Sunday. The programme was aimed to raise awareness and understanding about cancer that is affecting more and more people across the world.Addressing the gathering, chairperson of Adyar Cancer Institute Dr V Shantha said, in India, cancers are more often associated with tobacco use, but lifestyle changes are also aiding cancer in a large number. Shantha distributed prizes for the 'Pathology Prize Competition' , organised as part of the awareness programme. SRM University vice-chancellor (VC) M Ponnavaikko, pro-VC (Medical) P Thangaraju attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186087", "title": "Seven medicos feted on Dhanwantari Jayanti", "text": "NAGPUR: To celebrate the birth anniversary of their presiding deity Lord Dhanwantari, the city branch of National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA) honoured seven Ayurveda practitioners of the city with the 'Dhanwantari Samman 2012'.Kirtikumar Randive, senior geology professor of Nagpur University and laparoscopic surgeon Dr Roshan Bhiwapurkar were chief guests for the event. Former principal of Shree Ayurveda College Dr MM Jumle and senior professor of Government Ayurveda College Vaidya Meera Aurangabadkar were the guests of honour. Former MP Banwarilal Purohit presided over the event. Awards were conferred upon two academicians, two medical officers and three practitioners who have rendered service for more than 35 years.Randive, whose subject of research is geological medicine, stressed the importance of research and documentation for the furtherance of Ayurveda. Dr Bhiwapurkar, despite being an allopathic practitioner, spoke about the lessons learn from Dhanwantari who was believed to be amongst the first surgeons in the history of mankind. He also marveled at the fact that the Dhanwantari doubled up as a physician as well as a surgeon and did both the jobs well.Aurangabadkar also expressed awe about the fact that Dhanwantari was known to be doing critical care in the ancient times with not many facilities. She said the doctors that it was worth learning from the deity to be responsible towards one's patients.Dr Jumle spoke about the importance of organization among the doctors and devotion towards their practice and patients. Purohit was happy that even in today's time, there were people who were carrying forward the legacy of ancient Indian methods of treatment. Dr Jai Chhangani, Dr Ravindra Bothra and Dr Ashok Sagote conducted the proceedings of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17187561", "title": "Students learn robotics", "text": "LUDHIANA: Don Bosco Global School, in association with Tech Fest IIT Bombay and Bootcamps, organized a two-day workshop on \"robotics\" on Friday and Saturday. Students of many leading schools of the city, including Ryan International School, BVM Senior Secondary School, Greenland Convent School, Tagore Public School and DAV Public Shool participated in the innovative workshop.On the first day, the participants were told about electronic components used in a robot and were given a brief review on advanced robots. The second day of the workshop was particularly exciting for the participants as they were given robotic kits to assemble wireless robots under the guidance of IIT faculty. The selected students will go on to participate in a national competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17185666", "title": "Maria Sharapova drops in, floors Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wait for a glimpse of international sporting royalty can be long, and often never-ending, in India. Sunday, though, was different. The alluring presence of Maria Sharapova left fans here touched and awed as the reigning deity of tennis landed in India for the first time.Not surprisingly, the small conference room where Sharapova was making her first appearance was packed to capacity and there was a frenzied rush to catch a glimpse of one of the most recognizable faces in tennis.Amid it all was the cool and glamorous figure of the 6-foot-2-inch tall Sharapova, who soaked in all the attention without batting an eyelid. Her blonde locks flowing, Sharapova looked stunning in a short black skirt and a pristine white designer jacket. No wonder the infrastucture company that brought her to the country was pushed to the background.\"I am amazed that it has taken me such a long time to get to India. I know I have a tremendous number of fans in this country. One day, hopefully, we will get to play live in front of them,\" she said, greeting everyone with a big smile.Her first taste of the country was, well, food. \"I arrived in India late last night and I am here only for a day. I had some dosa for breakfast after asking the chef what I should have. I am trying to sample all this great Indian food, being a big fan of Indian culture,\" she said.After a fruitful year in which she completed a career Grand Slam by winning the French Open crown and also won a silver medal at the London Olympics, Sharapova was enjoying a well-deserved break in the quaint Moyo Island in Indonesia before her short stopover here.She found Delhi a \"pleasant change\" from the exotic island where she has been enjoying a holiday. \"There is so much energy in this city. I have been in really quiet areas of the world resting but it's great to come to a city with so much energy,\" the 25-year-old said.It was only a matter of time before someone commented, \"You always look so beautiful!\" The world No. 2 modestly replied, \"I don't always look like this. It is the make-up and the hair. You should see me in the morning after I wake up.\"With hardly any time at hand to savour India, Sharapova was in a hurry to get some shopping done by the end of the day. \"I'll love to go around the markets, get some souvenirs for my friends since it's going to be Christmas soon. I will also like to look at some Indian dresses, but there is no time for a visit to Taj Mahal ,\" she added.Here's hoping that the lure of the Taj brings Sharapova back to India sooner than later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17189893", "title": "Review: HTC Desire X smartphone", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is a dearth of good Android phones with a price of less than Rs 20,000. We keep hearing how wonderful Samsung Galaxy S III or HTC One X are. But these are expensive phones, costing upwards of Rs 30,000, a price few Indian buyers pay for a smartphone.HTC tried to address the sub-Rs 20,000 market with One V. We found the phone to be good. Design was fantastic, camera decent and the software capable. But its performance left much to be desired due to its single-core processors.Now HTC is back with Desire X. Once again the target is sub-Rs 20,000 market. On paper, at least, Desire X ticks all the right boxes. It has a 4-inch screen with a resolution of 800 x 480 pixels. It is powered by a dual-core processor and has 768MB RAM. It has 4GB internal storage with support for up to a 32GB SD card. It packs in a 5 mega-pixel camera.Desire X has the chops to become our favorite mid-range smartphone. But the proof of the pudding is in the eating. Can the (seemingly) good hardware enable the smartphone experience that we expect from Desire X?Superbly designed The phone's design, just like most other HTC devices, is almost impeccable. Desire X has inherited lots of style from One X, a flagship Android phone by HTC. It has the same rounded edges and sides curve down gracefully. The phone fits very well in the hand. Just like One X, Desire X too uses plastic. But, given the price point HTC is trying to achieve, the quality of plastic is inferior on Desire X. Though, it is not as bad as the glossy plastic that phones made by Samsung or Sony use. At 114 grams, the phone is quite light.But we said the design is almost impeccable. So, where does HTC get it wrong? Desire X has three physical buttons - power, volume up and volume down. While power button is all right, we found volume buttons to be very stiff and fiddly. Half of the time pressing it doesn't do anything. It is a minor annoyance but worth noting.Desire X is powered by Android Ice Cream Sandwich and not Jelly Bean, which is the latest version of the mobile operating software. But in terms of user interface, it doesn't matter because HTC has customized the look and feel of Android with Sense 4.0.Ideally, we will like to see all Android phones to have the default user interface but phone manufacturer find it hard to let go of their customized software. Fortunately, Sense 4 is a polished user interface. Visually, it is very good looking and goes well with the design aesthetics of Desire X. But it lacks major Android features like Google Now, an intelligent virtual assistant because that is part of Jelly Bean.Mixed performance In our daily use, we found Desire X to be a very capable phone for most of the tasks. The screen lacks the retina-busting pixels-per-inch (PPI) number found on high-end phones bit it is very bright, shows pleasant colours and has good touch response.Desire X performs well in general use. Web browsing is smooth, apps like Mail and Twitter work very well, GPS connectivity is instantaneous in apps like Google Navigation and call quality is fantastic. The same is true for the 5 mega-pixel camera, which shoots good pictures in daylight. However, in closed rooms or in lowlight, the pictures shot with Desire X have lot of grain . Though, we should make it clear that the situation is more or less same with almost all mid-range cameras. If clicking pictures with a phone is your primary goal, Nokia N8 is unbeatable at its current price-point.So, where is the problem? There has to be one. Desire X sells for less than Rs 20,000 and we are yet to find a mid-range phone that doesn't ask its users to make major compromises. Yes, Desire X too is not without its compromises. The problem is its processor - or rather the chipset, of which processor is one component.Let me explain it in little more detail. This is important. When companies like HTC or Samsung say their phones come with a dual-core processor, they rarely talk about the graphics side of the chip or reveal detail about the processor. Instead, they tell you that the number of cores is all that matters. Not true.Desire X is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon MSM8225 chipset. This chipset has a dual-core processor and Adreno 203 graphics chip. But unlike the higher-end android phones that use dual-core or quad-core processors based on ARM's Cortex A9 cores, MSM8225 uses Cortex A5 cores, which are not as powerful as the higher-end cores.In our use, we found the two Cortex A5 cores in Desire X were more than capable of handling most of the general-purpose tasks a user is likely to perform on his smartphone. But Adreno 203 graphics chip was the weak link. Though it allowed us to play games like Angry Birds, the experience was not smooth. Games like Subway Surfers and Temple Run, which require flawless performance, run even more poorly. More demanding 3D games like Shadowgun or even Beach Buggy Blitz simply crash when they are launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187912", "title": "Man held for duping Deolali resident of 7 lakh", "text": "NASHIK: Upnagar cops arrested Salman Shaikh,of Jai Bhavani Road, on charges of cheating a Deolali Camp resident of Rs 7.75 lakh.According to the victim, Mahesh Dahale, the accused told him that he was a automobile sub-dealer and would help Dahale sell off his multi-utility vehicle for a good price and give him another similar vehicle directly from the automobile company.Apart from taking Dahale's vehicle, the accused also took Rs 75,000 from him under the pretext of booking a new vehicle. But Shaikh did not give Dahale a new vehicle, neither did he return the victim's old vehicle and money, which led toDahale filing a police complaint leading to Shaikh's arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17186545", "title": "I-T dept loses \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcblack money\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 case against Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: The income tax department has lost a battle before the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal against UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav where it had accused him and his wife Dimple of using \"unaccounted\" cash to convert the land use of a property purchased in their joint names at 1-A, Vikramaditya Marg in Hazratganj, Lucknow.Akhilesh bought the prime property on January 31, 2005 from a Delhi-based businessman. The rights were acquired by him jointly with his wife. It is not known how much money the UP CM paid the businessman for the property. However, since it was Nazul (government) land, Akhilesh got it converted into free hold six months later on June 24, 2005 at a cost of Rs 44.67 lakh.Here, the CM invited trouble when he deposited Rs 44.67 lakh in cash in the joint bank account held by him and his wife in SBI's Lucknow branch on the morning of June 23, 2005 and withdrew the entire amount, in cash, the same day to pay the Nazul department against land conversion. It raised suspicion within the I-T department, which slapped him with notices to explain the \"unaccounted\" cash transaction.When confronted with the huge cash deposit in his bank account and its withdrawal the same day, Akhilesh was quick to reject doubts of the money being unaccounted saying the cash was a \"loan\" given to him and his wife by the Samajwadi Party .Akhilesh was an MP at that point and claimed that he didn't have the money to pay the Nazul department. However, within two months of the loan disbursement, Akhilesh and his wife paid back the entire amount to the party (on August 24, 2005), according to his declaration made later to the I-T department.The I-T department refused to buy the argument and questioned why he had agreed to take the money in cash when I-T rules clearly provide that all loans above Rs 10,000 should be through account payee cheque or draft only. When the CM failed to explain his position, the department imposed a penalty on him and his wife for the said amount.Akhilesh contested the penalty, arguing that he \"was of the age of 32 years in the assessment year under appeal and was of immature age and ignorant of law. Therefore, on that reason also, penalty should be deleted\". The I-T department, however, questioned his \"immature age\" argument, saying he was an MP and a lawmaker should be responsible enough to follow the law.The case then went to the I-T Appellate Tribunal where the revenue department argued that cash transactions were often done to hide unaccounted money. \"Unaccounted cash found in the course of searches carried out by the I-T department is often explained by taxpayers as representing loans taken from or deposits made by various persons. Unaccounted income is also brought into the books of account in the form of such loans and deposits, and taxpayers are also able to get confirmatory letters from such persons in support of their explanation,\" the department said demanding that Akhilesh and his wife should be penalized.The department moved ITAT in 2007 when the case was settled in favour of the SP leader. The commissioner appeals had then deleted the penalty and had observed that \"there was no scope for introducing any black money for transfer of cash from one concern to another concern\" and that the genuineness of the transaction was beyond doubt.The I-T department may move the high court against ITAT's verdict in favour of Akhilesh and his wife. The ITAT verdict dismissing the revenue's department's case came on October 23, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188509", "title": "Canine show concludes", "text": "KOCHI: The two-day dog show organized by the Canine Club of Cochin drew to a close with 300 dogs competing for titles including the best in various categories like working, utility, pastoral, hound and toy. The show concluded with an all-dogs line-up, with dogs battling it out for the ultimate title of the best in show.More than 60% dogs showcased were from outside Kerala and local participation in dog shows is slowly declining.However, the state is emerging as a pit stop for dog lovers, as Thrissur readies to host the FCI International Dog Show for the second time in January 2013.Around 30% of the show dogs were imported, highlighting a trend of resorting to foreign stock to strengthen pure blood lines in the country.A free anti-rabies inoculation drive and a demonstration by the Kerala police dog squad were also conducted as part of the show. Mayor Tony Chammany gave away the prizes to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17186288", "title": "Is Churchill Parrikar's latest holy cow?", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar's whirlwind tour of Navelim constituency, which is represented by fisheries minister Avertano Furtado, on Saturday, may have provided the much-needed adrenaline to the Furtado camp to score brownie points over the rival camp headed by former PWD minister Churchill Alemao . Political analysts, though, view the chief minister's visit to the heartland of Salcete's political landscape as yet another of Parrikar's smart moves on the political chessboard.During his day long visit to all five panchayats of Navelim on Saturday, Parrikar attempted to acquire a clear perspective of the issues being grappled with by locals by interacting directly with them. Though he alleged that there was a big scam in the PWD during Alemao's tenure, Parrikar, surprisingly, didn't drop a slightest of hint that action will be taken against Alemao, though he indicated that stern punishment awaited PWD engineers found guilty in the probe (to be initiated soon). Parrikar's reluctance, political analysts feel, to name Alemao for being responsible for the alleged scam, could be a part of Parrikar's strategy to keep the former PWD minister in good humour while the saffron party strategists draw up plans for the 2014 parliamentary polls. Alemao is seen as cozying up to Parrikar since his emergence from political hibernation following his one-on-one meeting with the chief minister recently.By calling Alemao's bluff over his claims of 'unprecedented' development during his tenure as PWD minister in the previous government, and at the same time exercising enough caution not to antagonize the Varca strongman, and yet moving ahead with his development plank, Parrikar has played a delicate balancing act, political observers say.\"It is an astute move by Parrikar in his attempt at consolidating the goodwill he has developed from the Salcete electorate. French philosopher, De Tocquiville said, 'it is the measure of the failure of democracy that we count the votes and not weigh them.' In that sense, the chief minister's visit to Navelim can be seen as his bid towards qualitative assessment of his strength in the Catholic-dominated areas, so as to chart his way to push forward his development agenda,\" Margao-based political observer Arun Mhambrey told TOI.Political observers also feel that by not directly targeting Alemao for all the misdeeds in the PWD, Parrikar is playing to the script of a political strategy-creating new political equations so as to further BJP's prospects in the parliamentary polls. The outcome of a probable triangular contest (with Alemao as one of the players) could work out to BJP's advantage. Political observers feel that Alemao would not be averse to contesting against the Congress party if he is denied the ticket by his party.\"Alemao has already raked up the Dabolim issue, and if he manages to split the traditional Congress votes over this issue-the hoteliers and the tourist taxi brigade are likely to back him-then it won't be a tough task for the BJP to cash in on the scenario. Parrikar's silence in speaking anything derogatory about Alemao should be seen in this context,\" a political commentator preferring anonymity said.Former chairperson of the Margao municipal council and a long-time player in local politics, Savio Coutinho, felt that whatever is the political impact of the chief minister's tour to Navelim, the announcements of new development projects in the constituency holds promise for the meaningful progress of the constituency. \"Whatever happens in the interest of Navelim is always welcome. There are many long-pending issues in Navelim constituency that demand the attention of the powers that be, and therefore it is good to know that the chief minister has taken personal interest in those matters,\" Coutinho said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186675", "title": "Pakistani virologist back for case in SC", "text": "JAIPUR: Pakistani virologist Dr Syed Khalil Chisthy has arrived in India after spending five months in Karachi, his hometown, well in time for the Supreme Court verdict on his case. The octogenarian, who was serving a life imprisonment in Ajmer prison, was granted conditional bail by the court in April 2012.Chishty has been convicted for killing a man during a brawl in Ajmer in April 1992. He belongs to a traditional Khadim community (priest) serving in the shrine of Hazrat Khwaja Moinuddin Chisthy, Ajmer, and had migrated to Pakistan during Partition.He landed in Delhi from Karachi on October 29, 2012, two days before Supreme Court's deadline for him to report in India on or before November 1. The apex court has set November 20 to pronounce the verdict on his appeal challenging the lower court conviction of his life imprisonment.Chishty, had come with his wife, Mehrunissa Chisthy and son Tariq Chishty and were putting up in a rented accommodation near the shrine of Hazrat Nizamuddin Aulia in Delhi.Talking to TOI from Delhi, Chisthy said, \"Inshallah, the court will send me back home. I have fulfilled my promise made to India's highest court and friends from civil society who supported my bail.\"Sharing some memoirs of his last five months spent in Pakistan, he said: \"Everything has changed in the past 20 years in Karachi. I could see skyscrapers, under passes, over bridges and shopping malls all around. I was very disappointed not to locate the addresses of my friends and my favorite places due to the change.\"The first thing he could do after going back to his hometown was to inquire about the well-being of his friends and relatives. Thereafter, he visited several graveyards across the city for fatiah (paying tributes) to his dear ones who died during his stay in India. He was disheartened to see the sectarian divide leading to violent clashes in his hometown Karachi.Visiting his alma mater, Karachi University's' department of microbiology, was moment worth millions, Chishty said, adding that it was good to see researches on many of his findings. Unable to move without walker, he had pledged the researchers that if he comes back to Pakistan, he will guide them.Reading out his 21 research articles published in international journals which shot him into fame, he said it was his first moment of pride and honour after two decades of misery. Aware that if Supreme Court upholds lower court's order, he may not visit his country alive again Chishty said, \"I am divided between two countries - India and Pakistan - I would like to be laid in peace where I breathe last,\" he said with a pause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17186971", "title": "Juvenile offenders haunt Ujjain police", "text": "UJJAIN: Ujjain police is facing challenges from unusual type of miscreants. They are not hardcore criminals, nor are they listed gundas. Rather, they are children falling under the age group of 10-12 years.Three incidents of stealing huge cash have occurred at different bank branches in past one month. Police have not been able to nab the culprits as yet.On October 13, one Anand Pandey who is an agent was at Unhel branch of Bank of India to deposit cash. He was busy doing some work when suddenly he noticed that the bag containing Rs 2.34 lakh was missing.The CCTV footage in bank cameras shows that two children, who were present inside the bank for a few minutes, were walking out. In another incident, which occurred at a cooperative bank, located at Tarana, on November 7, a customer was deceived of Rs 4.07 lakh in a similar manner.In the third incident, the juvenile delinquents succeeded in swirling away Rs 8.50 lakh from Aalot located State Bank of India on November 8. Here, when the cashier Amit Dangi left his seat for going to washroom, two children captured in CCTV cameras went inside the cabin and decamped with 17 bundles of Rs 500 denominations.The three incidents of similar nature have created turmoil at the banks and among the policemen too.DIG Shreeniwas Verma said CCTV footages in all the incidents hint that children have committed the crime and the police were searching the data of similar crimes or miscreants arrested earlier.A certain gang using children was active in the region and efforts are on to crack them, he said. Sources said police have doubts that a particular community of Pachore from Rajgarh district is known for their alleged involvement in such crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17188286", "title": "Mayawati irked by SP's welfare work : Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: In his first direct attack on Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and former chief minister Mayawati, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said on Sunday that she was actually \"irked\" by development work the Samajwadi Party (SP) government in the state. \"She is unhappy with the way our government is performing despite all odds and is now raising the issue of law and order in Uttar Pradesh,\" Akhilesh said.On the BSP chief, Akhilesh said Mayawati government had emptied state coffers while SP government was making all out efforts to bring the state back on the development track. \"During the Mayawati government, the state was deprived of any development programme whatsoever. Even schemes funded by the union government, fell prey to corruption and bungling. We are trying hard to gather all resources possible and generate funds to pull the state out of the mess it was in, when the SP government came to power on March 15,\" said Akhilesh.The CM said he had been holding regular meetings with police officials and action was being initiated against the accused irrespective of their political stature or background. \"No one will be allowed to take law in his hands and anyone who dares will be brought to book,\" he said talking to media shortly after he flagged off a fleet of 300 more ambulances under the Samajwadi Swasthya Sewa (SSS) of the state government under which free ambulance service can be availed across the state by dialing 108.The chief minister's statement came in response to media queries over Mayawati's comment earlier in the day on the performance of the state government in Uttar Pradesh. Talking to the media in Delhi while coming out of the Prime Minister's residence after lunch on Sunday, Mayawati said law and order situation in Uttar Pradesh in the SP government was worse than ever. The PM had invited Mayawati and her aide Satish Misra for lunch as part of a series of meetings with top leadership of all the political parties apparently to prepare for the forthcoming winter session of the Parliament where the UPA is expected to face some major challenges. The PM had, on Friday evening, met SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav , his son Akhilesh Yadav and brother Ram Gopal Yadav over dinner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188369", "title": "A nightmare on pandal streets", "text": "KOLKATA: Try taking a left turn at Ramesh Mitra Road from Sarat Bose Road and you'll be forced to take a U-turn. Thanks to a huge pandal for Kali puja. stands in that lane five days before Kali puja.A local resident said that Bakultala Young Men's Association, the club that organizes the Puja, decided to utilize the entire width of the road for the pandal since this is the golden jubilee year of the Puja.This is not the only pandal in the city blocking the roads and giving the commuters a tough time. There are many more across south Kolkata.Motorists are advised to drive safely while hitting the Townshend Road from Hazra, as a huge pandal, modelled on a village hut, has been set up at the intersection of Beltola Road and Townshend Road. Drivers are at a loss here, since four different roads meet at this particular point and they can hardly see the other ends of the roads due to this the presence of a huge pandal that has gobbled up the crossing. \"I could hardly make out what exactly is happening. There is only a small road left to move towards Bhowanipore or Sarat Bose Road. How can the police and civic administration allow a pandal at such a busy intersection?\" asked Rupak Mukherjee, a motorist.Huge pandals blocking roads and pavements are a common sight in Central and North Kolkata too.Visit Loudon Street in Central Kolkata and you will find the entrance to Maharana Pratap Udyan, the famous park, has been encroached for a pandal. And the park will remain closed for the next week, said a local. Surprisingly, the pandal has come up opposite Shakespeare Sarani police station. Rajib Deb, the KMC mayor-in-council member and the chief patron of the puja committee, is unperturbed. \"We have been organizing this Puja for the past several years. Local residents have no complaints. On the contrary, they wait for this Puja. We may temporarily block pavements, but we don't block roads,\" Deb said.Like Deb, Swarna Kamal Saha, who organizes a big-budget puja on S N Banerjee Road, felt that at times a part of the road needs to be utilized for the safety of the motorists during the festival. S N Banerjee Road remains closed for a day for this Kali puja. in the night on the inauguration day.Residents of Sitaram Ghosh Street, off Amherst Street, find it difficult to step on the street during the festival as it remains closed for more than a week. Prabandha Roy, a member of the puja committee there, said that a few years ago they had tried to shift the venue of the 55-year-old Puja. \"But locals resisted. They did not accept the proposal and the venue could not be shifted,\" Roy said.Another Kali puja pandal on a pavement near Amherst Street sees a small fair on both sides of the pavement there. Kolkata Police enforces a 'no entry' on Amherst Street on the Puja day. This big-budget puja, the chief patron of which is a Trinamool Congress MP, draws thousands of pandal hoppers from the city and the suburbs. \"We don't block Amherst Street. We have to close the road for sometime on a particular day for the safety of the visitors,\" said Piyal Chowdhury, one of the organizers of the Puja.A senior official of the KMC parks department said that no new permission has been granted this year to organize Pujas. \"We have allowed only those puja committees who have been organising Kali pujas for several years,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17187854", "title": "Shivagarjana to be staged from Dec 7", "text": "BELGAUM: The Pune-based Manav Vikas Pratisthan will stage 'Shivagarjana', a historical Marathi play depicting the life of Chhatrapati Shivaji for 20 days at CPEd ground here from December 7.As many as 500 artistes will perform on a 71-ft wide stage. Besides, elephants, camels and horses will also be part of the play, according to producer Himmatrao Patil. The play has received overwhelming response in Kolhapur and other parts of Maharashtra. It is being staged for the first time in Belgaum. There will be seating arrangement for 12,500 people.Several scenes, including attack of Allauddin Khilji, murder of king Lakhojirao, birth of Shivaji, war tactics, oath of freedom, killing of Afzal Khan, robbery of Surat, sacrifice of Tanaji, establishment of Shivaji as a king will form part of the play.Swapnil Yadav has directed the play with script by Indrajit Savant. While Harshal Surve plays the role of Shivaji, Deepali Hande will don the role of Jijabai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187154", "title": "City temperature falls, but dengue virus grip strong", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fall in temperature has failed to have any impact on the transmission of dengue virus in the city. According to city hospitals, they are still receiving 10-12 suspected cases of the mosquito-borne infection that has claimed four lives so far \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including three children and a pregnant nurse at Lok Nayak Hospital.\"Mohini B Masih (29) was admitted with dengue fever on October 25. She struggled with the infection for six days but her platelets kept falling rapidly, and she eventually died due to shock from respiratory distress,\" said a senior doctor at Lok Nayak Hospital. Masih was due for delivery in next two weeks, the doctor added.According to municipal authorities, few other cases of suspected dengue deaths have been reported from the city, but they are yet to be confirmed. \"Despite the dip in temperature, there is no significant decline in the number of dengue cases this year. We are still getting 30-35 confirmed cases daily,\" a senior official said. Mosquito breeding inside the houses has been a major factor for high incidence rate, he said.\"Stagnation of water in and around overhead tanks, flower vase or unused coolers is the most common. Many educational institutions and hospitals have failed to take preventive measures,\" said the official.Dr S P Byotra, head of the internal medicine department at Sir Ganga Ram hospital said dengue cases should go down post-Diwali when the temperature dips further.Delhi has reported 1401 dengue cases so far - 522 from South Delhi, 473 from North and 344 from the East Delhi areas. \"We are holding a review meeting to assess the spread of the diseases like dengue and swine flu on Monday and based on the feedback, we will take measures,\" said state health minister A K Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186572", "title": "Foundation for next Metro phase to be laid in July 2013", "text": "JAIPUR: To add one more project in its kitty before the next state elections, the Congress government announced that it would lay the foundation stone for the Metro project phase I (B), proposed from Badi Chaupar to Chandpole, in July 2013.Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) chief managing director N C Goyal said, \"The foundation stone will be laid 15 days after the Phase I (Mansarovar to Chandpole) is made operational. A decision has not yet been taken if the work will be given to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) or taken up on a public-private partnership (PPP).\"An official said the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) is looking at getting financial assistance from the Central government in the form of equity for the Metro phase I (B). As part of a joint venture, the Centre is expected to fund 20% of the project in the form of equity.A senior JMRC official said \"OnJMRC's request, the Union ministry of urban development recently forwarded the proposal to the Planning Commission, seeking its comments. The Central government will provide Rs 627 crore in form of equity. As per the norms, the Centre will have a 20% stake in the project.\"After the Commission's comments, the proposal would be sent to pre-public invest board, where the status report would be prepared and then sent to the public invest board. It would be sent to the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) for the final approval, the official explained.If the Central government rejects the proposal, the work on the Metro's Phase-I is likely to face financial glitches, JMRC sources claimed.\"There is sufficient arrangement of funds to construct the project from Mansarovar to Chandpole. However, the state government is not in a position to fund the entire project till Badi Chaupar,\" sources said.The estimated cost to construct the line from Mansarovar to Chandpole is Rs 2000 crore. If it is extended to Badi Chaupar, the cost will go up to around Rs 3,149 crore.Officials said the 2. 4 km corridor (from Badi Chaupar to Chandpole) would be constructed underground in the Walled City area. Under Phase-I (B) of the project, an underground tunnel would be dug from Chandpole to Badi Chaupar through the congested areas of the old city.People living on the route fear that the project would damage the ancient buildings and spoil the heritage structure of the old city. Putting to rest such apprehensions, DMRC officials said technology has been successfully used to protect the historical monuments in Delhi and Chennai for metro projects.\"It's a method in which boring is done with the help of a shield machine called the Earth Pressure Balance Machine (EPBM). Deployed in tracks aligned with sensitive areas and important buildings, the EPBM manages the earth pressure with regards to soft ground or densely populated areas ensuring minimum ground movement,\" an expert said.\"Experts monitor the construction process and run tests to ensure there are no ground vibrations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187478", "title": "Rs 20L valuables stolen", "text": "Cash and jewellery worth Rs 20.2 lakh were stolen from the Sion residence of Pankaj Agarwal (40), a businessman, between Friday night and Saturday morning. Burglars made away with 275gm gold, 6kg silver and Rs 1 lakh.Youth commits suicideRanaram Solanki (22) committed suicide by hanging at his Malad (E) home between Saturday night and Sunday morning. Cops said the deceased was an alcoholic. No suicide note was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192077", "title": "Diwali sweet recipe: Chakkari pongali", "text": "This Diwali, add another sweet recipe to your list of to do sweets. South Indian sweet preparation chakkari pongali is a delicious delight.Made with rice, moong dal and jaggery, chakkari pongali is a relatively easy recipe which does not take hours of preparation. And it can add variety to you Diwali sweet offerings.Here is how you can go about it:Ingredients: Rice: 100 gms Moong dal: 100 gms Jaggery: 250 gms Ghee: 200 gms Cardamom ground: a pinch Cashew, almond flakes, kishmis - as much as you like Coconut milk - 200 mlMethod: First take a non-stick pan and roast the rice and moong dal till the mixture turns light golden yellow in colour. In a separate pan, take 100 ml of water and add jaggery to it. Heat the water and jaggery in low flame until the jaggery dissolves and a syrup is formed. Do not make a thick syrup. In the meantime, cook rice and moong dal in about 200 ml of water. Once half cooked, add coconut milk of about 200 ml to it and cook it further. Once rice and moong are almost cooked, add the jaggery syrup. Add cardamom powder to it.In a separate pan, take ghee, add cashew flakes, almond flakes and kishmis. Let these turn golden brown. Then add the entire ghee and dry fruit mixture to the chakkari pongali mixture. Allow the entire stuff to cook for about five minutes on low flame.Serve it either cold or hot depending on your liking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191784", "title": "Surbhi Shukla in Color\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Durga", "text": "Off late, TOI.com exclusively reported about Colors rolling out for a mythological show, titled Durga. It was also mention that the role of Durga will be essayed by a Bengali actress Piyali Munsi and the show will go on air by mid of Decemeber.Reports too suggests that Durga is been made by the makers (Sagar Arts) on a larger scale and is planned to launch in a competition with Life OK's Devo Ke Dev Mahadev.The latest information we have gathered is that Surbhi Shukla, who has earlier acted in Life OK's Devo Ke Dev Mahadev will now don the avatar of younger Durga's mother.If sources are to be believed than Surbhi was also offered SAB TV's new project Tota weds Maina , produced by Anjum Rizwi but the actress declined the offer as she was more keen to be part of Durga .When contacted, Surbhi stated, \"Talks are on with the production house and if things fall in place, I will be a part of Durga for sure.\"The shoot for Durga will begin immediately post Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17189819", "title": "Narendra Modi behind anti-Gadkari campaign, says RSS leader Vaidya", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior RSS leader MG Vaidya has alleged that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi was behind the campaign against BJP president Nitin Gadkari.Vaidya in his blog on Sunday wrote, \"The roots of the campaign against Nitin Gadkari have to be in Gujarat because when Ram Jethmalani demanded Gadkari's resignation, he also demanded that Narendra Modi be made the prime ministerial candidate of the party.\"In an English translation of the Marathi blog, he had also written that \"Modi himself seems to have strong prime ministerial ambitions because LK Advani and Nitin Gadkari have already said that they are not in the race for the PM. But Narendra Modi has still not said anything on this issue\".\"Narendra Modi might have felt that Gadkari as the BJP president will hamper his chances of becoming the prime minster. He is using Jethmalani to fulfil his plans,\" the senior RSS leader alleged.On Monday, as the controversy grew, he explained: \"And because Jethmalani has combined the two things in one statement, demanding Nitin Gadkari's resignation and making Narendra Modi as PM, I said that the needle of suspicion goes to Gujarat. I only said needle of suspicion goes towards Modi, and that there is a suspicion. And if Jethmalani is entitled to his own point of view, I also am entitled to my own point of view.\"Later speaking to Times Now, Vaidya said that his comments were personal and he stood by his opinion.According to TV reports, the RSS also issued a statement saying that Vaidya's comments were personal.The BJP has also been quick to say that Vaidya's comments were personal.BJP MP Ram Jethmalani has openly called for Gadkari's resignation. He has also pitched for Narendra Modi being made the prime ministerial candidate in the next Lok Sabha elections.Vaidya criticised Jethmalani for his open revolt against Gadkari, saying: \"Ram Jethmalani should not have expressed his displeasure against Nitin Gadkari publicly. Any BJP member or MP can feel that Nitin Gadkari should resign, but they should raise this issue on the party platform.\"Gadkari has been under attack for alleged financial impropriety in connection with his Purti Group. BJP leader Mahesh Jethmalani, also Ram Jethmalani's son, quit the party national executive last week protesting Gadkari's continuation in office in the wake of allegations against him. (With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188588", "title": "Books on classical dance forms, maths released", "text": "KOCHI: On Sunday, actor Poornima Indrajith released 'Mohiniyattam: Ariyendathellaam' written by Kala Vijayan, and Mrinalini Sarabhai's 'Bharatanatyam: Ariyendathellaam' at the 15th DC International Book Fair and Cultural Fest. Actor Kalasala Babu presided over the function.At the function, six books on mathematics for children as well as adults, were also released. The books are T S Ravikumar's 'Ganithakeli', 'Ganitha Padanam Rasakaramaakkaan' by S Muraleedharan, '103 Ganitha Thathwangalum Siddhaanthangalum' by Shan Sen, B Madhu's 'Algebra', 'Kannakku Eluppam Padikkaam' by M R C Nair and C K Bhaskaran's 'Kanakkile Kurukku Vazhikal'.Babu spoke about the relationship between mathematics and various performing arts, the significance of bringing out books on traditional art forms for the benefit of future generations and the history of mohiniyattam in the state.The authors emphasized the need for simplifying the learning process so that children can like the subject. They also discussed the general perception that mathematics is a difficult subject and how this viewpoint developed over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17188331", "title": "Won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t use IAC label after party launch on Nov 26: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday said his group will not use 'India Against Corruption' (IAC) as its name after the formation of his political party on November 26, a day after the veteran activist's group insisted that they would like to retain the name.\"Anna is too dear to us. I have deepest respects for him. After launch of our party on November 26, we will not use IAC name,\" Kejriwal tweeted.Earlier in the day, Kejriwal said he considers Hazare as his \"Guru\" and talks to him everyday. \"If he asks me to stop using the IAC's name, I won't use it,\" Kejriwal said when asked about Hazare and his associates' claim that the name remains with them. Meanwhile, activist Kiran Bedi on Sunday said that the name IAC will remain with Hazare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17188698", "title": "Two quintals of fireworks seized", "text": "VARANASI: Over two quintals of fireworks were seized in Dalmandi area during a checking drive launched in view of illegal trading of crackers while the district magistrate Saurabh Babu and SSP BD Paulson also took stock of this market to see the quality of fire works on Sunday.The ADM City MP Singh and SP City SK Singh along with heavy police force raided Dalmandi area in afternoon. Its worth mentioning here that despite cancellation of licenses, many fireworks wholesalers had been found operating from this densely populated locality in past.Not only this, when the district administration issued temporary licenses for cracker retailing during last Diwali, large number of traders had preferred to sale their crackers from Dalmandi market instead of installing their shop in Beniabagh park.The ADM City said that when this market was checked some petty firework shops were found operating illegally. On the order of officials, total stock of these shops were seized. He said that maximum temporary license holders of Dalmandi area had shown interest in installing their shops at Beniabagh park this time.He said that during checking drive in other parts of city, 14 others shops were targeted by the officials as instead of operating from demarcated cracker trading zones these shops were operating in populated and main market areas. In late afternoon the DM and SSP also visited city areas to take stock of situation.During their stay at Beniabagh park they tested the quality of crackers to ensure that they had been manufactured as per the norms prescribed by the Supreme Court. They also released leaflets printed for distributing among people for creating awareness among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chidambaram", "code": "17186627", "title": "'State's inaction led to Annamalai university closure'", "text": "CHIDAMBARAM: The Tamil Nadu government has failed to regulate the functioning of Annamalai University leading to the indefinite closure of the 83-year-old institution, according to academicians, trade unionists and legal experts.A state university established in 1929 by the Madras Presidency, the management shut down all departments on Saturday following a stand-off with staff members over the reported plan to cut jobs and salaries. University vice-chancellor M Ramanathan on Wednesday had announced that the management proposed to retrench a section of staff members and resort to a 50% cut in salaries of others to overcome a financial crisis.The university is known for its professional courses by students in the state and sought after for its distance education across the country.At present, there are 30,000 students pursuing various programmes in the regular stream and over 4.5 lakh students in the distance education mode. There are 3,896 teaching faculty members and 9,434 non-teaching faculty members in the university as against the government's sanctioned strength of 860 teaching posts and 1,820 non-teaching posts. The future of the students and employees hangs in the balance.Academicians and trade unionists feel that the Madras Presidency and subsequent state governments accorded enormous administrative powers to the family of Rajah Sir S R M Annamalai Chettiar, who donated Rs 20 lakh in 1929 to establish the university at Chidambaram.Annamalai Chettiar was appointed as pro-chancellor of the university and his son Rajah Sir Muthiah Chettiar and grandson M A M Ramaswamy succeeded him to the post.Joint action council (JAC) convener R Udaiachandran said that Annamalai University is the only state university with a pro-chancellor other than the higher education minister of the state. The higher education minister of the state is the pro-chancellor of all state universities, including Madras University and Bharathidasan University. \"Annamalai Chettiar was appointed as the pro-chancellor of the university giving him complete powers in recommending candidates for the post of vice-chancellor. The chancellor (Tamil Nadu governor) can nominate any one of the 3 candidates shortlisted by the pro-chancellor as the vice-chancellor. After Annamalai Chettiar, his son and grandson went on to become the pro-chancellors. \"There are widespread allegations that the management went on a recruitment spree for personal benefits,\" Udaiachandran said.JAC sought the immediate intervention of the state government to resolve the issue. \"The government must intervene and resolve the issue and if necessary must take over the university,\" said JAC joint convener S Mathialagan. He said the financial crisis in the university was not an overnight episode. \"The university in its budget report as early as 1999 declared that it is short of 48 crore. However, in the next 12 years the management recruited over 6,000 teaching and non teaching staff members compounding the financial burden,\" he said.Annamalai University vice-chancellor M Ramanathan justified the recruitment policy of the institution arguing that the university was growing fast in the last decade and it needed qualified professionals to carry out academic and administrative operations. He pointed out that enrollment of students under distance education mode increased from 4,000 to over 4.5 lakh students in the last 15 years and the management decided to open several centres in cities and towns in the state and country and recruit adequate staff members to man the centres.However, he said the financial burden of the university increased with the implementation of the sixth pay commission's recommendations. \"The salary of teaching staff increased by roughly 30% and non teaching staff by 20%. Moreover the dearness allowance tripled from 23% to 72% and the retirement benefits increased by almost 3 to 4 folds after the implementation of sixth pay commission's recommendations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191121", "title": "Veena Malik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nagna Satyam launched", "text": "Pakistani actress Veena Malik's upcoming Telugu film, titled Nagna Satyam, was launched here on Sunday. Nagna Satyam is directed by Rama Rao and produced by Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao under Anuradha films banner.The controversial actress will be making her Tollywood debut and her second south film apart from enacting in a Kannada movie. Speaking on this occasion, Veena Malik said that Nagna Satyam does not deal with the sex but addresses contemporary issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17186279", "title": "Sewerage scheme for Margao by 2013", "text": "PANAJI: The sewerage scheme for Margao town being built at a cost of 208 crore and covering a network length of about 46km is expected to be completed by May 2013.Sources in the Sewerage and Infrastructural Development Corporation (SIDC) said that the sewerage scheme for Navelim and suburban areas of Margao town, being built at a cost of 43 crore and spanning a network length of 28km is expected to be completed earlier, in April 2013.The sewerage scheme for Margao covers the areas of Sirvodem, Khareband, Pedda, Malbhat, Aquem, Costa ground, Vidya Nagar, etc. Already, 6km of the sewerage network in Sirvodem is completed and is functioning. While the Margao sewerage scheme is supposed to have around 3,000 connections, including connections to multi-unit complexes, the Sirvodem area alone serves a population of about 2,500. The network is connected to the 7.5MLD sewage treatment plant at Sirvodem itself.The 46km sewerage network for Margao by the SIDC is in addition to the 38km sewerage network proposed under the JICA scheme. The JICA sewerage network will cover the areas around the collector's office, part of Comba, Gandhi market, Colmorod, etc. But the JICA work order has still not been issued.The SIDC's second sewerage scheme for Navelim, which covers the areas of Rumdamol and Davorlim, is also in progress. The 28km network will cater to a population of about 9,000 people. SIDC sources said that work is going on in full swing. In fact, a network of 14km is ready in Rumdamol and the full scheme is expected to be complete by April 2013.Sources said that the next priority as per the chief minister's budget speech are sewerage schemes in Porvorim and Ponda. In fact, the SIDC has already prepared the detailed project reports for these two schemes and these are awaiting the government's approval. The sewerage scheme for Porvorim and suburban areas is estimated to cost around 254 crore and the scheme for Ponda municipality including Curti, Bandora, Kavlem and other urban agglomerates in Ponda taluka are estimated to cost 403 crore.The SIDC has also prepared detailed project reports for four more projects. Three are sewerage schemes. One is for Cortalim and suburban areas of Vasco town ( 605 crore), another is for the South Goa coastal belt ( 655 crore) and the third is for Old Goa ( 284 crore). The fourth project is the recycling of effluent and 20MLD treatment plant at Vasco at a cost of 60 crore.Sources said that depending on the availability of funds, the corporation can go ahead with tendering the projects. But since the length of the sewerage scheme for the South Goa coastal belt is big, that scheme may be executed in phases after taking financial assistance from an outside agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "18572209", "title": "Mere Dad Ki Maruti", "text": "CreditsDirector: Ashima Chibber Cast: Ram Kapoor, Saqib Saleem, Rhea Banner: Y Films Music: Sachin Gupta Release Date: March 15, 2013SynopsisGet ready for an outrageous comedy set against the backdrop of a loud Punjabi wedding in Chandigarh. MDKM tells the story of a boy who sneaks his dad's fancy new car out to impress the college hottie and how all hell breaks loose when he loses it!'Mere Dad Ki Maruti' stars Ram Kapoor, one of television's most loved actors as the khadoos dad in his first full-fledged comedy role. And the leads are played by the next two new faces that YRF is launching after Anushka, Ranveer and Arjun, Parineeti namely Saqib Saleem who made his debut in last year's sleeper hit from Y-Films' 'Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge'. Proclaimed the 'Find of the Year' by critics, Saqib will be romancing another hot new face being launched by Y-Films, Rhea.Rhea was spotted when she was a finalist in the Ms. Teen International pageant and went on to become the youngest VJ on MTV. Having fine-tuned her acting chops in a South film, directed by Prabhu Deva, she now plays a fun Chandigarh girl who inadvertently becomes the root cause of the hero's troubles with his car. A great looker, fabulous dancer and full of energy, Rhea promises to be someone to watch out for!MDKM also marks the directorial debut of Ashima Chibber who has been associated with some of the most talented directors of our times. Beginning as Shimit Amin's First AD on 'Ab Tak Chappan' and 'Chak De India' among others, Ashima's last project was as First Assistant Director to Imtiaz Ali on 'Rockstar'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185700", "title": "Rock band to jazz up IIT Kharagpur fest", "text": "GUWAHATI: IIT Kharagpur is all geared up to organize Spring Fest-2012 from January 23 to 26. The festival is aimed at providing a stage to the students to prove their mettle and caliber.The three-day-event will include more than 60 varied events. This year's major attraction is the nation-wide rock band competition 'Wildfire' to be conducted mainly in five cities viz. Bangalore, Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Guwahati. Apart from this, a three-day IIT Kharagpur Model United Nations Conference will be organized in association with the Debating Society of IIT Kharagpur from January 24 to January 26. A street play competition titled 'Nukkad' will be conducted nationwide. The event will have the prelims conducted in Delhi, Mumbai and Chandigarh in December, while the finals will be held in Kharagpur during the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187953", "title": "Bird hit forces emergency landing at IGI airport", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A Bhubaneswar-bound flight was forced to make an emergency landing at IGI airport in New Delhi following a bird hit on Sunday afternoon. The freak accident caused a gaping hole on the nose of the Air India flight IC-877.Air India authorities said the flight safely landed back at the New Delhi airport and no one was injured. Sources said the flight was expected to land in Bhubaneswar at 1.20 pm. All the passengers reached the state capital in another aircraft.\"After flying for 20 minutes, the pilot announced emergency landing back at IGI airport. We were asked to keep cool. It safely landed and no one was hurt,\" said BJP leader Murli Sharma, who was in the flight. \"After landing, we saw there was a deep hole on the nose of the plane,\" Sharma added.On November 3, a Delhi-bound flight returned to Biju Patnaik airport here a few minutes after taking off owing to a bird hit. All passengers were safe.Bird menace has become a frequent problem with 12 such cases reported this year. Officials said birds are often attracted to the city airport as its periphery is littered with remnants of dead animals because of slaughter houses in the vicinity.A month ago, chief secretary B K Patnaik had directed officials to initiate measures to stop bird menace, considering the state government's bid to fetch the city airport an international tag. Official sources said efforts were on to shift the slaughter houses to new locations.\"On our part, we have been keeping the runway area clean. We have pressed five men to chase away birds by lighting crackers,\" said assistant general manager (airport traffic) H J Parmar. \"We have written to the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation to take care of the heaps of animal wastes in the airport's peripheral area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17188061", "title": "It'll be important to tie down England, says Ojha", "text": "MUMBAI: Surrey skipper Gareth Batty, who skippered Pragyan Ojha during the latter's county stint last season, feels if England need to counter India's spinners, going after Ojha will be crucial. The left-arm spinner, in a TOI exclusive said that trying to \"curb the flow of runs\" will be the most important task when England face him. Excerpts...You've developed a reputation as a stingy bowler...Consistency is what I've been looking at. It matters more than anything else. All the seniors that I have spoken to have told me that bowling a consistent line is very important. The idea is to curb the flow of runs and that is a task that is foremost in my mind.So, while you stymie runs, Ashwin plays the attacker?One of the important things in world cricket is the changing trend of modern-day batsmen. As they keep playing in the shorter formats, the pressure to score quickly has allowed them to take more risks. When batsmen play in the longer format, they subconsciously remain in the habit to score quickly. To curb the runflow is very important.How do you rate England's ability to play spin?England have done exceedingly well in the last few years. They were the World's No. 1 team and recently did well against Sri Lanka too. One of the reasons is they have a talented batting line-up. Whether it's Cook or Pietersen or Trott, they've all got big hundreds in important matches. Tying them down will be important.You and Ashwin seem to have become good friends. Does it help on the field too?We've bowled a bit together playing for India recently. We're from the same zone (South), are the same age group and played together from our Under-16 days. So, yes, we get along well. We talk to each other, the communication is good, so that helps when you play together. My job is to create pressure, bowl a particular line and keep it tight. Meanwhile, Ashwin thinks about setting them up. It seems to be working, especially playing at home.Ashwin says you're getting better as a batsman. You seem to be hitting a lot of sixes in practice sessions...There is a lot of emphasis on lower-order batting. The tail has to bat, it's very important. Look at all the top sides - South Africa, Australia, they all bat deep. That adds massively to their overall strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187129", "title": "28k autos, 14k taxi meters recalibratedc", "text": "MUMBAI: To ensure that most autos and taxis are fitted with recalibrated e-meters, RTO officials have decided to work on holidays and Sundays and forego their Diwali leave. E-meters in close to 28,000 autos and 14,000 taxis have been recalibrated with the minimum reading of Rs 15 and Rs 19 respectively. The recalibrated e-meters are reportedly tamper-proof and display exact fares.A senior RTO official said, \"We are working round-the-clock to ensure that maximum number of e-meters are recalibrated daily. As November 25 is the deadline for recalibrating all e-meters, thousands of autos and taxis will flock to RTO test tracks daily in the next two weeks.\"State transport commissioner VN More told TOI there will be no extension of deadline as demanded by some union leaders. \"We appeal to drivers to rush to the nearest RTO and get their meters recalibrated as per the new tariff rates. If they fail to do so, we will begin cracking the whip,\" he said. Drivers whose vehicles don't have recalibrated meters will receive showcause notices and fines.The Tardeo RTO was unable to recalibrate taxi e-meters on Sunday though all officials were present for duty as parking on the seaface was prohibited due to police bandobast. On Sunday, 601 autos and 102 taxis got their e-meters recalibrated at the Wadala RTO. Nearly 70,000 autos and 30,000 taxis still have to get e-meters recalibrated.Compensation petition to be filed this weekConsumer body Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) will amend its petition in the Bombay high court this week and demand compensation for the confusion over waiting charges for taxis and autos.Varsha Raut of the MGP said, \"We will submit an amended petition, a copy of which will be given to the state and auto and taxi unions. We will demand compensation for harassment to commuters over waiting charges.\"She added that the compensation amount should be deposited in the consumer welfare fund. \"Several commuters have complained about waiting charges. There is no transparency as the charges are not mentioned on the tariff card. The MMRTA has mentioned night and luggage charges. But there is not a single line on waiting charge. Why should commuters pay?\" Raut asked.TOI had highlighted the waiting charge issue in several reports recently. On Tuesday, the high court rapped the state on the confusion over waiting charge. A division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and Rajesh Ketkar said, \"We want clarity on the issue.\" The state may respond in the next hearing.Sources said the MMRTA may mention waiting charges on tariff cards soon and upload the details online on official websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187619", "title": "Women line up a treat in Vasai", "text": "MUMBAI: Hectic preparations are on in Vasai to prepare traditional sweets this Diwali. For the first time, the Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation (VVMC) has set up 11 stalls where women are selling homemade fare.The stalls manned by women's self-help groups are getting an enthusiastic response. \"Traditional sweet-making seemed to be dying in Vasai. The women who made sweets as a business were not getting a platform for their products,\" said Bharati Deshmukh, chairperson of the VVMC's women and child welfare department,The municipal corporation started by organizing sweet-making competitions in October. \"I was happy to see my sweets selling like hot cakes. I made sweets which are not made at home any more,\" said Vrinda Mayekar, a Vasai resident. Women have also designed gift hampers that have been put on display in Vasai stalls, which are open from 4pm to 9pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17187649", "title": "Now, Suu Kyi accused of joining hands with military", "text": "LONDON: Accusing Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi of being an \"ally\" of the military regime, an opposition party in Myanmar has asked the world investors not to engage in any investment with the present dispensation until a \"genuine democratic government\" is elected.\"Aung San Suu Kyi has made a U-turn and now she is an ally, collaborator and mouthpiece of the military regime. She has become a coalition partner of the military Junta. It is not correct to call her as a democracy opposition leader or icon or activist,\" Bo Aung Din, chairman of the Parliamentary Democracy Party (PDP-Burma), said.He said the PDP, which is the direct descendant of the anti-Fascist and the People Freedom League founded in 1945 by General Aung San, the hero of Burma is currently applying a four-pronged strategy. The party has also asked the \"world investors not to engage in any investment with the military regime until military governance ends and a democratic government is elected and runs the country under the Rule of Law.\"Bo Aung Din also said the PDP did not accept the 2008 military constitution or recognize the 2010 \"Fake Election\" because \"the military regime is incapable of drawing a constitution\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190190", "title": "Dabangg 2 music took just 2 hours: Sajid-Wajid", "text": "Composers Sajid-Wajid speak to us about doing the tracks for the sequel, their equation with Salman Khan and their brand of musicOne of the factors contributing to Dabangg's success is its music. With Dabangg 2 just round the corner, expectations are really high. Comments. S: People loved Dabangg, be it the film or the music. Every song was a chartbuster. However, Munni Badnaam was Lalit-ji's composition which Arbaaz Khan had already heard and approved. So we were asked to compose the other tracks. As far as the music of the sequel goes, we know the essence of Chulbul Pandey's character as well as the film. So when Arbaaz came over, we finalised all five tracks in just two hours. W: Arbaaz was thrilled to have us compose the music in so little time. He even joked saying, \"I had told my wife I would return home late. But now she will wonder whether we did any work at all?\" We will know if we've delivered as per people's expectations only when the music is released. Sajid and I are both excited and nervous about this album...What is Salman Khan's reaction to the tracks? S: His reaction has been simply awesome. When he heard the songs, he said if we compose such good music, what will other music composers do? That compliment from him was something, especially since he always gives an honest reply and gives inputs to make the song better. W: Salman is always enthusiastic about music. And like Sajid said, certain songs were composed keeping his character in mind. He loved the lyrics and the feel of those songs. For instance, we have retained the catch phrase Hud Hud Dabangg although the music in the sequel is doubly powerful, just like Chulbul's return.How much of your success do you owe to Salman? S: We started working with him, and owe him everything. Whatever we are today is mainly because of him. In the film industry, talent alone doesn't help. You need the right people backing you. We were lucky to get Salman's support. For us, he is a godsend. W: Salman Bhai stood by us like a rock at a time when nobody was willing to back us.Unlike a majority of music directors today, your music retains its classical undertones. Is it part of your USP? S: Of course it is. If you look at new music composers, they have surely added variety to the existing body of work. Though there was a phase in between when melody had completely disappeared from Hindi films. But now you see originality as every filmmaker's top priority. W: As far as our jodi is concerned, we always believe that new talent should be encouraged and mentored.But in this industry or anywhere when two brothers work together, eventually it leads to problems, be it creative differences or any other. S: Believe it or not, till date, we both don't have individual bank accounts. We use a joint account and money has never and will never come between us in future. W: We are always on the same page even as far as creative aspects of music are concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188324", "title": "More women cops on Patna roads soon", "text": "PATNA: With a view to showing the 'human face' of the Patna police, several woman traffic constables had been deployed at important roundabouts in the city to keep watch on vehicles' movement.These constables can be seen stationed at important roundabouts for smooth movement of vehicles. SSP Amrit Raj on Sunday said that altogether 35 women constables had been deployed at important crossings at the moment to help their male counterparts catching the defaulters. Deploying women constables is aimed at displaying the \"no gender discrimination\" attitude of Patna police. This will help their male colleagues to book women defaulters also as several women and girls are now driving four-wheelers and two-wheelers in the city, he said. \"The effort will also give boost to the women empowerment in Patna police,\" the SSP said, adding that more women constables would be deployed in other parts of the state capital very soon.The SSP said, \"These women constables are working very effectively and performing their duties sincerely. That's why Patna police are planning to increase the number of women constables in the city.\"Some of the women constables, who did not wish to be quoted, said they are happy with the deployment of women constables. \"But at the same time our job is very challenging as we have to deal both men and women drivers. Sometimes we find ourselves in a very awkward situation when male drivers stare at us while driving,\" said one constable.\"But gradually we are trying to accustom to the situation. I had once slapped a four-wheeler driver when he started arguing with me in a very objectionable gesture after violating traffic norms,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17188683", "title": "Neglect ruins Muzhappilangad beach", "text": "KANNUR: It is one of the most beautiful beaches in the country and probably the longest drive-in beach of Asia. But the 4-kilometer stretch of Muzhappilangad beach between Kannur and Thalassery, portrays a gloomy picture due to the lack of basic facilities.\"Though it is one of the most pristine beaches in the country, many tourists, especially families, are hesitant to visit the place because there is a perception that the place is not safe. It also lacks basic facilities for the visitors,\" said Sathyan Edakkad, a civil police officer who works as the tourism police in Kannur.The place does not have any restrooms and there are very few shops or hotels nearby. The work of the facilitation center was completed sometimes back but it is not open because the electrification work is still pending.\"We have asked the harbour engineering department to get the electrification done, as it is their responsibility. But nothing has been done so far. We are now looking at other options,\" said department of tourism deputy director (Kannur) K Bhaskaran.Though the place has great prospects to attract tourists, the tourist inflow is limited to nearly 8,000 a month even during the season, and most of them are from the neighbouring districts who visit the place during weekends. Despite this no serious efforts have been made to properly market the place. \"We should have more hotels in the place to attract tourists from other places. KTDC is going to open a property here very soon,\" said Bhaskaran.Though many hotel groups including the Leela Group have shown interest in developing their property here, unavailability of space is a deterrent. Moreover, since it is a drive-in beach some people madly drive the cars here causing inconvenience to others and also a few accidents have also been reported in the recent times, raising doubts about the safety of the place among visitors.Added to this is the laxity on the part of the officials to ensure the cleanliness of the place. The wastes from the place is not disposed off regularly. On many occasions even the limited seating arrangements in the beach are covered with waste. The place has also got notoriety as a haven for anti-social elements.\"In an effort to change the image of the place as an insecure one, we are soon going to call an all-party meeting to get the support of the local residents to prevent the anti-socials and make the place more hospitable,\" said Bhaskaran. \"DTPC is also planning to charge a fee from the vehicles entering the beach to limit their entry,\" said Bhaskaran.\"The 16-odd Kudumbasree workers, who do the cleaning jobs on the beach have been given strict instruction to keep the place free of garbage and trash, failing which the work would be assigned to someone else,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186190", "title": "Dhanteras fever sweeps Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Festive fever has returned to grip the city with Sunday seeing people throng jewellery stores across the city on the occasion of Dhanteras. Stores reported a 25% increase in sales with footfall rising to twice what it was last year as the festival is considered auspicious for gold purchases.Many jewellery stores started their day around an hour earlier than usual with customers pouring in throughout the day. \"We opened our store at 9am instead of at the usual 10am timing.The closing time too has been pushed back to 11pm from 8.30pm and it may be extended further,\" said Nandalal Kedia, store manager at MBS Jewellers at Karkhana. He added that despite a nearly 20% rise in prices from last year, sales had increased by nearly 25% this Dhanteras with footfall going from 150 last year to around 200 this time around.The price of gold this time last year was around Rs 2,700 per gram while on Sunday it was going at Rs 3,200/gm. Store officials said that gold coins ranging from 1gm to 10gm or more with an image of goddess Lakshmi or other deities were the most popular. Items like rings, ear studs, chains, necklaces and bangles, too, saw a high demand.Explaining the reason behind rising sales despite an increase in prices, officials said that people preferred to buy gold as it was a safe investment.Manisha Jain, a customer at a city store, said, \"Gold is a good investment option as it has good liquidity. Also, there is a sentimental value attached to purchasing gold on Dhanteras, which is why the price does not matter.\"With elaborate decorations, lighting and intricate rangoli designs conveying messages of 'Happy Dhanteras', jewellery stores have gone all out to cash in on the gold rush. Many are even offering special gifts and discounts to draw customers.\"The expenditure on all the marketing and promotion is miniscule when compared to the returns. The trend of pre-booking items for Dhanteras, too, has caught on with nearly 80 such bookings this year,\" said Avanish Agarwal of Sri Jagadamba Pearls and Jewellery. He added that the footfall had gone up by a whopping 200% from the previous year.Other major stores in areas like Somajiguda and Basheerbagh, too, were packed with the crowds doubling in the evening. Store officials said that while last year people had started coming in from just a day or two before the festival, this time sales started picking up from three days before Dhanteras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17186831", "title": "China plans next manned mission to space in 2013", "text": "BEIJING: China, only the third country to independently send a person into space in 2003, after the US and Russia , plans to launch its next manned space mission in June next year, state media reported on Sunday.Like in the Shenzhou-9 mission, the crew might include two men astronauts and a woman, who are scheduled to enter the Tiangong-1 space lab module, Niu Hongguang, deputy commander-in-chief of China's manned space programme, said on the sidelines of the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.\"They will stay in space for 15 days, operating both automated and manual space dockings with the target orbiter Tiangong-1, conducting scientific experiments in the lab module and giving science lectures to spectators on the Earth,\" he said.In the coming mission, Shenzhou-10 will offer ferrying services of personnel and supplies for Tiangong-1, further testing the astronauts' abilities of working and living in space, as well as the functions of the lab module, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187147", "title": "'Noiseless crackers hazardous too'", "text": "BHOPAL: The dazzle and sparkle of firecrackers that appeal the young and adults alike are hazardous too. Contrary to the popular belief that firecrackers with loud noise are harmful, the fact is - noiseless firecrackers are equally harful if experts are to be believed.The colour a rocket or a sparkler produces is due to metals that are poisonous. They can cause a host of problems for people with low immunity and those having chronic ailments including respiratory and hearing diseases.Doctors said that the dazzle produced by the sparkles are due to heavy metal that remain suspended in the air for long and affect respiratory and ophthalmological problems. When crackers are burst, people inhale air with partially combusted low volatile organic compounds which remain suspended in the air for several days.Dr Alok Verma, physician said, \"Metals such as copper and cadmium are added in firecrackers to produce colours when they are lit. These metals settle on tree leaves and other surfaces in dust form. For a long time thereafter, they remain in the environment, are inhaled continuously and affect the respiratory tract of people - especially those who are already suffering from problems.\"The components of firecrackers contain elements such as barium, potassium nitrate, aluminium and sulphur dioxide that have the ability to cause a string of health hazards ranging from headache to breathing difficulties.Worse are the firecrackers that produce high velocity noise. High decibel sound can cause hearing damage, said city doctors. Otolaryngologist, Dr Pradeep Chourey told TOI, the permissible intensity limit of the fire crackers calculated in decibles by the government agencies and the crackers sold in the market during the festival has a great discrepancy. Nearly all crackers exceed the limit fixed by the government.He said the permissible limit in residential area is 55 decibels which goes up to 105 dB for a few crackers. Some of the Chinese crackers that have flooded the market have a minimum of 125 dB and maximum of 170dB noise level. On an average there are about 100-200 accidents that happen on every Diwali.Noted dermatologist Dr Anurag Tiwari said that the high levels of chemicals suspended in the air also affects the skin, especially the kids. He said that the children exposed to these pollutants develop rashes and have allergies. He advised the children to burst crackers only under adult supervision and to observe safety precautions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "q", "code": "17185767", "title": "Make youths responsible to build a crime-free city: Anand Prakash Tiwari", "text": "Q: What new plans do you have for the city?A. The thrust should be on faster response to complaints and execution within a definite time-frame.Q. What is the city's biggest problem?A. For any growing city, traffic is a problem. We are looking at better traffic management and here we are being assisted by the district administration, the Guwahati Municipal Corporation and the Guwahati Metro Development Corporation to put together a plan to minimize traffic problem. We are also running awareness programmes in educational institutions.Q. What about manpower shortage in the traffic police department?A. Yes , there is a shortage and we have already asked the headquarters to fill up the vacancies. We are expecting 250 more constables.Q. Crimes like vehicle lifting are on the rise. How are you tackling them?A. It is difficult to control this crime. It involves huge money and many people are in the ring. However, in the past few days we nabbed about 30 criminals involved in these rackets.Q. How come they get bail so easily?A. Everyone has an equal right and the judiciary awards the same justice to everyone. Getting a bail is someone's basic right. But in many cases, our investigating officers fail to write FIRs in a proper way. We have taken note of this and training officers.Q. Can the police handle new-age crimes, especially cyber crimes?A. Our department is constantly upgrading itself. The crime branch has the latest gadgets, software and other tech support. Moreover, we have a pool of skilled officers who are now working with many international cyber agencies and companies. We can tackle cyber crime much better now.Q. How can the police reduce criminal activities?A. Reform homes play a vital role. NGOs should counsel prisoners on choosing the right path in life. Besides, they can help provide aid so that after release, prisoners can run small business.Q. What kind of policing is needed to deal with insurgents and terrorists?A. Insurgents are now involved in criminal activities. Ulfa leader Hira Sarania was accused of extortion and murder. We have to act accordingly.Q. How do you view the establishment of a police commissionerate in Guwahati?A. A police commissionerate is the need of the hour. The department is facing a shortage of manpower and resources and also needs streamlining.Q. Have you faced political pressure?A. No, on the contrary, I got a lot of support from the authority.Q. How much support do you get from the people?A. We need the help of youngsters to build a crime-free city. If we can make our youths responsible citizens, crime will automatically be minimized. That's why we introduced community policing in September involving students from Gauhati University, B Barooah College and several other educational institutes. We involved these students in Puja traffic management, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187167", "title": "Nine arrested for West Delhi realty fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine persons, including a woman, have been arrested in West district for allegedly posing as evictees of a demolished slum cluster and usurping plots meant for them using forged documents.Those arrested have been identified as Sunil Kumar, Dharmender, Rajesh, Joginder, Praveen, Mohinder, Suresh, Ram Kumar and Asha Sharma. They got prime land allotted to them at JJ Re-settlement Colony in west Delhi's Bakkarwala using fake ration cards and other papers to pose as evictees from a demolished Raghubir Nagar slum cluster, ACP (west) V Renganathan said.The arrests were made Saturday following a probe into a complaint filed by residents of the resettlement colony in June 2002 and a subsequent inquiry by the vigilance department of MCD into the matter. The department concluded that \"some unscrupulous elements\" have got hold of plot numbers D-1 through D-36 \"by way of impersonation of some individuals and with the connivance of local property dealers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188304", "title": "Now, Doordarshan to screen one parallel film every week", "text": "In support of art films, public service broadcaster \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Doordarshan has decided to screen one parallel cinema every week.\"As the state broadcaster, we have the responsibility of supporting the best of Indian cinema and so we have taken this decision,\" Jawahar Sircar, CEO, Prasar Bharati, said on Sunday.He said that a time slot would soon be allocated for parallel cinema on Doordarshan. Channel officials would select such films from all over the country made in various vernacular languages.\"The films would be shown either with sub-titles in English or Hindi. We might also get these films dubbed in Hindi. We are working out those details,\" Sircar said.He was speaking at the inauguration of the International Forum of New Cinema, being organised under the framework of the Kolkata International Film Festival.When asked about how Doordarshan's TRP figures would be affected as a result, the Prasar Bharati CEO said, \"We are not doing such things for TRPs. This is our national duty.\" \"If we can break-even then nothing like that\".Sircar also said that Doordarshan will also make a documentary on legendary filmmaker Mrinal Sen, who was honoured with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award, India's highest award in cinema, in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ambala/yamunanagar", "code": "17188567", "title": "Surge in Dhanteras sales impress traders", "text": "AMBALA/YAMUNANAGAR: A surge in Dhanteras sales came as a pleasant surprise to traders here on Sunday. Although the volume of trade remained less than that of last year, the number of buyers who actually turned up in the market surprised the traders.Ambala has a special place in gold market, while Yamunanagar is the hub of stainless steel utensil manufacturers. Buyers thronged the Shrafa bazaar of Ambala City. \"We are happy with the sales. Since the prices of the gold was touching the sky, we did not expect this much enthusiasm among the people this year,\" said Rajesh Luthara, press coordinator, Sharafa Association of Ambala.At Sharafa Bazar -- the oldest gold market of the region -- goldsmiths welcomed customers, who were way higher than they expected. In all, there are 126 big shops in Ambala city and cantonment areas. People mostly purchased gold coins and silver vessels. This year, a special silver currency note of Rs 500 also attracted the customers.Yamunanagar has around 400 small and large steel industrial units and 150 wholesale and around 300 retail shops of steel-made utensils. \"On an average, sale was good on Dhanteras. Last year it was far much higher as compared to this year. But considering the recession, sale is satisfactory,\" claimed Bharat Garg, secretary, Steel industry Association, Yamunanagar.\"Here the question is that of observing the rituals and sales may not be as high as we had last year. Largely, it could be due to availability of other stuff like unbreakable crockery and clay-made vessels. Also, things like spoons, steel glasses and buckets are in hight demand,'' said Gurpreet Singh, a shopkeeper in Yamunanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190154", "title": "Lakshmi Rai pairs with Action King Arjun!", "text": "The glamorous Lakshmi Rai is paired opposite to action king Arjun in a yet to be titled film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna that was launched very recently at AVM Studios.Actress Lakshmi Rai while speaking about this film said, \"You can see me in homely and glamour role in this film. Moreover there is significance for my role in this film. My acting will be very much liked by the audience.\"Producer R B Chowdary commenced the shooting by clapping the board. Actor Arjun while speaking about this film said, \"This will be an action oriented commercial films. For the first time Lakshmi Rai is pairing with me. This film will be a good one and also a good treat to the audience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17186168", "title": "Leicester extend Brandon trial by another week", "text": "PANAJI: Brandon Fernandes is feeling at home in Leicester. Not just because of the Indian population of around three lakh in the city but also the style of play that English Championship side Leicester City adopts.The India junior midfielder who is currently trialling with Leicester City is delighted with his own progress and the club's decision to extend his trial period by another week has provided another glimmer of hope that the Goa youngster can possibly break into the big league.\"It's been a good journey for me, so far,\" Brandon told TOI in a telephonic conversation from Leicester on Sunday.\"Reading (FC) and Leicester adopt two different styles but I feel more comfortable with the style here. They pass a lot and it suits me. At Reading, it was more of a direct football, something that I was not used to,\" said Brandon.Even off the field, Brandon has been completely at ease. Whether it's having a hair cut, Indian style, with a Gujarati barber around, catching up on his favourite Bollywood movies at a multiplex near his training ground, or savouring Indian food, Brandon doesn't have too many reasons to miss home.\"I've made lots of friends here and the city has been kind to me as well. Such an environment helps with my football and it shows on the field,\" said Brandon.On the field, Brandon has been training with Leicester City's developmental side, and is growing in confidence with each passing day. The Reading FC lessons have been learnt well and the 18-year-old cannot wait to graduate from a talented player to India's first in the big league.\"I just want to get on the rolls of an English side, whether it's in the Premier League or the Championship does not really matter. I know I have the potential to succeed (in England) and I just need a chance,\" he said.Brandon's popularity is on the rise in England with requests for media interviews now an everyday thing. For someone as young as 18, it could be all distracting, but Brandon speaks with the amazing confidence of a professional.\"I am just keeping my cool. All that goes on outside the field is secondary. My primary concern is football and I am focusing on that,\" said Brandon.In the meanwhile, the wait continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17188198", "title": "Burglary gang busted, three held", "text": "KOLLAM: The Kollam East police have arrested three members of a burglary gang. The arrested have been identified as Gireesh Kumar alias Kartikeyan (33) of Balramapuram, Sivaprasad (39) of Kilimanoor and Jayan alias Thavakkala Jayan (40) of Karamana.According to police, the trio was taken into custody on Friday night while trying to break into a shop at Iron Bridge junction. The police also seized weapons, including swords and iron rods, from them.East CI Sugathan said that the gang had admitted to the police that they were involved in the burglaries and thefts in city temples and shops for the past one year. All three are noted history-sheeters and several cases have been pending against them in various stations in Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam districts. Police have intensified the search for the rest of the gang members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191302", "title": "Dharan on a high", "text": "His latest album Poda Podi is topping the charts and Dharan is more confident than ever. The composer, we hear, is all set to sign few more projects.The musician recently revealed that he had received an opportunity to work for a film which starred Thala Ajith, a long time ago, but he could not take it up the project as he had lost his mother then. The project was learnt to be AL Vijay's Kireedam , which was bagged by GV Prakash, later.The composer expressed his interest to work with Ajith, if given a chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17187930", "title": "Union govt is planning for self-sufficiency in oil: Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: The Union ministry for petroleum and natural gas is drawing up a road map to ensure the country's self-reliance in fossil fuel and natural gas. While India for now imports up to 80% of its crude oil needs, the road map seeks to reduce this by further 30-40% over the next three to five years, its minister M Veerappa Moily, said. \"The road map will come with liberal policies that will favour big expansion of investment in the oil sector,\" Moily added.Interacting with reporters here, Moily said India cannot continue to forever import a majority of its oil needs. \"There is enough scope for tapping our own resources and this can be ushered in through reforms which ministry is working on,\" Moily said, adding India has wherewithal to produce crude and gas internally. \"We need to attract big time foreign and local investment and also state-of-the-art technology in our aim at achieving self-reliance,\" he added.Citing the example of how the US is working towards achieving self-sufficiency in their energy needs under President Barack Obama , Moily said, \"At one time USA was dependent on the Middle East for its oil requirements. Under Obama, that country is marching towards achieving self-sufficiency over the next 10-15 years. Policies that will facilitate exploration of crude and gas fields without harming environment will be followed.\"Not getting drawn in to debate over crony capitalism that is said to be rampant in oil sector in the country, Moily said the ministry will go by the rule book. \"There will be no bending of laws for an individual or any specific company,\" Moily said adding existing contractual obligations will however be met.\"There will be no deviation from norms, Moily said adding that interest of the nation will be uppermost in mind in all future decision making,\" he added.The ministry is yet to take a view on increasing the number of subsidized LPG cylinders that can be given to domestic consumers, he said.Acknowledging that his ministry has received several representations, Moily said a decision on this will be taken based on reality .\"The ministry is yet to take a view on deregulating the price of diesel on the lines of petrol although the oil sector is in favour of it,\" he said.'Voters in state will favour Congress in assembly poll'The Congress is certain to come back to power in Karnataka on its own steam after the next elections to the state assembly, Union minister for petroleum and natural gas M Veerappa Moily said.People of the state have experienced the problems of having an unstable government at the helm of affairs for the past four-and-half-years and will certainly give a decisive vote in favour of one party, he said, adding that Congress will be that party.Moily told reporters here that regional parties, existing or those that will be set up, including the Karnataka Janata Party that former CM BS Yeddyurappa is all set to launch on December 9 will not make any impact on the Congress.\"Regional parties will be there, but Congress will have its own space (in state politics),\" Moily said, adding people have by now realized that only the Congress can provide a stable and able government in Karnataka.On the reported meeting of BJP leader Arun Jaitley with BS Yeddyurappa at a secret location in the state capital on Saturday in a last ditch effort to keep the Lingayat strongman in the Saffron outfit, Moily said the entire effort is a waste.\"The BJP is broken house and collection of broken minds,\" Moily said adding that the visit of Jaitley will not bring about any change in its fortunes.\"BJP is politically a grounded outfit and will not rise,\" he said.Change in guard after Yeddyurappa stepped down as CM and that saw DV Sadananda Gowda and Jagadish Shettar step in has not brought about any change in the administration.\"There are ministers and chairmen of board and corporations who are facing charges of corruption,\" he said. The government's reluctance to deal with Lokayukta's report on mining is an indicator of its mindset in tackling corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187134", "title": "1,392 ticketless passengers caught", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major drive against ticketless travelling, 1,392 passengers travelling without tickets were caught. The drive was launched in view of rush of train passengers.On Saturday, ticket checking staff of the Bhopal Railway division carried out a ticket checking exercise at various stations under the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17185690", "title": "Praful Patel bats for Manipur's territorial integrity", "text": "IMPHAL: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel has assured to lobby for other ministers to protect Manipur's territorial integrity.The assurance was given to the party's Manipur unit president, L Ibomcha Singh, during a meeting in the national capital on Saturday. \"During the half-an-hour long meeting, they deliberated upon the NSCN(IM)-Centre peace talks and the growing demand of the people of Manipur to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) system in the state,\" Ibomcha said on Saturday.The Union minister assured the party president that he would take up the matter with other ministers in the UPA in the interest of the people of the state. Ibomcha, who is the lone NCP legislator in the state, said he also handed over a representation on behalf of the party and the people of the state to the Union minister. He added that he would revamp the party's organizational set up in the state to serve the people.Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh has already met the Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shindhe twice to get information regarding the points of agreement reached between the Centre and Naga rebel group in the reported final stage of the 15 years political talks. In the face of the talks, various civil bodies of the state have already warned of launching massive protest if the government takes any decision to compromise Manipur's territorial integrity.During the people's movement in June 2011, popularly known as the 'June uprising' against the extension of NSCN (IM) ceasefire beyond Nagaland , 18 protestors were killed in police firing. The CM's bungalow, Manipur assembly building, official residences of several ministers and various political parties' offices including Congress, BJP and CPI were also burnt down by the angry protestors in the uprising that also witnessed uninterrupted curfew for over a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187131", "title": "Kalyan Singh may campaign for Narendra Modi in Gujarat elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: Jan Kranti Party leader Kalyan Singh, who is set to return to the Bharatiya Janata Party, may campaign for chief minister Narendra Modi in Gujarat elections.A close aide of Kalyan Singh told TOI that though there was no formal proposal yet, Singh may decide to campaign for Modi. The possibility gains weight as several leaders from Uttar Pradesh have been asked to render their services for Gujarat elections.A senior party leader said that when the former UP chief minister is set to become an active part of the BJP family, the party sees no harm in utilising latter's skill as an orator and astute politician.Kalyan was BJP's Hindutava face in the state till he parted ways to form the Rashtriya Kranti Party. Kalyan again joined the BJP but left it before 2009 Lok Sabha elections. Kalyan had recently stated that time has taught lessons both to him and BJP.Meanwhile, Kalyan's return to the BJP has been delayed by at least a week, sources said. Though former BJP chief Rajnath Singh had claimed before mediapersons in Agra that Kalyan will celebrate Diwali in the saffron camp, it is unlikely to happen. Reason being that the meeting between Kalyan Singh and BJP president Nitin Gadkari and other senior party leaders to decide the date of reunion has still not been held.Talking to TOI, a senior BJP leader said that due to busy schedule of the BJP leaders and Kalyan Singh owing to Diwali, the meeting is likely to be held at New Delhi only after November 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188293", "title": "Kolkata on edge of disaster", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata may be living on borrowed time, waiting for a disaster to happen. The city has been listed among the top 20 metros in the world that face a serious threat from climate change.The list - compiled by business and financial market news website Bloomberg - includes Miami, Ghuangzhou, Shanghai, Tianjin, Tokyo , Hong Kong, Bangkok, Ningbo, Amsterdam and New York , which was recently ravaged by storm Sandy. Mumbai is the only other Indian city on the endangered cities list.\"Kolkata, which has the third-biggest gross domestic product among Indian cities, is situated near Sunderbans, the world's largest delta, and is susceptible to flooding every year during the June-September rainy season. The 140-year-old drainage system in the former capital of British India is among the oldest in the country and covers less than 50% of the city,\" says the website.Though it doesn't elaborate on the nature of the threat, it indicates that it could be from inundation caused by a rise in sea-level. With the Bay of Bengal a mere 180km away, the city is vulnerable to widespread destruction from storms hitting the coast, it mentions. Chillingly, it points out that Kolkata's civic infrastructure is not geared enough to counter a devastating natural calamity.Experts back home differ on the immediacy of the threat. While some say the Bloomberg report should be taken as a wake-up call, others point out that climate change has not been substantial enough to precipitate a disaster in the next 100 years. But they all agree that Kolkata is indeed susceptible to calamities and that it lacks the preparedness to withstand a disaster. Environmentalist A K Ghosh, former chief of the Zoological Survey of India, feels it is indeed time to act. Recent studies by IIT-Delhi, with World Bank funds, and WWF India in collaboration with NGO Endev - Society for Environment and Development predict a grim future for Kolkata, he said.\"The WWF-India study even lists the municipal wards in Kolkata that could be at risk if the Ganga swells up. The sea-level has been rising and the threat is plausible. We must remember that Kolkata is just 180 km from the Bay of Bengal. In case of a major storm, you can't rule out flooding. The fact that the city's drainage system is weak makes it even more vulnerable,\" Ghosh pointed out. Aila, he added, had hit Kolkata at a moderate 80 kmph but led to widespread blackouts for four days, uprooted 5,000-plus trees and killed 21 people.Vital installations like power and water supply stations could be the worst affected, being close to the Ganga. People close to the river banks will be in serious danger, said Ghosh. \"We have had five major storms in this region since 2007, including Nargis, CIDR and, of course, Aila. Aila had a major impact on Kolkata. There is nothing to suggest that it will not happen again,\" said Ghosh.However, environmentalist Pranabesh Sanyal, former director of Sunderban Tiger Reserve, feels climate change isn't yet drastic enough to signal a disaster in the near future. \"The city's existence is certainly not at threat, at least in the next 50-100 years. Cyclone Aila did affect Kolkata but it didn't wreak havoc, either.The water level has been rising at a mere 5mm per year in the Sunderbans. It's not alarming, though it's higher than the global average of 2mm,\" said Sanyal.But a rise in salinity could indeed pose a threat to Kolkata, he said. \"It will eventually affect the Ganga. That will have a negative impact and we need a plan to counter it,\" he warned.The trend of intense cyclones is a bad sign, pointed out Ghosh. \"Till Aila, Kolkata hadn't seen such a devastating storm. Storms and cyclones originating in the north of Bay of Bengal are getting more intense. If Sandy can cripple New York, imagine what a similar cyclone could do to Kolkata,\" he said.Kolkata's civic infrastructure is grossly inadequate to tackle a climate-change-triggered disaster, admit officials. Less than 5% of the city's 180km trunk sewer lines have been desilted. The rest is clogged, making it impossible for water to drain out quickly in case of a sudden flood. Even 8mm of rain in an hour is enough to flood the city. The first major project to overhaul the sewage system was taken up only five years ago. The Rs 500-crore project can't fund even 5% of the desilting cost, say sources.\"A sudden influx of water can be dangerous for the city since most sewer lines are clogged.North Kolkata is in a worse shape. It has the oldest pipelines and these are close to the Ganga and hence more susceptible to inundation,\" said Amit Roy, special officer, drainage and infrastructure, KMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17187890", "title": "Belgaum city corporation chief presented with Uzwaad", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum city corporation commissioner Priyanka Mary Francis was one among the recipients of the Uzwaad awards which were presented at the 'Konkani Lokotsav' held at the St Xaviers School auditorium here on Sunday.The other award winners were Vishwanath Pai, John Moti Rodrigues, Raju Ismail Baig, J B Bardeskar, Bastu Rege, Peter D Souza, Rajani, Snehal and John Naronha ( All Uzwaad Konkani Gourav Puraskars, K Venuji ( Uzwaad Konkani Prashasti), Anthony D Souza, Abhay Ashok Pai, Bernandet Godad, Rosario D Souza, Janita Fernandes, Manuel Rodrigues and Maryan Gonsalves ( All Uzwaad Vishesha Puraskars).Uzwaad awards included Konkani Gourav Puraskars, Konkani Prashasti and Vishesha Puraskars for Konkani-speaking people. Traditional Goan folk songs and dances were performed on the occasion. MP Suresh Angadi and MLA Feroz Sait gave away the awards. The event was organised by Uzwaad in association with the Central Sahitya Academi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187692", "title": "Pollution audit work begins a day before Diwali", "text": "GURGAON: The festival of lights brings with it heightened concerns over air and noise pollution levels. Around this time, Gurgaon's pollution department begins its three-day monitoring work that is carried out throughout the city, and is conducted only once a year. Special monitoring units for the programme - that begins on Monday and ends a day after Diwali on Wednesday - have been installed at five prominent points in both new and old Gurgaon. And the results, which will be announced later this week, will tell how environment-friendly was this Diwali.\"We have set up monitoring stations throughout the city. We will be preparing a noise and air pollution report this Diwali after the three-day work ends,\" said Balraj Ahlawat, district pollution officer, Gurgaon, Haryana State Pollution Control Board. The MG Road mall mile, and old Gurgaon's Sadar Bazaar are among the chosen spots for the monitoring systems.Levels of suspended particulate matter, and pollutants like sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxide are all gauged separately by the monitoring systems. \"We will also measure the decibel levels, which usually rise on Diwali. We are hoping that most people will stay off fire crackers this year, which add to both kinds of pollution,\" he added.The fact that this official data-collection programme is annual makes it all the more significant. Citizen groups and environmentalists campaigning against pollution here are often hard-pressed to come up with numbers and figures depicting the evident slump in air quality. And the pollution board, over all these years, has done little to streamline either the monitoring or record-keeping process. \"Pollution in Gurgaon have gone up like anything. And the evening haze, the thick smog, are all crucial indicators of how bad things have become. The pollution department there has to start getting their act together,\" said an environmentalist based in Delhi. Delhi has already seen an unprecedented rise in air pollution levels this year, as indicated by the thick smog that envelopes the city every evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17187993", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSpending crores on sadhus\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 bath improper\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NASHIK: Appealing its members and followers to oppose religious rites, regional president of Sambhaji Brigade, Maharashtra, Pravindada Gaikwad came down heavily on the government for spending Rs 4,000 crore solely for the bathing of the Sadhus during the Simhastha Kumbhamela.Gaikwad was making a presidential address at the two-day sixth national convention of Sambhaji Brigade of Maratha Seva Sangh at Dadasaheb Sabagriha in the city.Gaikwad said that people who were talking about the reservation for the Maratha community were in fact against the reservation and wanted to be included in the OBC category if they were assured reservation in jobs.The convention began with a procession across the city. The convention was inaugurated by Yuvraj Sambhaji Raje, descendent of Chhatrapati Shivaji. Also present were Brig Sudhir Sawant, MLA Manik Kokate and former MP Devidas Pingle among others.Yuvraj Sambhaje Raje said that Chhatrapati Shivaji and Sambhaji brought different religions and communities together to govern their kingdom, while Shahu Majaraj fought for equality in real terms. He said he would be happy if he is known to carry forward their legacy of working for equality than his blood relation to them.MLA Manik Kokate criticized guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal saying that the latter was cornering the Maratha community.Apart from the addresses by senior office bearers of Sambhaji Brigade, an interactive session and seminars on Maratha Reservation and Religious, Historical Terrorism also took place on the first day of the convention.On the second day, the resolutions passed included raising a movement to include Maratha community in the OBC category that will ensure all the benefits for the OBCs are provided to Marathas as well, setting up a memorial of Chhatrapati Shivaji in the Arabian Sea as Shivaji set up the first naval force, pressing to declare all the forts of Shivaji as international tourist places, taking a decision of putting statue of Waghya dog on Raigarh, making education free between Class I and XII and making one single compilation on the life Shivaji by studying all the works on his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186066", "title": "3 more farmers commit suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: The number of farmer suicides this year rose to 624 with three more distressed peasants ending their lives Sunday, an activist said here. TOI could not independently verify the figure.\"Despite Dhanteras and Diwali festival, the gloom and despair persists among the debt-trapped farmers of the Vidarbha. Three more such farmers have chosen to end their lives,\" Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti chief Kishore Tiwari said.The victims are Mangesh More of Virud village in Chandrapur, Champat Shendre of Junapani village in adjoining Wardha district and Vasant Rathode of Kinhala village in Yavatmal district, Tiwari said.Besides crop failures, Tiwari said that the cultivation costs had almost doubled due to the hike in prices of fuel, seeds, fertilizers, pesticides and labour. tnn\"Due to these factors, farmers have been compelled to offload their produce at virtually throwaway prices leading to heavy losses,\" he said.\"The government must provide an immediate bail-out, restore credit facilities, make provisions for the next cultivation season and until then arrange for food and health security to the farming community,\" Tiwari demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kanchrapara (north 24-parganas)", "code": "17188296", "title": "Army shares burden of war widows", "text": "KANCHRAPARA (NORTH 24-PARGANAS): What's common between Quatan Bibi, Pratima Mondal, Nepa Rani, Mili Rani Ghosh and Sharmila Sarkar? All of them have lost a loved one to the service of the nation.Mili's husband Abhijit Ghosh was killed while foiling an attack on the Amarnath Yatra in J&K; in 2008. Sharmila's husband Lance Naik Asit Sarkar gave up his life while combating militants in the Valley in 2004. So did Quatan's son Md Hasan, who won the Shaurya Chakra posthumously in 2002. Pratima's husband M M Mondal also sacrificed his life in J&K; in 2002 while Nepa Rani's husband fell to LTTE bullets in Sri Lanka .The years that have passed don't seem to have dried their tears completely. On Sunday, they got an opportunity to share some of their grief with Lt Gen A K Choudhary, General Officer Commanding, Bengal Area. More importantly, they got to tell the GOC of how life has treated them after their loss. The Army has done its best to ensure a secure life for these 'Veer Naris' but they did have certain issues that needed to be resolved and the general promised to look into these.\"This is the 'Year of the Veterans'. We want to reach out, not only to ex-servicemen, their widows and Veer Naris, even in remote parts of the country. The military is the only establishment where a special relationship remains even after people have retired. Several new initiatives have been taken for the benefit of the veterans. We also have our responsibility towards the Veer Naris. We are trying to improve services to all of them,\" Choudhary said.West Bengal has a large number of veterans and several hundred of them had turned up at the Ex-Servicemen's Rally at the Kanchrapara military station on Sunday. Another such rally for Indian Navy veterans was attended by Commodore Ravi Ahluwalia, Naval Officer in Charge, West Bengal, in Kolkata during the day. The state has created a national record this year by resettling 1,219 veterans in other jobs between January and September. Most of them were recruited by the Kolkata Police, Kolkata Port Trust and the state health department, the general said. According to him, there has also been a distinct rise in the number of youths opting for jobs in the Army from the state. The recruitment targets set for the state have been met, he said.Gen Choudhary, however, admitted that much more needs to be done by the society to give jawans the respect that they deserve. It has been noticed that most cases of fratricide and suicides take place after a jawan returns from leave. Inquiry has revealed that problems at home drive him to this state.\"It is not that the jawan doesn't receive respect but this is a large country and family expectations get difficult to meet at times. Society has to realise that the Indian soldier has been fighting constantly for the last 40 years. In case we get to know of trouble at a jawan's home, we write to the district administration requesting assistance. Sometimes, we also send people to the officials concerned,\" the GOC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186612", "title": "Coins don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t shine, jewellery glitters", "text": "JAIPUR: Soaring gold prices failed to deter jewellery lovers' spirit as the city shops were teeming with customers on the eve of Dhanteras on Sunday. However, there was a major shift in the buyers' preference. Most shoppers went in for gold ornaments instead of coins.This swing has largely been attributed to the extra premium charges added on the purchase of gold coins and also that coins can't be used/worn.\"Anecdotal evidence at Diwali 2012 suggests that the Indian consumer is returning to ornaments after a three/four-year spell. Earlier, gold coins were the in thing, but this year it's not in vogue,\" said Ashish Meghraj of Meghraj jewellers.Gold coins are largely seen as a mode of investment in an uncertain economy and had maintained a 30:70 ratio with jewellery at Diwali 2011. However, buyers have to pay a premium for these, especially when they purchase from banks. They also feel saddled with the coins more so as the banks do not offer buyback facility.The confusion over difference in purity of gold coins purchased from banks and from jewellery stores has also pushed the consumers towards ornaments. Banks and Post offices selling coins claim to have 99.99% purity while jewellers assert that there is no way such a level of purity can be measured in India.\"Banks sells coins at a premium and do not buy back the gold coins that they sell from their counters. And we purchase it considering the purity of 99.50%. This way customers end with losing the cost\" said Kailash Mittal, secretary of Sarafa Traders Committee, Jaipur.\"If one is paying something around Rs 30,000, one might as well wear the items and get a thrill out of it rather than stow it away in the lockers,\" added Mittal.Meanwhile, the traders are upbeat with the market response so far.Though the figure cannot be authenticated, but experts believe that on Monday the sarafa market may have witnessed business worth Rs 300 crore. Most of the shops remained open till late night.\"Usually clients book jewellery before Dhanteras and take delivery on the auspicious day. This time, however, actual purchases started shortly after the shraddh period ended and Navratri began. But last minute buying kept pouring till late night\" said Mahesh Soni, owner of a store at Johari Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17186988", "title": "Jawans create ruckus in mall", "text": "INDORE: Eight newly-recruited military jawans allegedly created ruckus in Malhar Mega mall here on Sunday when the mall owner tried to stop them from using the escalator in the opposite direction. Later, the police reached and brought them to police station.Superintendent of Police (SP), East, OP Tripathi, said a few armymen from Mhow Army Regiment came to the city on outpass. Two of them were reportedly using the escalator from the opposite direction, when the mall owner Pintu Chhabra noticed them. He tried to stop the youths, but they were reluctant.Few local guards also rushed to the spot on a call given by the mall owner, said the SP, adding that both parties reportedly indulged in scuffle and few other military men who were moving in the mall came to join their colleagues.The incident took place at around 4.30 pm. Police were immediately informed and reached the spot. They reportedly brought all the military personnel to Vijay Nagar police station. Later, the senior officials of military were informed about the incident and they also came to the police station.The mall owner Chhabra was also not interested to file formal complaint against these militarymen. Police allowed them to go after tendering of apology by the jawans, said Vijay Nagar police in charge Kamal Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186793", "title": "Pune jewellers do brisk business on Dhanteras", "text": "PUNE: Jewellery shops bustling with enthusiastic buyers on Dhanteras proved that surging inflation cannot dampen the city's festive fervour. Prominent jewellers in the city said that this Dhanteras seemed to be better than last year in terms of business, though gold prices per 10 grams increased from last year's Rs 29,000 to Rs 32,050 this year. However, the trend observed this year is that buyers are opting for gold jewellery instead of coins, perhaps because of the approaching marriage season.City jeweller Shailesh Ranka said that his store saw a demand for gold on Sunday, even as early as 9am. \"We have also received good response for gold and silver coins of goddess Laxmi. But demand for gold jewellery is more than coins,\" he said, adding that issues such as inflation and rise in prices of essential commodities have not deterred people from buying during festive occasions. \"People are also buying 22 carat gold jewelry and temple jewelry to a great extent this year,\" he said.Gold prices on Dhanteras touched Rs 32,050 per 10 grams. There was an increase Rs 50 (per 10 grams) from the prices on Saturday. Silver prices were Rs 61,500 per kg on Dhanteras this year, while last year the cost was around Rs 60,000.Jewellery stores in the city also had offered a variety of discounts for customers on the day. \"From exclusive jadau jewellery, which is a royal ethnic collection of gold ornaments, to a special packing of pure gold coins (ranging from half a gram to five grams) in the shape of currency notes, customers had a lot to choose from,\" said Ranka.Jewellers however, could not give figures on the increase in sales, nor the quantum of precious metals sold on Dhanteras. \"This year, volumes sold in terms of rupees will be more as rates of these metals were comparatively lower last year. Overall sales made in the city in terms of quantity may be the same as last year or even slightly lesser as the entire festive month has been a little slack. However, sales on Dhanteras are almost the same as last year's,\" said Ranka.Nitin Ashtekar, owner of a jewellery store in Laxmi Road, said that sales of gold ornaments and coins this Dhanteras have picked up by 10% to 20%. \"Diwali is a festival which involves compulsory buying, and people save money to do so. With rising prices, people feel that it is safer to invest in gold, which explains the rush this year,\" said Ashtekar.Ashtekar said that his store too had offered various schemes and discounts to its patrons, such as presenting gifts to those who made purchases above Rs 10,000, lucky draw coupons. Mangal sutras, bangles and necklaces are also in demand this year, he added.Surinderpal Singh, owner of another prominent jewellery store in Narayan Peth, said since Dhanteras is an auspicious occasion, customers prefer buying gold. Apart from gold and diamond jewellery, there was a sale of temple, kundan and antique jewellery this year. the response has been better than last year, though he could not give a figure on the increase in sales. \"Dhanteras is an auspicious occasion and more and more people prefer buying gold on this day. In fact, customers this year have shown an inclination to buying gold and diamond jewellery more than gold and silver coins,\" he said. Like other stores, his too had various offers for customers on the auspicious day, including new jewellery designs in.Ruchi Jain, the managing director of a jewellery store in Karve road said that there has been a lot of demand for bridal and antique collection, much more than that for gold coins. \"We see an 80% demand for jewellery, and 20% for gold coins this Dhanteras,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186115", "title": "Indian shuttlers dominate Bahrain tourney", "text": "NAGPUR: They proved that they aren't just bench-warmers. The depth of the Indian badminton talent came to fore during the 2012 Bahrain International Challenge tournament which concluded at Manama on Saturday night.Out of five events, a strong second string Indian side won four, making it more or less an Indian affair in the Gulf. To top it all, two finals - women's singles and men's doubles - had Indian players on either side of the net.The Badminton Association of India had sent the second string side to Bahrain for exposure as the main squad is scheduled to travel to China for a Super Series event.It was just the right kind of morale-booster for singles winners Arundhati Pantawane and B Sai Praneeth. While Arundhati quelled a spirited challenge from fellow countrywoman Tanvi Lad in three games 20-22, 21-12, 21-19, B Sai Praneeth also rallied back superbly to upset top seed Sri Lankan Niluka Karunaratne 14-21, 21-14, 21-17 in the women's and men's singles finals, respectively.Top seeds Rupesh Kumar and Sanave Thomas justified their billing by claiming the men's doubles title. The seasoned campaigners, however, had to stretch themselves fully to get the better of the new Indian doubles pair K Nandagopal and Jishnu Sanyal. The world No. 2 won 21-18, 19-21, 21-18 in an all-Indian final.The fourth title for India was bagged by mixed doubles pair of Tanveer Gill and Mohita Sahdev. Unseeded in the tourney, the duo shocked top seeds Mahmoud Elsayaad and Nadine Ashraf of Egypt in the final.Nagpur shuttler Arundhati, who had reached a career-best world rankings of 51 last year, did not have a good 2012 and slippled out of the top-100. However, this triumph will certainly help her as she tries to bounce back by performing well in the rest of the season.\"I was confident of winning the title after seeing the draw. I only had to play two good matches to emerge as winner. To win the first international title was a great feeling,\" Arundhati told TOI on Sunday.The 23-year-old had prepared well for the Bahrain tourney. After giving a big scare to PV Sindhu in the semifinals at the Srinagar Senior Nationals in October, Arundhati trained hard at the Hyedrabad-based Pullela Gopichand Academy for a month.Chief national coach Gopichand is pretty satisfied with the overall show by the Indians in Bahrain. \"It augurs well for the future of Indian badminton. It shows we have a good depth,\" said Gopi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187975", "title": "Fake currency racket busted in Alwar", "text": "GURGAON: The catch of another African national with counterfeit Indian currency with a face value of Rs 13.20 lakh in Alwar, bordering Haryana, has the exposed the porous border of the state, which is turning safe haven for criminals.As per investigators, the accused B Seragalain was in the country for the last two months and arrived in Bhiwadi Industrial Area on Friday when he was %arrested along with a local resident and currency %was seized from their possession.In the past too, there have been cases in which fake currency racket operating in Rajasthan, Delhi and other adjoining states have been found to have links in Haryana.A senior cop said that following the incident, the police are keeping vigil on the border areas and all the suspected person and vehicles are being checked thoroughly. \"Though counterfeit currency accused's link in Haryana are yet to be established by it cannot be ruled out\" he said and added that the border districts of adjoining states are crime prone and therefore at times, absconders slip in Haryana to avoid police action.Recently Haryana police had joined hands with their counterparts in the national capital to nab criminals who have not only been taking shelter in the state to evade arrest. Many times, these criminals commit crime in Delhi, Rajasthan and other states and later take shelter in Haryana.The police from adjoining districts have been sharing vital information about the wanted criminals of their states and even exchanged the history-sheets to nab them and check the rising crime.Another police official said criminals of adjoining states have been hiding to protect themselves from police action and carry out their operation in other states through their gangs. Now Haryana police has decided to ensure proper coordination with their counterparts in adjoining states to put the dreaded criminals behind bars.In May this year, Haryana police had recovered fake currency of the face value wroth around Rs 12 lakh and the accused had several criminal cases registered against him in the state as well as Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186106", "title": "Region's first predictive homoeopathy clinic to open in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Those practicing alternative or traditional medicines always face criticism from the more rational people regarding their disciplines, which is not considered to have any scientific base. Homoeopathic doctors from the city are trying to dispel this belief by establishing a clinic-cum-teaching institute, which is based on the principles of predictive homoeopathy.Such clinics already exist in countries like United Kingdom , Germany, Chile, Peru and even Maharashtra has four of them. However, this would be the first such establishment in Vidarbha. Mumbai-based Dr Prafull Vijaykar, who is regarded as a pioneer of predictive homeopathy, will provide his expertise to the clinic , while its affairs would be looked after by city's renowned homoeopath Dr Kishore Narad.Explaining the vision behind the concept, Dr Vijaykar said, \"No disease is incurable like no mountain is insurmountableif medicine is practised the right way. Problem arises when a medical practitioner drifts away from his own science and starts mixing it up with principles of more than one mode of treatment, like in the case of modern-day homeopaths who have started practicing homoallopathy.\"To solve this problem, Dr Vijaykar read each and every word written by the founder of homeopathy Dr Samuel Hahnemann. After understanding the depths of the texts written by the master in the 19th century,Dr Vijaykar co-related it with disciplines of allopathic medicine including pathology, embryology, genetics and human biochemistry among others.\"Instead of suppressing the cause of a problem like in allopathy, we treat the cause and not the effect of disease. For example, instead of giving a tablet to a patient having fever, we ask for things that were experienced a day or two prior to the illness, which reduced his immunity and provided inlet for the bacteria. After this mind related cause - whether it is anger, fear or hurt - is treated the immunity rises and ultimately the patient feels better within an hour,\" explains Dr Vijaykar. According to him, whether it is a mental illness or a physical ailment, predictive homoeopathy can treat anything if the principles are followed properly.Under the treatment methodology, camps named 'Hope for the hopeless' are held wherein those with problems like congenital blindness , diabetes , hypertension, mental retardation and autism are also cured, informed Dr Yogesh Doye, secretary of Nagpur branch of Homoeopathic Medical Association of India. He also said that these camps have witnessed several cures which modern science can only term as miracles. Dr Vijaykar said the success rate of such miraculous cures has been 40 to 45 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187948", "title": "Secrets of working more, living large", "text": "GURGAON: Much has been said about unhealthy lifestyle at workplaces in the city, especially in the outsourcing industry. To meet this challenge, companies say they are doing their bit, but cases of chronic diseases and stress levels are soaring.In order to quantify the measures taken by companies, a US-based NGO has unveiled healthy workplace criteria as the first step of its healthy workplace program after consultations with the IT sector. These criteria will promote workplace wellness, help reduce the burden of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) and offer companies a competitive edge in terms of increased talent retention and higher productivity.\"As chronic disease and stress levels soar and attrition rates rise, it's imperative that companies shift from illness containment to wellness promotion,\" said Dr Geeta Bharadwaj, head, Healthy Workplace Initiative, Arogya World, India.\"Such a paradigm shift would boost positive work outcomes, improve organizational excellence and promote employee retention. Workplace wellness programs not only help attract and retain talent, but ensure good returns on investment (ROI), particularly important in the wake of the global economic slowdown,\" he said.She said talks are on with FICCI , Wipro , Cisco, Bosch and GE. \"They are interested in implementing workplace wellness program. We will coach one person from each of these companies through a 16 week program. We will then review the work done by them, check their policies, do a complete audit and then award them. We will also ask employees on their weight improvements, lowered cholesterol records. We want to capture 25 companies in two years for our program and improve the lives of 60,000 people,\" she said.Speaking at the launch, Keshav Desiraju - special secretary, ministry of health and family welfare affirmed that India is committed to reducing the burden of NCDs, which cause 50 percent of all deaths in the country. \"As people spend half their waking hours at work, it is important to increase health consciousness at the workplace. I am pleased that workplaces are being used in innovative 'whole of society' approaches to combat NCDs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187924", "title": "Travellers shun state for checks on tribal tourism", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The nip is in the air, but the buzz in tourism sector of Odisha is missing. State's hospitality sector, which becomes vibrant in winter, is experiencing a dull season this time around. The footfall of foreign tourists has nosedived thanks to the restriction on tribal tourism imposed by the state government in February.While nearly 65,000 foreign tourists visited Odisha last year, around 20,000 had arrived in November, December and January, sources said. Even Puri, which attracts the maximum number of foreign tourists, has failed to do so this season. \"Only a handful of foreign tourists are present in Puri right now. Many tour operators and hotels are facing cancellation of tours of foreigners due to restriction on tribal tourism,\" said an officer of Puri tourist office.Tribal tourism received a blow following allegations early this year that tribals are being misused as 'human safari' for business. The jittery state government soon came up with rigorous guidelines, restricting photography of tribal people and visit to villages inhabited by primitive Bondas and Dongaria Kandhas, also known as Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups (PVTGs). The abduction of two Italian tourists by Maoists in March caused further damage to the nascent tribal tourism in the state.\"I have already cancelled two tour packages, involving 15 foreign tourists from Denmark. They had a penchant for adventure and ethnic tourism. But the restriction forced them to go for Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland and Gujarat,\" Odisha Tour Operators Association (OTOA) secretary Yugabrat Kar said.Tourism minister Maheswar Mohanty admitted that tribal tourism is in doldrums. \"Foreigners are not coming due to the restrictions. The government is seriously looking for a solution,\" Mohanty told TOI. \"We will soon open a single window counter at Bhubaneswar where tour operators and tourists can get permission to visit tribal areas,\" Mohanty said.Tour operators have been demanding establishment of the proposed single window counter at Bhubaneswar after the government asked them to obtain the permission from district collectors, which was wrought with problems. \"Till date we are not clear about the government's circular which says that we can take tourists to the tribal markets with permits from the collectors. But collectors don't encourage tourism in their districts,\" OTOA wrote to tourism secretary recently.\"Although our neighbouring states, Chhattishgarh and Andhra Pradesh, are more disturbed by Maoist activities, they welcome tourists through attractive packages. Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland and Gujarat are promoting their ethnic regions and we are loosing our market share to these states,\" Kar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191888", "title": "Natives of Manjhi's village share special bonding with Nawaz", "text": "Nawazuddin Siddiqui wrapped up his shooting of the legendary 'Mountain Man' Dashrath Manjhi who dug up a mountain in the Gaya district of Bihar to create a roadway for his village.The most moving moment merging the motion-picture with real life was on evidence on Friday morning in the district of Gaya in Bihar when villagers in large numbers gathered to bid farewell to 'Dashrath Baba' the name by which the legendary mountain-digger Dashrath Manjhi is known in his district.So immersed was Nawazuddin in the character of Manjhi that villagers were unable to tell him apart from the real one.Nawazuddin who is still limping around on a stick after all the rugged mountain climbing and cutting that he did for Ketan Mehta's film says, \"Though there was video footage of the older 70-year old Manjhi, I had to play him according to the descriptions provided by local villagers who had known Manjhi personally to recreate the younger part of his life.\"The character-recreation was so uncanny that locals began addressing Nawazuddin as Darshrath Manjhi.Says the method actor emotionally. \"For one whole month I shut myself out completely to the extent that I didn't even speak to my wife. My phone was off. I had no link with the outside world from where I was shooting with Ketan Mehta in Gaya. The concentration was necessary to relive the character faithfully. I didn't want my character to look like a caricature of the original.\"The concentration that Nawazuddin has poured into playing Manjhi has paid rich dividends.The original Dashrath Manjhi's family and co-villagers have adopted Nawazuddin as a newly-born avatar of the deceased hero who spent 22 years of his life digging a roadway through the mountain that separated his village from the nearest town.Nawazuddin actually dug through a mountain to show Manjhi at his life's mission. No trick photography would be used to show Nawazuddin digging his way through the mountain. However, director Ketan Mehta would be employing sophisticated special effects to show the mountain turn gradually turn into a roadway.Nawazuddin will return to Manjhi's village in Bihar to hold a special open-air premiere of the film for the villagers.\"There are no theatres anywhere near the village. But Ketan and I will screen the film for the villagers. We owe them that much.\"Manjhi's close relatives and friends have \"adopted\" Nawazuddin as a born-again avatar of the Mountain Man. As Nawazuddin bid a tearful farewell to the villagers who flocked to see their 'Dashrath Baba' leave their midst , he could barely contain his emotions. \"I've never experienced such an emotional connect with any of my characters or their milieu. For one month I lived,ate, walked, talked and behaved like Dashrath Manjhi. It will take me a while to get out of this character.\"Adds director Ketan Mehta, \"When I signed Nawazuddin I had seen only a little of his work. It was Sudhir Mishra who recommended Nawaz to me. Today after working with him I can tell you with full confidence this is the best performance I've seen in any of my films.\"High praise indeed coming from a director who has worked with the likes of Naseeruddin Shah , Paresh Rawal , Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and Smita Patil.Says Ketan, \"Nawaz has the same smouldering intense emotive quality as Smita.The camera loves him as much as it loved her. The screen simply lights when these two actors are around.\"Ketan who has been holed up in Gaya for the last one month returns to three legal notices challenging his right to make a film on Dashrath Manjhi. \"There is one regarding Manish Jha's project. There is another legal notice from a director named Neerraj Pathak. And I've a third notice from a guy in Patna claiming he has the exclusive rights to make a film on Dashrath Manjhi. I've consulted my legal team. No one can claim an exclusive right to film Manjhi's life. His story is part of the public domain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187604", "title": "No power cut in state from 2013: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: The state would be free of power cuts by end of this year but for that, residents would have to pay more so that expensive resources could be bought from outside, chief minister said Prithviraj Chavan on Sunday when he invited journalists to his official residence Varsha on the completion of two years in the CM's office.According to him, procurement of coal and gas has become difficult; poor rainfall means some power plants may have to shut down owing to lack of water, and all these factors are adding to the difficulty in generating electricity. \"I asked Mukesh Ambani to provide gas from the KG basin for the Dabhol project, which has been revived at a cost of Rs 12,000 crore. But he said owing to technical reasons, it was not possible,\" Chavan said. As a result, though Dabhol has the capacity of producing 2,200 MW electricity, 1,400 MW cannot be generated owing to lack of gas. \"In Uran, the plant can now produce only 600 MW of power though it has the capacity of 1,200 MW. The plants at Parli, Beed, may have to shut down as we are not able to provide water from the Jaikwadi dam,\" he said. So, Chavan added, residents might have to pay more so that the raw material could be bought from outside.There was also trouble in the distribution of water for agriculture, drinking as well as industry, said the chief minister, adding he had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to set up a National Water Regulatory Authority. \"Should we stop providing water to power plants such as Koyna, which give us cheap electricity, and divert it all to agriculture? Irrigation water outside Mumbai is reserved to provide drinking water to the city. These are difficult decisions to take and they cannot be politically driven. It will be appropriate to have a regulatory authority,\" he said.On criticism that he takes time when it comes to taking decisions, Chavan said increasingly, there was an emphasis on rule- and system-based governance, a change brought about by the Right to Information Act and Whistleblower's Act. \"A few years ago, quick decisions used to be taken without any proper scrutiny but now, it is no longer possible as you will get into trouble. I have, in the last two years, laid emphasis on a system-based governance and the use of technology,\" he said. The Adarsh housing scam, he said, hit the higher echelons of the bureaucracy very badly. No officer was willing to take a decision retrospectively, especially as a number of bureaucrats had been arrested by the CBI, the CM said.Chavan also clarified that there was no rift in the relation between the Congress and its alliance partner NCP. \"Only when elections to local bodies are held, all alliance partners, including those in the Opposition, fight for more seats. This was the first time that we contested the civic elections together. With the polls over, there are no problems between the two partners,\" he said, confirming they would contest the 2014 Assembly and Lok Sabha polls together.Moving on to the recent controversies over white papers, the CM said the one on MMRDA was ready, while that on irrigation would be used as a base to take decisions, he said. \"The future course of action will not be easy. We have projects worth Rs 1 lakh crore underway. Where will we find the money? We budget around Rs 7,000 crore annually. We will need to prioritize,\" he said. The CM also said soon, they will decide on the construction of a memorial of B R Ambedkar at Indu Mills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17186902", "title": "Troublemakers will be booked under NSA, warns city top cop", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police commissioner AK Viswanathan on Sunday said public safety is the prime concern of his department and anyone found trying to disrupt peace and communal harmony in the city will be booked under the provisions of National Security Act (NSA).The city police commissioner conducted peace talks with members of both Hindu and Muslim communities in the wake of recent untoward incidents between both the communities. Viswanathan instructed them to maintain peace and law and order ahead of Diwali celebrations. A review meeting was also held in the city to evaluate the law and order situation.Meanwhile, the police detained twelve people under preventive custody and arrested four people from various parts in the city on Sunday in connection with the recent isolated incidents of arson and attack on commercial establishments.Early Sunday morning, a timber mart was set on fire by unidentified people at Kannappan Nagar. The timber mart owner M Noor Mohammed, 61, of Thillai Nagar lodged a complaint with Rathinapuri police station. Based on the complaint, the police conducted detailed inquiry and arrested M Sakthivel, 23, of Kavundampalayam and S Arunnath, 22, of Kannappan Nagar. Both are functionaries of the Bharath Sena. They were booked under section 436 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to destroy house etc.,) of IPC.A Mohanraj, 32, a RSS functionary of Sukrawarpet, A Arunkumar, 28, a Hindu Munnani functionary of Sundapalayam, K Rajeshkumar, 23, of RS Puram, V Karthikeyan, 23, of Sundaram Street, both belonged to RSS, and K Anilkumar, 38, of Sundaram, who belonged to BJP, were detained under preventive custody on Sunday by RS Puram police.S Akthar, 36, A Johnson Ali, 33, of NH Road, S Akbar Badusha, 26, of AKS Nagar on Thadagam Road and M Rafiq, 30, of Kottaimedu, were detained under preventive custody by Variety Hall road police. Kattoor police detained three youths M Rajesh, 23, M Kumaran, 22, both from Patel Road and R Ramprasath, 23, of CMC Colony in Kattoor under preventive custody.The 12 people were booked under section 151 (knowingly joining or continuing in assembly of five or more persons after it has been commanded to disperse) of IPC and Section 7(1) (a) in the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1932.Selvapuram police arrested A Chandran, 48, of Chokkampudur for assaulting A Nazeer, 21, of Selvapuram on Saturday.Nazeer was assaulted by a three-member gang when he was walking on the Selvapuram Road while Hindu outfits were holding protest. A police team is on search of two more people in connection with the case.Kuniamuthur police arrested two youths Manikandan of Sundakkamuthur and Rajan aliash Lakshmanan of Thondamuthur who belonged to Vishwa Hindu Parishad for pelting stones on a government bus at Kulathupalayam on Saturday night.\"We have detained 12 persons under preventive custody and four persons were arrested for damaging public properties and commercial establishments. We will take stringent action and will book them under NSA against those who disturb the peace and communal harmony,\" said Viswanathan.Meanwhile, three battalions from Tamil Nadu Special Police (TSP) had come to Coimbatore city on Sunday and the police personnel will be deployed on Monday in the various parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17188033", "title": "Student polls: SP fails to notch a single seat", "text": "NOIDA: The results of the students' union polls that took place in Noida after seven years were marked by the complete absence of the Samajwadi Party's student wing. Even the ABVP, whose parent party - the BJP - has the local MLA seat, did not win a single position. All major posts in the election were won by independent candidates. Only NSUI managed to win two positions of treasurer and general secretary.Rinku Kumar was elected president, Ruchi Pandey vice-president and Afzal joint secretary - all independent candidates from the arts department. Gulzar Ali and Sonika, both from NSUI, were elected secretary and treasurer, respectively.In spite of the immense political backing of many of the student parties, students explained that the results did not come as a surprise. \"We are tired of the politics of BJP, SP and BSP in the state. We want a change and independent candidates are those who want to actually make a difference,\" Ramesh Singh, a BA student, said.The student elections took place in Noida after a gap of seven years. Barring isolated incidents of 'fake voters', the election was largely peaceful.According to officials, the voter turnout was about 60%, though barring the science stream, the number of female voters remained marginally less than that of male voters.Police said many voters had arrived in their own vehicles and had parked these outside the college in a manner that sparked a traffic jam near the City Centre Metro station. \"A large part of the road was blocked. It was mildly surprising for we hadn't expected quite so many cars to turn up,\" a traffic police officer said.The student union polls were last held during SP rule in October 2005 and thereafter banned by Mayawati during her term as chief minister of the state. When Akhilesh Yadav was voted to power, one of his promises to the youth was to bring back student union elections.But these elections have resulted in a number of violent clashes in the state and have the Noida police worried. \"We don't want any incidents of violence to mar the elections,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186366", "title": "Corporator loses seat for having more than 2 kids", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the first time ever, a municipal corporator has been disqualified for having more than two children. The byelection for the division will be held soon.The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has issued a notification declaring Borabanda division corporator G Vanaja's (Congress) election invalid after the AP high court disqualified her as per section 21 B of the GHMC Act, 2009. As per the section, a person having more than two children (after 1995) would be disqualified from election or from continuing as member.As the corporator's election was struck down by the court, the corporation wrote a letter to the State Election Commission (SEC) a couple of days ago for conducting byelection. The byelection is likely to take place in December. It would be the second byelection after formation of Greater Hyderabad. Last year, byelection was conducted for the KPHB colony division after the demise of the sitting corporator.Incidentally, another case of a corporator having more than two children is pending with the high court. Langer Houz corporator Ravi Yadav (MIM) had won the civic election in 2009. When another contestant from the division approached the court against Ravi Yadav's election, the lower court declared his election as invalid, but the corporator approached the HC, where his case is pending.Sources said there were nearly 10 corporators, who had won the election in 2009, but have more than two children. The two-child norm also applies to other elected representatives--MLAs, MLCs and MPs--but as objections are not raised these representatives continue in their posts.Usually, returning officers, during scrutiny of nominations, check details of candidates like the two-child norm, criminal history, conviction in any case, whether holding office-of-profit or owe dues to the corporation. If they do not raise any objection at the time of scrutiny, other contestants could approach courts even after the election.\"Though returning officers have power to inquire issues like the two-child norm on suo motu during the scrutiny of nominations, they seldom get into it as it requires evidences. That is why they leave the issue to other contestants,\" a GHMC officer said.\"A major problem is that most contestants are ignorant about these rules. Also, the burden of proof lies on the contestant, who has to gather evidence and present it,\" BJP floor leader in GHMC Bangari Prakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186683", "title": "Kumbhalgarh Fort turns blue to raise awareness on diabetes", "text": "JAIPUR: The 15th century Kumbhalgarh Fort, famous as the birthplace of great king and warrior of Mewar\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Maharana Pratap, is illuminated in blue on November 11 and November 12 to spread awareness about diabetes.The Sanofi Diabetes Blue Fortnight 2012 - is an initiative of the Union ministry of health and family welfare, International Diabetes Federation, Archaeological Survey of India and HEAL Foundation, a non-profit health awareness and advocacy group, to spread awareness on the disease.The blue monument lighting drive is being carried out at many significant monuments across the country. Every year, November 14 is celebrated as the World Diabetes Day, said an organizer of the event.Archaeological survey of India (ASI) superintending archaeologist (Jaipur circle) Vasant Kumar Swarnkar said, \"We are illuminating the Kumbhalgarh Fort in blue colour to spread awareness about diabetes. The fort will be aglow with blue lights on two days\u00e2\u20ac\u201d November 11-12.\"He said since the lifestyle of the people has changed, eating habits have also changed and people do not engage in sports or exercise. Thus, diabetes is becoming a major concern for health ministry.A city doctor Rajeev Patni, endocrinologist and diabetologist at a private hospital, said \"Considering the mounting cases of diabetes, it has become very important to spread awareness about the reasons which cause it and the measures to check it, especially the prevention and management of juvenile diabetes. This will have a direct impact on the quality of life of the children suffering from it.\"\"Juvenile diabetics are increasing fast and to keep a check on it, it has become very important to sensitize people. There is also a need to organize free screening camps,\" Dr Patni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191634", "title": "Mere Dad Ki Maruti", "text": "CreditsDirector: Ashima Chibber Cast: Ram Kapoor, Saqib Saleem, Rhea Banner: Y Films Music: Sachin Gupta Release Date: March 15, 2013SynopsisGet ready for an outrageous comedy set against the backdrop of a loud Punjabi wedding in Chandigarh. MDKM tells the story of a boy who sneaks his dad's fancy new car out to impress the college hottie and how all hell breaks loose when he loses it!'Mere Dad Ki Maruti' stars Ram Kapoor, one of television's most loved actors as the khadoos dad in his first full-fledged comedy role. And the leads are played by the next two new faces that YRF is launching after Anushka, Ranveer and Arjun, Parineeti namely Saqib Saleem who made his debut in last year's sleeper hit from Y-Films' 'Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge'. Proclaimed the 'Find of the Year' by critics, Saqib will be romancing another hot new face being launched by Y-Films, Rhea.Rhea was spotted when she was a finalist in the Ms. Teen International pageant and went on to become the youngest VJ on MTV. Having fine-tuned her acting chops in a South film, directed by Prabhu Deva, she now plays a fun Chandigarh girl who inadvertently becomes the root cause of the hero's troubles with his car. A great looker, fabulous dancer and full of energy, Rhea promises to be someone to watch out for!MDKM also marks the directorial debut of Ashima Chibber who has been associated with some of the most talented directors of our times. Beginning as Shimit Amin's First AD on 'Ab Tak Chappan' and 'Chak De India' among others, Ashima's last project was as First Assistant Director to Imtiaz Ali on 'Rockstar'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192228", "title": "Allu Sirish\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Gouravam wraps up talkie part", "text": "Allu Sirish-starrer Gouravam has wrapped up filming the talkie portion, and the unit is now left with canning a couple of songs and a few patch work scenes. Gouravam is currently in post production stage and producer Prakash Raj is eyeing a January/February release.Allu Sirish says that he did not sign any new film and is quite contented to chill out with his family &amp; friends and await the release of his debut film. \"Dint sign any new film. Looks I'll be happily unemployed for a while. Time to rejuvenate : catch up on movies, books, friends &amp; family.\" (sic), wrote Sirish on his micro blogging site.Yami Gautham is playing the female lead in this bilingual (Telugu and Tamil) social drama. SS Thaman is composing the music and Preetha is handling the cinematography. Writer BVS Ravi will be assisting the story and direction team for the Telugu version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17187652", "title": "'Wizard of Oz' dress fetches $480,000", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Judy Garland's blue and white gingham dress from \" The Wizard of Oz\" sold for $480,000 at a Beverly Hills auction on Saturday, while a slice of Prince William's wedding cake fetched $1,375.Julien's Auctions said the price for the pinafore dress and white puffy-sleeved blouse that Garland, in the role of Dorothy, wore throughout the 1939 film classic was in line with estimates.But it was well below the sky-high figures paid last year for Hollywood costumes worn by Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn, and a similar dress worn during tests for \"The Wizard of Oz\" that fetched $910,000 in 2011.Other highlights of the two-day Hollywood Icons sale included a green floral dress worn by Julie Andrews in several scenes of the movie \"The Sound of Music\", which sold for $38,400.A racing jacket belonging to Steve McQueen sold for $50,000, while a purple wool skirt worn by Monroe in Canada while making the 1954 film \"River of No Return\" also went for $50,000.Julien's said representatives of PawnUp.com led the bidding obtain the slice of cake from William's and Kate Middleton's 2011 wedding, and a piece from Charles's and Princess Diana's 1981 nuptials ($1,375). reuters", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191110", "title": "Celebs insist to celebrate a cracker-free Diwali", "text": "The celeb brigade champions the cause of a safe and cracker-less Diwali for the bachcha party.Community crackers \"I don't endorse the celebration of festivals with crackers, but it's not easy to keep children away from them,\" says singer Shaan, who celebrates Diwali with close friends, and this year too, will be celebrating the festival together with his friends and their families at some farm house. However, Shaan suggests an alternative to giving in to children's demand at home: \"Like it happens in so many other countries, we should also organize a firework display for a large crowd, so that the kids are not disappointed, and celebrate Diwali without crackers at homes.\"Turn to traditions Kailash Kher too believes in celebrating a cracker-free Deepawali. \"Diwali is the festival of lights, and traditionally, the festival was celebrated by adorning our homes with deep and flowers. It was never celebrated with cracker s. Yeh toh abhi kuch saalon se zyada ho gaya hai ,\" says Kher, \"But I can see a lot of people going back to traditional ways and saying no to crackers in their Diwali celebrations.\" Kher adds, \"My son Kabir will be three this December, and I will never encourage him to burn crackers.\"Jimmy's puja For actor Jimmy Sheirgill, doing the Lakshmi puja with the family is the most important part of Diwali celebrations. \"Yes we all should discourage the celebration of Diwali with crackers, and that's what I tell my son Veer,\" he emphasizes and adds, \"Doing shaam ki puja with family forms the most important part of my celebrations,\" says Jimmy, who may not be able to go home this time for Diwali, and will be in Lucknow for his shoot.Stay safe Manoj Bajpayee too endorses a cracker-free Diwali. \"I think it will be fantastic if people adhere to practicing a safe and cracker-free Diwali,\" he says, and adds, \"A special Lakshmi puja on the day of the festivals keeps my whole family engaged on the day of the festival.\"Let there be light Actress Mandira Bedi has been celebrating a cracker-less Diwali for the last few years. \"Since a couple of years now, we just light up the house and don't burst any crackers on Diwali. Crackers cause way too much air and sound pollution and are not safe as well,\" she says. \"Vir, my son, is just one-year-old, so I don't know how the festival will be for him, but I will never encourage him to play with crackers when he grows older,\" adds Mandira, whose Diwali is typically about \"preparing kada prasad, sending out Diwali gifts to friends and spending time at home with family\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17186207", "title": "70 lakh property lost in Verna fire", "text": "VASCO: Property worth 70 lakh was destroyed in a fire that broke out in the third floor office of the Tevapharma India Pvt. Ltd, in the Verna industrial estate, in the wee hours of Sunday.Personnel from the Verna and Margao fire stations extinguished the blaze and saved property worth crores of rupees. The UPS, server, computers, office furniture, electrical panels etc. were damaged in the fire. There was no casualty in the incident.At about 1am on Sunday, the fire started in the UPS room on third floor of the building, exploding UPS batteries and engulfing the adjacent BMS room and electrical panel room.According to S V Parni, station fire officer, Verna, \"When the fire broke out, an engineer and his assistant were on duty in the control room, adjacent to the battery room, on the same floor.\" When they smelt the smoke they rushed out and realised that the battery room was on fire.Fire brigade officers from Margao and Verna rushed to the spot. The fire was brought under control by 2:30am and completely extinguished by 3:30am.Officials from the company reported a loss of 70 lakh, whereas fire department is yet to estimate the loss suffered.Timely intervention by fire personnel prevented the fire from spreading any further.S V Parni, station fire officer, Verna fire station, and Hemant Chodankar, sub-officer, Margao fire station, with their team of fire fighters conducted the fire fighting operations under the supervision of Ashok Menon, director, fire and emergency services, who also visited the site and took stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17188489", "title": "PGIMER Chandigarh exam fraud: Lips sealed, but they spoke", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A training in ventriloquism \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a handy tool for new age comedians to change their voice and make it look as if coming from elsewhere \u00e2\u20ac\u201d may have helped the seven girls who went as decoy medical students disguise their communication with the PGI paper leak scam accused, P Guirivi Reddy, on Saturday, said top officials of the CBI.\"When we caught the girls, there was a lot of humming noise and cheek movements that looked suspicious in the rooms. It suggests that they had practised the art of talking by hiding their lip movements,\" said CBI DIG Mahesh Aggarwal.On Saturday, the CBI had recovered a combination of mobile phone and bluetooth accessory from the girls' undergarments and tresses. According to the investigating agency, these girls, who were communicating from their separate examination centres with Reddy, had restricted their communication to a fixed set of words and monosyllables.Ventriloquism is even a part of mimicry subject in art courses in Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University's curriculum in Andhra Pradesh. The agency, however, refused to divulge details of the ventriloquist whose services could have been used by Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17186346", "title": "Nobel winner feted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Professor Rudolph A Marcus, who received the Nobel prize in Chemistry in 1992, was on Sunday bestowed with an Honorary Doctorate by the University of Hyderabad at a ceremony organised on its campus. The 89-year-old professor had earlier been awarded the doctorate in absentia at the Convocation held on October 1, 2012.Professor Ch Hanumantha Rao, the chancellor of UoH, presented the honorary doctorate to Marcus in the presence of professor Ramakrishna Ramaswamy, the UoH VC. While accepting the honorary award, Marcus said he was overwhelmed at the recognition he was receiving for his work in the field of Electron Transfer Reactions in Chemical Systems. Marcus also gave a lecture on Electron Transfer Theory in Chemistry and its application in Solar Energy Conversion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188624", "title": "No sweet talk", "text": "Diabetes is the tip of the iceberg of a complex disease process called Metabolic Syndrome , which comprises obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertension , inflammation, hyperlipidemia and cardio-vascular disease. It begins in the womb of a mother, but we can change the future with appropriate interventions .Asia accounts for 60% of the world's diabetic population. In some parts of urban India, the prevalence has reached nearly 20%. Compared to the Western population, Asians develop diabetes at a younger age, at lower degrees of obesity and at much higher rates given the same amount of weight gain. A tendency towards greater abdominal obesity and less muscle mass among Asians results in an increased propensity for insulin resistance compared to Western populations.Asian women are at greater risk of developing gestational diabetes , thereby putting their children at risk for childhood obesity and metabolic syndrome later in life.(The writer is an MBBS, FRCS (C), FACOG, Senior Fulbright-Nehru Research Scholar to India at AIIMS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "17187528", "title": "Old friends\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 group sticks up for green fest", "text": "CIVIL LINES: This group of 10 couples has been friends for 32 years. Sharing the bond of friendship since their school days, these buddies, who are in their 50s and 60s, make sure they get together every month to celebrate their decades' old association. On Sunday, however, their meeting was a tad different, for it espoused a cause. All 20 of them pledged to do their bit to ensure a firecracker-free Diwali.Santosh Aggarwal, 55, a homemaker and wife of Satvinder Aggarwal, a textile factory owner, said, \"Most of us studied together in Model School, Civil Lines. Later, we took different courses and professions, but always stayed in touch. Of the 10 couples, five are from Civil Lines. Besides us, advocate Rajesh Marwaha and his wife Sangeeta Marwaha, a homemaker; Dr Navneet Saggar and Chhaya Saggar, a homemaker; Arun Sagar and Meenu Sagar, fashion designers, and Rakesh Chadha, a chartered accountant, and Neelam Chadha are from the area.\"\"Dr V K Vatsayan and Meenu Vatsayan and advocate R K Grover and Nisha Grover are from Samrala Chowk. Dr K K Kohli and Nutan Kohli are residents of Sarabha Nagar and V K Arora, a businessman, and Anu Arora, a beautician, of BRS Nagar. Businessman B S Ryat and Kulwant Kaur are from Model Town,\" she added.Aggarwal, who hosted the get-together, said, \"It was a special bash as we celebrated green Diwali together. We played tambola and a few other fun games. We went down the memory lane, recalling the good old days. And the event ended on a toothsome note, with we enjoying a scrumptious dinner.\"About their cause, Arora said, \"Besides having a good time, we took upon ourselves a noble mission. We decided to contribute towards a pollution-free Diwali. We will not burst crackers at our homes and urge our near and dear ones to shun their use.\"Chadha said, \"It's a colourful festival. We should celebrate it with diyas, rangoli and by spreading joy.\"Sagar said, \"Instead of wasting money on crackers, we can use it to feed poor people to add sparkle to their festivities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188229", "title": "Debate on role of media", "text": "KOLKATA: Is the rat race for breaking news among news channels and newspapers breaking up the country? Eminent personalities of the city came together to debate the topic at the fourth annual Jacobean Vs Xaverian Debate organised by the St James' School Alumni Association on Saturday.Dr Kunal Sarkar, journalist Sneshasis Sur, film producer Arindam Sil represented St Xaviers' College Calcutta Alumni Association (SXCCAA) and spoke against the motion, 'Breaking news is breaking up the country'. The Jacobean panel had Dr Ranjan Roychowdhury, along with young students. The session was moderated by former principal of St James School, John A Mason andjudged by journalist Utpal Chatterjee and former Kolkata police commissioner Gautam Chakraborty.SXCCAA emerged the winners. \"The standard of content on the news channels has degraded significantly. They prioritize on playing up on the entertainment quotient rather than hard news. It is also a fact that many media organisations in India are owned by politicians,\" said Ranjan Roychowdhury speaking for the motion. Where the Jacobeans stressed on the issues that media is irresponsible in news coverage and often sensationalise insignificant chunk of information, the Xaverians maintained that the media understands the responsibility and no news story has ever been so harmful as to break up the country.\"If politicians own media, we will never hear about a new scam every day. It is important for the media to play up a scams or derogatory remark by any renowned figure so that they know that nothing can be taken for granted,\" said Arindam Sil speaking against the motion.Team SXCAA was adjudged the winner andSumming it up, Chatterjee said the media needs to act as a mediator between power-holders and the common man. saw both Jacobeans and Xaverians speak one on one on the notion and was awarded the winning trophy. \"India lives in villages and about 70% of the country is rural. Media plays a very constructive and responsible role in informing and influencing these people. With changing times, the need for a mediator between the power-holders and the common people has risen. And media role comes into play here,\" said Chatterjee, summing up the topic for the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187935", "title": "4-year-old boy killed for witchcraft", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday arrested four persons for the alleged killing of a four-year-old boy for sorcery at Nuagaon village near Kegaon in Kalahandi district.The accused were identified as the boy's paternal uncle, Jarbi Gahir, a priest, Kumuda Sarangi, a sorcerer, Dayalu Dora, and a villager, Parameswar Dora.Police said the boy, Ajit Gahir, had gone missing on November 2 from the village. Three days later, police retrieved the body from the nearby Kunkad forest. \"We had launched a search operation for the boy after his parents lodged a missing complaint, but we couldn't locate him despite our best efforts. Some villagers, who had gone to the forest, informed us about body parts being strewn in the forest. Further investigation revealed that the boy was killed for witchcraft,\" said OIC (Kegaon police station) Sanjay Kumar Mandal.Mandal said the murder was preplanned and the body parts of the boy were used for witchcraft. \"The accused have confessed to the crime. They had picked up the boy from near his house and strangulated him to death on the outskirts of the village. The body parts were then dumped in the forest,\" the OIC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192116", "title": "Photography is my alter ego at play: JJ Valaya", "text": "Not many are aware of the other passion that drives master couturier JJ Valaya. In fact, it was only after the launch of his coffee table book in 2011, 'Decoded Paradox' that the world saw his art translated from clothes to frames.Today, the world renowned fashion designer proudly exhibits his next series of photographs known as 'The Soul in the Space - A Journey of Architectural Influences'.'Decoded Paradox' was an anthology of photographs displaying the fine art of New Delhi. Personalities, most of them who were facing the camera for the first time, were made to pose in the costumes of JJ Valaya against an array of locations, some historical and others contemporary.His second series, 'The Soul in the Space' is an amalgamation of the abstract and the personal. Here, the focus is on architectural details. What makes this series incredible is the fact that it was shot in three different locations that are, in a unique way, connected to the designer's life.Reminiscing about each city and the role they play in his photographs, he says, \"I discovered architectural photography in Dufftown (Scotland) during an artist's residency, Jodhpur because in some uncanny way, the spirit of monarchy and grandeur that one sees in my fashion work seems to emanate out of Rajasthan , and Chandigarh, because the modernity of Corbusier's vision impacted me enough for me to respect it and use it as my style mantra....that the old and new can and must co-exist!\"In an exclusive interview with The Times of India, he shares more on his other passion, that the world knows less about. Excerpts...You've been taking pictures before you forayed into fashion designing, but when did you realise and decide to take up photography professionally?Photography for me is my art. My interest has been around for as long as my fashion career but the decision to introduce myself as a fine art photographer was taken only in 2011 through my debut show 'Decoded Paradox'. Essentially, this is my alter ego at play.Fashion and photography, both are a means of artistic expression. Do you see any difference in the approach of the two streams or do you feel they are interconnected in terms of expression?There is art in commerce and commerce in art. Whilst both are creative fields, fashion, by virtue of its ever changing nature and commercial acceptance tends to be governed by market norms and trends; this may not essentially be the case with art, which thrives on honesty and fearlessness in expression.Your earlier exhibition, 'Decoded Paradox', which is also a book on fine arts in New Delhi. Take us through the process of conceiving 'The Soul in the Space', a series that concentrates on architecture and space - from gestation to publication.I was invited for an artist in residency programme by Glenfiddich to their distillery in Dufftown, Scotland last year. There, I discovered an amazing language in the geometry of some very basic tin sheds. The resultant images played interestingly with lines, texture and the relationship of structure with light. This, and a meeting with Peter Nagy of Nature Morte, further prompted me to discover the soul in two other important cities in my life: Jodhpur, my birthplace and Chandigarh, where I spent my teenage years. Co-incidentally, all three cities resulted in some very interesting images with very unique languages of their own. All three also played with different materials namely, stone in Jodhpur, concrete in Chandigarh and metal in Dufftown.Have you ever taken any professional course in photography?No, I'm a self taught photographer but a natural artist. The technicalities of cameras and photography still continue to baffle me!How do you find time for it from your schedule?My art is my greatest leveller as also the arena which makes me fearless and honest. Fashion is great fun, but is a rigorous and essential regime...we have to surprise every 6 months. Art to me is relaxing...beautiful...and since we are very actively now into interior design, it also perfectly compliments great spaces!Your favourite photographers and why?Prabuddha Dasgupta was a dear friend and a great photographer and I loved his work for its sensuality and his absolute dislike for artificial lighting; Irving Penn for his stunning contrast portraits; Edward Weston for his quirky eroticism and architectural works, and of course, Henri Cartier Bresson for the surprises he gave in his candid photo-journalism.If you could photograph anyone in the world, without limitations, who would you choose and how would you shoot them?My dream is to do a portraiture series of the 100 most charismatic persons in the world.If you had to pick one photograph as your favourite from this series, which would it be and why?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188407", "title": "Poor economic freedom plagues state", "text": "KOLKATA: While Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has all the reasons to be happy as his state emerged as the top state in the Economic Freedom Rankings for the States of India 2012, Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee can at best choose to ignore it. For the report presents a gloomy picture for Bengal which turns out to be a laggard in two of the three key indexes.It wouldn't be too easy to dismiss the findings either much as government would like to.Some of India's best known economists - Bibek Debroy, Laveesh Bhandari, Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar and Ashok Gulati - have collaborated for this study. The Indian Index is based on three parameters - the size of the government, legal structure and security of property rights and regulation of business, labour. The Indian Index ranks 20 states of India for which the data is available. Bengal ranked 18 among 20 states this year. In 2005, it ranked 18, but rose to 15 in 2009. and in 2011 it has again slipped to 18.The states, according to the report, which are economically more free are doing better in terms of a higher per capita growth for its citizens. Unemployment levels, too, are lower in these states, sanitary conditions are better and these states attract more investments. The report has been released by the Centre for Global Liberty and Prosperity, Cato Institute, in collaboration with Friedrich-Naumann Stiftung, in Hong Kong on Wednesday.Economist Ajitava Roy Chowdhury said the economic freedom here means the freedom for private enterprise. \"These are essentially perception surveys which may not always reflect the aspirations of the society as a whole,\" Chowdhury said. \"This is exemplified by the Doing Business in Indian cities report from where data has also been used for this study. Since 2009, this study has always put Kolkata at the least destination for business since 2009.\"Economist Aviroop Sarkar also agrees with Roy Chowdhury on this. \"Economic freedom here is for private enterprises and not for all. For example, for many, the economic freedom is the ability to read and write. If the government doesn't ensure education for all, the freedom is curtailed. Here, government intervention will always be negative.\"On the index of legal structure and security of property rights Bengal figures in the 18th rank. The state is the worst in regulation of labour and business, where it managed to notch the second last position - 19. Debroy and Bhandari conclude, \"West Bengal and Punjab are the other two states that have shown significant declines in their ranks since 2009. A range of factors account for the decline in their performance, the most important of which is the decline in the proportion of cases registered under Prevention of Corruption Act.\"They add, \"With an exception of Andhra Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal all the other states have improved in this measure since 2009.\" They add, \"As many as 8 states have seen a fall in their economic freedom rankings since 2005. The worst performers in 2011 are Jharkhand, West Bengal and Maharashtra. Jharkhand is one state that has performed poorly, its rating has fallen by 0.09 since 2005.\"It estimates the economic freedom in the 20 biggest Indian States based on 2011 data, using a methodology adapted from the Fraser Institute's Economic Freedom of the World Annual Reports. The report has demonstrated significant differences in economic governance that exist in India and has focused on state level reforms to improve inclusive economic growth.Bengal has relatively fared better in only one aspect of the study - the size of government, expenditure, taxes and enterprises. - Bengal fares relatively well than other states.The more the government role is, the lesser the economic freedom for its people. Bengal is seventh in this section, whereas Haryana tops the list. and Uttar Pradesh the last. The potential of Bengal, the report feels isn't a myth but a reality where the government hasn't created much inhibitors in form of taxes and red tapes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17190525", "title": "Dhanush, Yaatra back from Sabarimala", "text": "Dhanush has visited the world renowned Lord Ayyappa shrine at Sabaramalai in Kerala and offered prayers. The actor had a very good darshan.The actor has left for the pilgrimage trip to Sabarimala along with his son Yaatra from Kochi where he was shooting with the two big stars Mammootty and Dileep.Aishwaryaa Dhanush tweeted \"My son Yaatra's first trip to sabari malai n back :) father n son just got back to madras. thankful to god. now let the festivities begin!\"Dhanush got a rousing welcome when he reached Kochi to do a cameo in Kammath &amp; Kammath , his first appearance in a straight Malayalam film. He finished his potion in two days and headed straight to Sabarimala for darshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17188162", "title": "All well on energy front, no power blues till February", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's some bright news during the Festival of Lights. With hydel reservoirs in the state filled to the brim and wind generation peaking, thanks to mild weather, load shedding is unlikely to affect your plans. The energy situation is satisfactory for some time to come, claim power utilities.In fact, the satisfactory energy scene will outlast Christmas and go up to February, officials with the Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom ) said.\"I am happy with the utility's assurance that it has enough power resources. To celebrate, I am going to buy some extra light strings this Diwali. At the same time, I am sceptical and hope technical glitches won't spoil things,\" said Shubo Chakraborty, a resident of RMV II Stage.The happy situation is mainly due to the surge in generation of wind power, whose share has exceeded that from thermal sources too.WM Sivakumar, director (technical) of Bescom, said increase in wind power generation is also indicative of the demand decreasing.\"There won't be scheduled load shedding. During winter, consumption will go down drastically. On festive days, there may be a surge in demand due to pandals and street lighting. But in the absence of industrial load, it will make it easy to handle the domestic and commercial load,\" he pointed out.The city consumes 1,300-1 ,400MW and rural Bangalore consumes around 645MW. In terms of million units (MU), the total Bangalore consumption varies between 140 and 143 MU. Bescom managing director P Manivannan said they anticipate 150MW extra load during the Diwali festivities and it could be easily managed as there is enough allocation.But a crisis, Bescom officials feared, could be precipitated before February 2013 only if the Bellary Thermal Power Station does not get its quota of coal supply.POWER THIEVES, WATCH OUTA Bescom vigilance team is on the field during the ongoing Diwali celebrations to look out for pandals or street lighting drawing power on the sly.\"We do get minute-by-minute update on the load demand from each and every feeder and can find out the unauthorized load centres. Culprits will be booked for violation,\" WM Sivakumar warned on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17187479", "title": "Ailing Sena chief gets late courtesy call", "text": "Former President Pratibha Patil personally called on the ailing Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray on Saturday, but it appears that it was a little too late. Five years ago, when Patil was elected as President, members of the Thackeray family had expected that she would pay a courtesy call on the senior Thackeray soon after. Reason? Bal Thackeray was the first politician to declare support for Patil when her candidature for the post was declared. This was mainly because of the fact that Patil was the first woman President and the first Marathi person to be elected to the highest constitutional post. Then Thackeray had asked all Shiv Sena MPs and legislators to vote in Patil's favour. A day after Thackeray declared support for her, the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and Patil's spouse, Devisinh Shekhawat, had called on Bal Thackeray to thank him. But on the other hand, Thackeray's decision put him in a spot so far as coalition dharma was concerned. Senior BJP leaders L K Advani , Murali Manohar Joshi and Gopinath Munde had also met Thackeray, saying that since Bhairaosingh Shekhawat was the NDA's official candidate, it would be most appropriate for the Sena to support his nomination. A firm Bal Thackeray had then made it clear that his decision to support Patil's candidature was final and that there would be no rethink on it.Thackeray even mentioned that he was fully aware of the coalition dharma, but since it was a Marathi candidate, he was ignoring the dharma. Subsequently, when Patil was elected as President, members of the Thackeray family were expecting that she would call on the senior Thackeray, but citing protocol reasons, she didn't meet Thackeray when she was in office.In the larger interest...Maharashtra Gazetted Officers' Association, led by G D Kulthe, a retired sales tax officer, who has taken up the cause of the officers, has played a crucial role in ensuring that whistleblower chief engineer Vijay Pandhare withdraws his voluntary retirement application. Ever since the association was formed well over a decade ago, it was assumed that it will work only for more salary benefits of the officers and protection of controversial and erring officers. Surprisingly, initiatives taken by the association has even stunned the administration. Whether in the transfer policy of officers or the row over declaration of assets, the association has taken a firm stand. When Pandhare, who had successfully exposed the Rs 36,000 crore scam in the irrigation department, which resulted in the resignation of the deputy CM, it was expected that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will discuss as to why he quit the job and urge him to withdraw his VRS application. While Chavan did not take the lead, Kulthe managed to persuade Pandhare to withdraw his resignation. Senior office-bearers of the association knocked at Pandhare's door and impressed upon him the need to withdraw the resignation in the larger interest of the state and for streamlining the administration. Pandhare obliged them. Of course, Pandhare's decision to stay in the government means more trouble for the NCP-controlled water resources department.In a bindFor the 70-odd 1984 batch IAS officers, including more than half a dozen from Maharasthra, who recently attended the mid-career training programme for bureaucrats, the lessons may be a tad difficult to digest. Meant for those babus who had completed 26 to 28 years in the IAS, the training programme aimed to brush up their skills and improve their performance. While one month of the training is conducted abroad, the remaining training is at the IAS academy in Musoorie. After completing their training abroad, when the bureaucrats landed at the IAS academy, the inaugural address was by minister of state in the PMO, V Narayanswamy, who (in his long lecture) passed strictures against CAG Vinod Rai and as to how he was exceeding his brief and how he was wrong in probing the Coalgate scam. Surprisingly, the valedictory address was by Rai, who at length justified his probe into the 2G spectrum and Coalgate scam. Rai made it clear that it was well within the powers of the CAG to examine the policy and asked the bureaucrats to make their views clear on the policy, if it was wrong and ill-conceived. Back from the training, the babus are in dilemma, whether to follow Narayanswamy or Vinod Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17187392", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSugar-free is not necessarily healthy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dieticians say getting away from sugar is harder than you think. Help yourself, by all means, only, plan your meals in a way that you compensate. \"A 'ladoo' has 15 to 20gm of carbohydrates, equivalent of a chappati or a toned glass of milk. So one can either skip a chappati or milk for a ladoo,\" Madhu Sharma calculated.But these are quick fix changes ideal for a day of festival splurging, no more. Don't even think of indulging your sweet tooth at the cost of food or you will take empty calories with little nutrition, warn dieticians.\"Essential nutrients in food cannot be replaced by sweets made of 'maida' and sugar. Sugars are very harmful for the body. Fatty liver is common among those who consume food high in fructose, such as aerated drinks (soft drinks),\" Sonia Gandhi, senior clinical nutritionist at a Mohali-based hospital, said.However, when it comes to business, the sugar-free label is a lucrative one. Sweet meats supposedly low in calories and sugar are in huge demand. Suraj Kumar, manager of a sweet shop in Sector 8 said, \"There is great demand for low calorie sweets like finger baklava and pyramid baklava. In sugar free we have 'kalakand', 'rasmalai', 'anjeer' and khajoor barfis'.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186039", "title": "Maoists take up pen to fight for rights", "text": "RANCHI: The Red rebels have, at last, realized how pen can be mightier than sword, or firearms in this case. That only education can get them closer to achieving what is rightfully theirs is encouraging many Maoists in the state's different correctional homes to take up learning.Since 2010, about 230-odd Maoists in Jharkhand's Hotwar correctional home have written examinations through open schools. Of them, 94 rebels have appeared for degree examinations, 89 have taken board examinations and 48 intermediate examinations.Inspector general (jail) S S Tiwari said Maoists lodged in all 27 correctional homes in the state are studying.\"Many Maoists have realized that waging a war against the state is futile and want to be part of the mainstream,\" said Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan.Madhup Munda alias Rohit Munda, an aide of hardcore Maoist Kundan Pahan, surrendered last year to pursue higher studies. In September this year, Munda took admission in a post-graduate course under Ranchi University.\"Only education can get me my rights. I want to help children in my village acquire knowledge that will change their lives,\" said had Munda, who was a brilliant student in school. Inside the correctional home at Hotwar, the former rebel spends most of his time studying.There are other instances of former rebels engaged in teaching in remote areas. Thimbu Oraon, a former Maoist, has turned a champion of education in the extremely backward Badri village in Gumla. Oraon, who has been teaching hundreds of poor children for the past four years, has also got financial aid from political leaders for the school building.A former area commander of CPI Maoists, Maheshwar Murmu, teaches 120 children at Lango village in East Singhbhum. Shanti Devi, who was part of the Maoist group that looted Bokaro police station in 2003, has taken up teaching at Dhanbad correctional home.According to police, many Maoist sympathizers are working as para teachers and the number is increasing.Prakash Pandey, general secretary, Jharkhand Para Teachers Association, agreed, \"I know few former rebel sympathizers who have become para teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188507", "title": "Sale of LED chandeliers goes up despite restriction on use of power", "text": "KOCHI: Despite the curb on electricity consumption and power tariff hike, the sale of chandeliers (ornamental lamps) with light-emitting diode (LED) bulbs is on the rise in the city.Earlier, ordinary bulbs and compact fluorescent lamps (CFL) were being used in chandeliers. But now LED bulbs have replaced them. However, the cost of LED chandeliers is four times higher than those using CFL. The price of chandeliers varies from Rs 2,500 to Rs 1.5 lakh. And many shops sell 20-30 chandeliers of various sizes and design every month.Shop owners in the city claim that there is no decline in business as more number of houses is coming up across the state. They are getting orders from Thiruvananthapuram, Kozhikode and Kannur.\"The market for LED chandeliers is slowly picking up as customers want to reduce their electricity bill. The high durability of LED lights, which is one lakh working hours compared to 10,000 hours of the CFL, has also contributed to people opting for LED lights,\" said an official with Jos Electricals Corporation.He said they were expecting good business during December to March as the number of housewarmings was more in these months. \"Demand is mainly from house owners,\" he added.A 5-watt LED emits the same amount of light as that of 140-watt CFL. \"They come in fancy colours and are more compact and attractive than CFL chandeliers. But large LED chandeliers are not available in the market,\" said Jos Electricals Agencies' manager K J Santhosh.Many shop owners also said they were unable meet the rising demand for this product.Glamour Lights partner Hashim M said as chandeliers were being used for decorative purposes the restriction on use of electricity was not impacting the business. Chandeliers are now being brought mainly from China and the Gulf countries..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186559", "title": "Ashok Gehlot blames dead politicians for making tall promises", "text": "JAIPUR: Projecting Congress as the only party to have cracked a whip on corrupt practices, chief minister Ashok Gehlot took a dig at three dead politicians for making tall promises without 'intention' to fulfill them.Speaking at a function on Sunday, Gehlot blamed - Jayaprakash Narayan, former Rajasthan chief minister and vice-president Bharion Singh Shekawat and former Prime Minister V P Singh - of projecting themselves as stalwarts against corruption but failed to curb the menace of corruption.\"They made tall promises before the nation of acting against corruption but they forget when it comes to act. It was Congress which gave the Right to Information Act empowering the masses to crack down on corruption,\" Gehlot said. He was addressing a conference marking the birth anniversary of former education minister Maulana Abul Kalam Azad at Indira Gandhi Panchayati Raj Institute.On the occasion, Mahir Azad, chairman of the Minorities Commission, Rajasthan, has urged the chief minister to recognize degrees from Jamia Urdu, Aligrah. He also demanded that the government to recruit more Urdu teachers to resolve the crises in Urdu government schools.Mahir Azad also lauded Maulana Abul Kalam Azad for his contribution to Indian education. \"Muslim youths can learn a lot from the life of Azad. His contribution to modern India has no match,\" Azad said.His views were echoed by Rajya Sabha MP Ashq Ali Tak, state Waqf Board chairman Liqukat Khan and state Madarsa Board chairman Maulana Fazle Haq.Azad also urged the community leaders to popularize the developmental policies for minorities for its better implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17185685", "title": "Thousands participate in Catholic procession", "text": "SHILLONG: Thousands of Catholics from across the northeast participated in the annual Eucharistic Procession in the city on Sunday. A large crowd, including tourists, joined the religious procession, led by Archbishop of Shillong Diocese, Reverend Dominic Jala. The procession, which started from the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians, was accompanied by little angels in white, who danced and sang their way to the Calvary for Holy Communion.People from remote parts of Meghalaya also participate in the celebration every year. Dressed in traditional attire, these people add colour to the festival. \"For many of them, this is the only occasion when they visit the state capital,\" a member of the church said. Chief minister Mukul Sangma and governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary were among the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188009", "title": "Experts call for better English teaching methods", "text": "MYSORE: Universities have to teach English as a language which will help students develop good communication skills, said College for Leadership and HRD director Sunney Tharappan.Speaking at the inaugural of one-day symposium on 'Teaching English language and literature in the contemporary Indian context: new horizons and challenges,' Tharappan highlighted the importance of spoken English in the modern times. He said learning English does not necessarily mean studying literature. Though literature could be a good approach to learn a language, the need of the hour is to teach practical English to students which will help them present themselves confidently to the outside world, irrespective of the industry or field of work they join, he pointed out.The major challenge in teaching spoken communication in English is to equip teachers of English language with an unconscious competence. For teachers this means a status of not doing anything except working for developing the specific competence among students, he added. The unwillingness on the part of teacher and student to experiment with development of communication competence is also one of the major challenges. \"There is a need for change and I am sure that teachers and students will understand it,\" Tharappan said.UoM VC VG Talawar observed that many students in UG fail in English while they score good marks in other subjects. This is a time to discuss whether the problem lies in the curriculum or in the teaching techniques teachers adopt, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17188504", "title": "Early winter drives away trekkers from HP", "text": "MANALI: Having already disappointed the state with thin movement of trekkers from across the globe this season, the high altitude Himalayan mountains are now wearing a deserted look after high possibility of early snowfall and extreme cold weather.The shrinking trekking season between summer and winter months is allowing only a small time period for trekkers to scale mountain ranges in Himachal Pradesh. Prolonged winter season has confined the time period for adventure activities to only five months in a year. According to tour organizers, the number of trekkers visiting Himachal this year was nearly half the previous year. In addition to economic crisis in the US and European countries, poor infrastructure in the state is also being blamed for decrease in number of trekkers visiting the state.\"The mountains which were crowded with trekkers from many countries are now enveloped with silence due to early winter. Trekking as an adventure activity has been badly hit by the unpredictable weather,\" said owner of Silk Route Journey, Vijender Kumar. Over two lakh tourists from abroad - mostly from UK, France, US, Israel and Italy - visit the state for trekking, climbing and camping every year. Adventure enthusiasts from south India, West Bengal and Maharashtra have also been showing interest in mapping the Himalayan mountains over the years.\"Mountains are having winter-like conditions in September, which has confined the trekking season to just five months,\" said Mohit Gupta, owner of Himalayan Fantasies. Adventure tour organizers in the state also blamed poor air connectivity for low turnout of trekkers. Gupta claimed that many quality tourists who had booked their trekking tours in Himachal had to cancel their bookings due to lack of air connectivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17188402", "title": "Suri TMC leader attacks hospital staff with gun, held", "text": "SURI: An employee of the Suri municipality, reportedly a Trinamool Congress leader, allegedly threatened some employees of a private hospital here with firearms over some trivial issues. Some footages, captured on the hospital CCTVs, also showed that the accused, Ashis Dey, was roaming freely inside the hospital with the firearms.The Trinamool leader was later arrested by the police.Party MP Satabdi Ray and MLA of Suri Swapan Ghosh raised fingers towards some Trinamool leaders district president Anubrata Mondal and minister Chandranath Sinha for providing support to the accused.The manager of the hospital alleged in his complaint that Dey broke into the hospital late on Friday night and created an uproar over some petty issues. When the hospital staff tried to convince Dey, he took out a revolver and threatened the employees. The managing director of the hospital J P Khaitan confirmed that his manager Sushanta Dhar has already lodged a complaint against Dey and his associates. , ' On Friday late night a gang of miscreants raided our hospital and created uproar. Our employees requested them to leave the hospital . Then he took out the revolver and threatened the employees . Our manager Sushanta Dhar lodged a compliant against Dey and others.'Ray said, \"Ashis Dey doesn't belong to our party. He was suspended a couple of years back. But a section of our leaders are still backing him. With the support of these leaders, this man is damaging the image of our party.\" For the handful of such elements the image of the entire party is at stake. I would request those leaders of our party not to support the misdeeds of that man. I never allow that man to share my dais. He does not come to any of my meeting but he shares dais with some other senior leaders.'Though Ray did not mention the names of the leaders, Ghosh accused the party's district president Anubrata Mondal and minister Chndranath Sinha of providing support to Dey. Ghosh said: \"Dey is known as an antisocial in this area. A couple of years ago he was suspended from the party by general secretary Mukul Roy. But till recently, he was found sharing the dais with district president Anubrata Mondal and minister Chandranath Sinha.\"They indulged him in doing a number of misdeeds. That man harassed and tortured common people in this area but no action had been taken against him just because he is close to Mondal and Sinha .'Mondal said that police should take proper action if Dey is found guilty. SP, Murlidhar, said that they have received the complaint on Sunday and effort is on to nab the accused, who is absconding.Armed with fire arms a known 'TMC leader' and employee of Suri municipality Ashis Dey was caught red-hand in the close -circuit television of a private hospital . It was found that Dey threatened a group of hospital employee at gun-point at late night in the hospital lobby.In a compliant lodged by the manager of the hospital it was alleged that a gang of miscreants led by Dey broke in to the hospital and created uproar over some trivial matter . When the employees tried to convince Dey he took out the revolver and threatened the employees. As soon as the incident came out the factionalism of the party . Party MP Satbadi Roy and MLA of Suri Swapan Ghosh directly raised finger against the party district president Anubrata Mondal and minister Chandranath Sinha.But after this incident Mondal did not shoulder the responsibility of Dey. He said, ' Ashis Dey is not our district leader. Police should take appropriate action if he is found guilty.' The mobile of Sinha received somebody else when contacted. The man told that Sinha was busy with other works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17188120", "title": "Closed smoke vents intensify blaze", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city has witnessed four major fire incidents in the last six days. It's quite a number when it comes to regular weekday calls of the fire department. However, in many of these emergency calls it was noticed that owners had covered most of the smoke escape vents that intensified the fire. Besides, the fire locations saw extensive use of plastic furniture, plastic accessories, use of polished furniture and fake ceilings made of plaster of Paris.However, a major flaw that the fire department saw in these buildings was a flawed duct system in the building. Be it the electric duct system between floors in a high-rise or floor gapping between various levels in a building, the owners had not taken precautions. \"The duct system, like in Safal Pegasus, had led the smoke to reach all floors. It should be such that it terminates at one floor and does not carry the smoke and fire to other floors. So far as furniture is concerned then public places like restaurants and commercial complexes should avoid using plastic, artificial accessories and inflammable substance. There are a lot of fire resistant materials available in the market,\" says a senior fire department official.The officer further adds, \"Fire vents in commercial buildings are generally covered with glass, because of rain water seepage, bird infestation and dust. This should be stopped and such complexes should be penalized. It is because of such carelessness that fire accentuates in buildings and gives us less time to react and conduct successful rescue operations,\" adds the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17188005", "title": "It will be a challenging year for me: Umesh Yadav", "text": "NAGPUR: Umesh Yadav, who became the first player to play Test cricket from Vidarbha, has just completed a fruitful year on the international circuit. He has had a few ups and downs, but has not lost his pace or zeal. The rookie pacer is gearing up for the upcoming series against England where he will bowl to top batsmen like Kevin Pietersen, Alastair Cook, Jonathan Trott and Ian Bell. Yadav, who decimated Haryana in the opening Ranji encounter last week, spoke to TOI about the journey so far. Excerpts:You had a fabulous start to the season with five wickets against Haryana...It was just a kind of start I was hoping for. I was excited to play Ranji Trophy after two years and had planned certain things for this game. I knew it would also be the only game I would get before the England series, so I needed to make it count. Thankfully, things went as per plan.New Zealand series didn't go the way you would have liked...I was a bit disappointed because I had bowled well in the IPL and was in good rhythm. May be I was trying too hard and too many different things. I had prepared well for the series as we were playing Tests after nearly six months. I could have definitely bowled better.How do you evaluate yourself after one full year in international cricket?I have improved a lot since I made my debut - the more you play, the better you become. I have bowled against four different international teams. Each team has its own style and approach to the game. Each batsman is different from the other. The important thing is to learn from mistakes and not to repeat them. This is something I have learnt from Zaheer bhai. Last year, the rival teams didn't know much about me but now they have a fair idea about my strengths and weaknesses. So, it's going to be a challenging year for me.Zaheer Khan has become a role model for fast bowlers in India. How has he helped you?He has been a great help. He often tells me what length to bowl on which surface. It's amazing how much control he has and that's what I am learning too. Sometimes you lose your patience when you don't get movement in the air or off the surface. He has shown me how to be effective.You struggled with fitness three years ago, but you seem to be supremely fit now...I had just completed my first year in first-class cricket in 2009. As I was an athlete in my school days, I thought it was enough to maintain my fitness, but after I suffered a stress fracture in my lower back, I started to understand more about my body. Now I know it better. It's just like oiling and greasing a vehicle. I know which part of my body needs strengthening because when you bowl at 140 km/hr, there is bound to be wear and tear.Talking about rest, do you feel it's important to have breaks?Certainly... I was continuously playing for three years before that. It gave me time to recover not only physically but also mentally. I worked on my fitness during the break and also spent some time with my family. I also worked a lot on muscle strengthening after the IPL.How are you preparing for the England series and what are your expectations?The preparations have been good. I have been amongst wickets. I am confident that we will do well. All our players have played in Ranji Trophy. It will help. It's definitely a big series. England are a good side, but we will definitely have advantage at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187160", "title": "Will not flock out of Mumbai or curtail business: Meru", "text": "MUMBAI: Meru Cabs, on Sunday, through a press release, said that that they had no plans to flock out of the city or to curtail business in Mumbai as reported by a section of media.\"In fact, we will continue to grow our business here by providing highest quality of consistent service,\" said Meru CEO Siddhartha Pahwa.Pahwa said, \"With more than 2,000 cabs in the Mumbai metropolitan region, Meru is the market leader in the city. At present, we are looking at replacing some of our fleet with new and better vehicles.\" He said that the city was a \"good and favourable\" market and there was a huge demand for fleet cabs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187101", "title": "Food security arrangement for 71 lakh BPL families", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has made food security arrangements for 71 lakh below poverty line (BPL) and extremely poor families in the state, a government spokesperson claimed on Sunday.In the state, 55.69 lakh BPL families are being provided wheat and rice at concessional rates through fair price cards. Food grains are being provided at extremely low rates to more than 15.81 lakh families under Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) implemented in the state for extremely poor people. Concerned with better health of SC, ST people, the state government is providing iodised salt to them at Re. one per kg, the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191179", "title": "Deepak Tijori and wife hit back at eviction notice", "text": "Asked by his housing society to get out within 31 days, 'rude' actor Deepak Tijori, in a legal response, has termed the eviction as illegal. The Tijoris have also accused the society management of targeting them for objecting to an illegal film shoot inside the society.On November 10, TOI had reported how Goregaon's Garden Estates Co-op Housing Society had served a notice to the actor and his wife Shivani, listing a string of reasons for its decision to expel the couple, ranging from being rude to non-payment of dues to the fact that 'they don't take their pet to the designated area for a pee'.The Tijoris have owned two flats on the ninth floor of the 24-storey building since 2006, and lived there since 2009. The decision to expel them was taken after a vote at an AGM last Sunday . The meeting and the vote were videographed and the resolution has been sent to the Registrar, requesting expulsion under section 35 of the Maharashtra Co-operative Housing Societies Act.On Sunday, Shivani Tijori, in a statement mailed to us, said, \"We had never heard of people being expelled from their own homes. Expulsion from one's home is done only if one is a terrorist or one is likely to cause grievous harm to others. What they're doing is completely illegal and we're taking legal action.\"The legal response to the society - a letter by the Tijoris' lawyer Ajay Panicker - described the Housing Society's expulsion of the couple as \"patently illegal\". It also accused the society's management of illegally extorting money from the residents, and even pointed that the managing committee has been asking them to pay house tax from a year before they got possession of the house.In another letter to the society members, Shivani Tijori tried to discredit all the allegations made against them point-by-point adding that \"the repeated postings on the notice board by the society is an attempt to spite them and amounts to defamation.\"Speaking on the actor being 'rude' to the society chairman V N Poddar, Shivani said that, on the contrary, it was the chairman who insulted her for objecting to a film shoot in the society's refuge area. \"We've been living in this building where a handful of people, including me and my husband, have been questioning the way this building is run, and it has not gone down with the management,\" she said.\"Please correct me if I am wrong,\" she added, \"but shooting in the refuge area is against fire safety rules. How can the management cite fire safety to stop us from keeping flower pots in the refuge area and then allow a full-fledged film shoot - including construction of a set -- there?\"Shivani added that she and her husband don't want to inconvenience the society with a legal action, but they have been left with no choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17186943", "title": "Swine flu in Delhi; cases may rise with winter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue is not the only virus Delhiites should be wary of. H1N1 influenza or swine flu, a disease that gained epidemic proportions in 2009, has also been quietly spreading in the capital.In the past two months, AIIMS has admitted at least 12 patients suffering from swine flu, said Dr Randeep Guleria, professor in the medicine department. Ram Manohar Lohia hospital's medical superintendent, Dr T S Sidhu, received 20-25 cases this season.One patient who had developed serious respiratory problems due to the flu was recently admitted to Apollo hospital, a senior doctor said.Health experts fear the number of cases will rise as winter sets in, as the disease spreads through the air and not via a vector, as in dengue. The disease was at its most virulent form when it initially spread in 2009. Till May 2010, 1,035 people had died of the disease in India and more than 10,000 were infected.H1N1 influenza is treatable with Tamiflu and preventive vaccinations are available too, Guleria said.'Little chance of swine flu turning into an epidemic'\"H1N1 influenza is characterized by sore throat, bodyache and respiratory problems like difficulty breathing. In most cases, the symptoms are mild and subside within a few days. But those who have difficulty in breathing, drowsiness or blood in the sputum must see a doctor,\" said Dr Guleria.\"Those at high risk, such as the elderly, diabetics, those with kidney problems, cancer patients and pregnant women should get themselves vaccinated for the disease,\" he added. Dr Suranjit Chatterjee, senior consultant at Apollo Hospital, said a 40-year-old man was admitted wi8th sw8i8ne flu last month. \"His condition was serious and he was ke8pt in ICU. Isolation is not required for the disease,\" he said.Health experts say while there was a need to be prep8a8r8ed, chances of swine flu gaining epidemic proportions was remote. \"A large population has been exposed to the virus already and they have developed immunity to it. Also, we now have medicines and even preventive vaccines,\" said Dr Sarman Singh, professor of microbiology at AIIMS.Delhi health minister A K Walia said he would hold a review meeting on Monday to discuss the spread of various diseases, including swine flu and dengue, with top health officials. \"I will seek details about the spread of swine flu. Necessary steps will be taken, as may be required, to control the disease,\" Walia said.Dr N V Kamat, director, health services said all hospitals had been apprised of the health ministry guidelines for treatment of swine flu.H1N1 influenza spreads from person to person through coughing, sneezing or through touch.\"One should wash hands frequently to avoid infection. Also, stay away from infected persons,\" a senior doctor said. Dr Purushottam Lal, chairman of the Metro group of hospitals, said that heart patients need to be extra careful as the H1N1 influenza infection, if not diagnosed in time and treated, may prove fatal for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187811", "title": "Dengue fever most googled in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Dengue fever seems to be worrying Indian netizens - with the NCR taking the lead. According to Google search trends the past 30 days reflects that Indians are searching online to make sure that they are safe from the dreaded fever. Interestingly, Gurgaon is the second most worried cities in the country, with high search volumes based out of this location.\"With veteran Bollywood filmmaker Yash Chopra's death owing to multiple organ failure, %triggered by dengue, and the increasing number %of the disease cases being reported throughout the country, it seems that Indians are searching on%line to make sure that they are safe from the %dreaded fever. Our search trends in the past one month reflect this worry and shows that the %highest volume of searches related to dengue have been related to its symptoms,\" said a Google spokesperson.Also, triggered by the recent posts on various %social networking sites about the medicinal %properties of papaya in curing dengue, the plant %has seen rising searches on Google. From a %regional interest perspective, Haryana, Tamil Nadu and Delhi are the top three states that have %been searching for dengue. Gurgaon and Noida are the second and third most worried cities in the country.An interesting point to note is that the search for dengue peaked on October 22, the day when Yash Chopra passed away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187124", "title": "Engineers to be trained by BMC to set up its own R&D; cell", "text": "MUMBAI: After facing flak for encouraging private consultants to execute civic projects, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to form a research and development (R&D;) cell.The civic body is in the process of training its engineers who have a degree in masters in technology and masters of engineering. The best of the lot will be included in the cell. Civic sources said there are over 100 such qualified engineers. They will be trained in batches and around 25 of the best of the lot will form the cell.In the last three years the civic body has spent Rs 110 crores as fees to the various private consultants appointed by them for various projects, however most of the projects are far from complete.The data sourced from the finance department of the civic body shows there are over 65 consultants currently working with the civic body. In 2009-2010 the amount paid to these consultants total Rs 51.8 crore, the amount was Rs 38 crore and Rs 20.2 crore in 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 respectively.\"We will first ask these engineers to monitor the work of the consultants and gradually the consultants will be phased out,\" said a senior civic official.\"Rather than spending money on the consultants the BMC should take up intensive training programmes for its engineers. There is no effort of capacity building from the civic body's end,\" said Samajwadi Party leader Rais Shaikh. He has raised the issue of the ineffectiveness of the consultants in the standing committee meetings.Consultants play a major role in planning water supply projects, building storm water drains, solid waste management and the roads department. There have been instances when the civic body has had to shell out more money due to the faulty planning of the consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186067", "title": "Colourful end to Reminanza", "text": "RANCHI: The alumni meet of the rural development department of Xavier's Institute of Social Services (XISS), Reminanza, concluded on Saturday on a festive spirit.Song performed by Sonu Ekka \"chalte chalte mere ye geet yaad rakhna, kabhi alvida na kehna\" mesmerized all. and also presented a clear thought of people present in the institute.The two-day programme was inaugurated by the principal secretary of the social welfare department of the state government and a former student of XISS Mridula Sinha. \"Being here gives a feeling of being back at home. I have many sweet memories related to the institution and it's like reliving them,\" she said.XISS director Fr Alex Ekka said none of the institution of the country gave as much importance to rural camps like they did. \"These camps help the students to know the truth of rural areas and give them a chance to interact with the people their and know their problems.\"The inaugural programme was followed by a seminar on corporate social responsibility (CSR).Head of corporate social sector, Tata Steel , Biren Bhuta, said, \"There is need for preserving our culture in state like Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Odisha as it is on the verge of becoming extinct. Preserving and protecting the environment is also a very important part of CSR.\"The seminar was followed by a colourful programme marked by solo dance, solo song and ethnic ramp walk by the XISS students. The XISS former students enjoyed a picnic at Rukka dam the next day. In the evening, various cultural events like tribal dance, dance by slum children, musical skit and poetry were organized.On the occasion director Fr. Alex Ekka, deputy director Fr. Ranjit Pascal Toppo and HoD Prof. MH Ansari gave memento to 54 alumni of the department.Alka Singh, a former student, said, \"It was like reliving the college life. It was really good to meet old friends.\" We have promised each other that we will always be in touch and will meet every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17186472", "title": "Sweet win for Elina Svitolina", "text": "PUNE: Kimiko Date-Krumm finally found her match. The 42-year-old from Japan had consistently outsmarted opponents half her age this week. But on Sunday, in 16-year-old Elina Svitolina, she ran into a rival who proved to be equally wily.The Ukrainian carried that extra bit of power that put paid to Date-Krumm's hopes of becoming the oldest winner on the women's circuit.Serving with variety and hitting with clever change of pace, Svitolina won 6-2, 6-3 in the final of the $125,000 Royal Indian Open to lift her maiden WTA title.The Challenger event, introduced for the first time in women's tennis, is a rung above the ITF tournaments and one tier below the Tour events. Victory would have seen Date-Krumm erase the record of American Billie Jean King seven months and 23 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191889", "title": "Bursting crackers is unfair to pets: Anushka", "text": "Anushka Sharma has reasons to smile this Diwali. Her film 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' directed by Yash Chopra releases on Diwali day thereby making the festival more special for her.Undoubtedly this would be a memorable Diwali for the actress but we ask her about her earlier memorable moments and she says, \"My best memory of Diwali is the food that used to be made in my house on Diwali, as my mother used to go all out to make the best food one could think off. After burning the fire crackers we would come back home to a good meal, it was the best way to end Diwali.\"The actress now endorses environmental-friendly Diwali and says, \"I have stopped bursting crackers around six to seven years ago as I think it is not good for the environment. Also the day I saw how my friend's dog was petrified due to the firecrackers, I just stopped bursting crackers for good as I felt it's really unfair to the pets\".\"I hope we can practice the festival in a safe manner and not create nuisance for other people, have respect for your neighbours and enjoy the festival in the right spirit\", signs off the actress on a positive note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17187795", "title": "Literacy clubs witness huge turnout, school students get taste of legal world", "text": "GURGAON: Launched as a drive to make school students aware of the country's legal system and set up, but the legal literacy clubs turned out to be a great hit among them. Not only the students came to know about the difference between real courts and 'adalats' which they see in movies and daily soaps but also where and whom to approach for legal help.Speaking on the occasion of National Legal Services Day, Chief Justice of the Punjab and Haryana high court AK Sikri said the objective is to assist poor, illiterate and needy people in getting justice by extending legal help. \"We want school children to help us in fulfilling our objective\" he added. Sikri said there are plans to include basic legal knowledge in the school syllabus to help students in knowing law and their rights.Sikri, along with Justice SK Mittal, was present at Amity International School ( Power Grid ) to address the gathering including students, lawyers and school principals and tell them about the initiatives taken by district legal services authority to promote the knowledge of legal right among them. Mittal said \"Over 100 such literacy clubs were set up in various schools to educate the senior students about the laws relevant in our day-to-day life. And the objective behind targeting students for legal knowledge was that they are the right ones to spread the message further to their parents as well as society\".Senior advocate Kulbhushan Bhardwaj, also former bar association president says the students have been involved in this exercise. They can bring awareness and change in the society. In day-to-day life, we have to confront legal situation therefore it is must for us to know how to take help of law in our favour\". He further said the club, which will conclude on Friday, is headed by the school principal as its chairman, lecturer as member-secretary, a retired or working lawyer and students as members.Another initiative taken is to offer free legal aid to women. An advocate has been attached to every police station so that women can get immediate legal assistance in case of any incident. The women complainants just need to write to the chief judicial magistrate to take assistance.Another senior counsel Durgesh Boken said to start with, Class IX to XII students were involved in these clubs but soon the students from colleges and other vocational institutes will also be included. The success of the programme could be understood from that enthusiasm with which school students discussed the social issues with the lawyers and other participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187162", "title": "AI staffer acquitted in carpet scam", "text": "MUMBAI: A special trial court has exonerated a former Air India employee, M L Thatte, accused of being involved in a carpet scam that hit the national carrier 18 years ago and caused it a loss of $550,000 (over Rs 3 crore at the current rate). The case, a major scam in the mid 90s, revolved around purchase orders and advance payments made to a US-based company for supply of nearly 48,000 sq m of carpet in 1994-95, which were never received.Thatte, then posted in New York as regional stores and purchase manager of AI, was accused of changing terms of payment and conspiring with a US-based carpet company to cheat AI by paying in advance for 15,000 sq m of carpet on behalf of the airline and not waiting for delivery. But the court said Thatte was \"made a scapegoat\" by senior AI officers \"who were to be blamed for the scam\". CBI special judge M V Kulkarni slammed the investigation agency for \"poor\" probe and failing to \"find the real culprits\".The judge said, \"It was for the IO to have investigated thoroughly.\" He said there appeared to be quality issues with the carpet yet then Mumbai-based AI deputy director (purchase) V K Verma and other officers insisted on placing orders with the same supplier.Thatte faced trial for criminal misconduct by public servant under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The case lodged against him in 1998, landed in court in 2001 and 11 years and 19 witnesses later, long after the carpets must have faded, the court acquitted him, holding that \"no blame can be put on the accused\".The judge said Thatte \"acted in the most diligent manner\". He rejected public prosecutor Usha Makasare's arguments that the guilt was proved and that Thatte was responsible for changing payment terms. Thatte, through his counsel Mihir Gheewala, said not only was there no case against him, it was Thatte who raised objections and sent several telex messages to the Mumbai head office, questioning the propriety of a change in terms of payment from within 30 days of invoicing to \"within ten days\". But the prosecutor said Thatte had given vague replies in an inquiry conducted by AI, but admitted that Verma decided on payment terms and had made it \"within 10 days of invoicing\". Verma denied receiving any telex message.In 1994, AI needed carpets and a US company Penslyvania Woven Carpet Mill won the bids to supply carpets. The company initially shipped 9000 sq m to Mumbai, but the samples were rejected by a quality control laboratory in the city. The company soon went into liquidation and payments made by AI were lost. Thatte was blamed, later sacked.Gheewala argued that Thatte had only \"followed instructions received from the Mumbai head office. The decisions regarding purchase and payment were made by Verma, he said. There was a broker Hiren Sheth, who paid \"commissions\" to AI officers for the purchase orders, he added. Makasare said there is \"a possibility that Thatte received commission for the transaction from the agent and sent the money to a Swiss Bank account\".But the judge, after going through the testimony of nine AI officers, concluded that \"senior officer Verma ( a witness in the case) who admittedly received (Thatte's) telex message kept mum for obvious reasons\". The judge said, \"If the payment term was to pay within ten days of invoicing how can the accused be held responsible for change in payment term?\" Thatte also sought advice later from Mumbai office as carpets were piling up. The judge observed that \"three officers Anil Johri (engineering department), Prabhakar Joshi (aircraft purchase section) and Verma have tried to kick the ball towards one another\" and added, \"There is much force in the defence submission that had these gentlemen taken steps at the right moment, loss suffered by AI would have been prevented.\" The court said, \"It appears there were enquiries after enquiries in the (carpet) matter. The first axe fell on the accused. \"He was fired. Major punishment was suggested against Verma... Responsible officers were let off lightly,\" the court concluded.Unfolding the 18-yr-old caseIn 1994, Air India needed carpets and a US company, Penslyvania Woven Carpet Mill, won the bids to supply carpets. The company initially shipped 9000 sq m to Mumbai, but the samples were rejected by a quality control laboratory in the city. The company soon went into liquidation and payments made by AI were lost. Thatte was blamed, later sacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188589", "title": "Drinking water shortage hits many parts of Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: There is water shortage in many parts of the city but the Kerala water authority (KWA) has not been able to identify the reasons for disruption in the supply system.Areas like Thrikkakara, Kaloor, Ayyappankavu and High Court have been witnessing water shortage for the past two weeks.\"Residents have been complaining. The water supply to my house has also been affected. I have been calling up officials, but they are unable to even identify the reason for the disruption,\" said MLA Hibi Eden.KWA officials say they are having a tough time dealing with the old pipelines. \"We have been trying to rectify errors, but haven't been able to identify the reason for the disruption,\" said K Rajasekharan, superintendent engineer, KWA.\"The pipes were laid years ago, so it would be difficult to locate the area if a block develops at any point in the pipeline,\" he said. The district administration has decided to convene a meeting of people's representatives and KWA officials to sort out the issue.\"We have asked the collector to convene the meeting which will discuss the measures to be taken to provide water through tankers,\" said Eden.\"KWA does not even have the sketch of the pipelines. Only the contractors who used to do the maintenance work know anything about it,\" he said. \"Pumping from Aluva has not been affected,\" he said.After the supply was disrupted on the Ayyappankavu-High Court stretch, residents blocked Chittoor Road on Friday.\"We have been complaining for the past 15 days. But KWA couldn't solve the problem. So, we took up the matter with the councillors and the MLA,\" said Manuel Vivera, a resident in the area.\"Intervention by people's representatives seems to have borne fruit. KWA officials have started work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17192013", "title": "PGIMER withholds MD entrance results", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research ( PGIMER) here has withheld for an indefinite period the result of the 7,300 candidates who appeared for its MD entrance examination on Saturday after the CBI took 14 people, including seven girls, on remand till November 15 to probe a racket in solving the exam paper.\"The examination results have been withheld for an indefinite period. This is the status as of now. In normal circumstances, the results would have been declared the following day,\" PGIMER's spokesperson Manju Wadwalkar said here on Monday.Asked if there was a lapse on the institute's part and that it failed to detect that the accused girls, who are from Andhra Pradesh, were not meeting the eligibility criteria of having a valid MBBS degree for appearing in the examination, she said, \"when candidates apply for these exams, we only take photocopies of certificates from them. The original documents are only verified once the candidates have cleared the examination\".After the arrest of seven girls along with seven accomplices from here, CBI investigations revealed that the accused girls did not hold MBBS degrees and some were merely matriculates or Class XII pass and the agency is scrutinising the records submitted by the candidates.According to CBI sources, the 14 people arrested from Chandigarh, allegedly involved in answering questions of the post-doctoral exams at the prestigious PGI, Chandigarh, used to charge Rs 50 lakh per candidate.CBI had arrested 14 people from Chandigarh and detained three in Patna and one in Hyderabad after its sleuths swooped down on examination centres and arrested seven girls who were writing the exams with the help of blue-tooth hearing devices embedded in their ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17188284", "title": "Markets buzz with shoppers", "text": "PATNA: There was hardly any sign of inflation on the city roads on Sunday as Patnaites went all out on Dhanteras and splurged on expensive jewellery, electronic goods, automobiles, sweets, dry fruits and home decor products. And the trend of buying these items has been going northward for the past few years. Experts, however, believe that such trends are only among a particular section of people for whom acquiring expensive goods is a status symbol.Member-secretary, Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI), Shaibal Gupta said, \"According to a law of economics, the increase in the value of goods also makes it more alluring as it becomes a status symbol for people. For example, a section of people would go for Mercedes instead of a small car.\"Asked about inflation, Gupta said, \"Inflation does not bother 25% of the Indian population who are almost integrated with the first world and known for their pricey purchase preferences. Purchase of expensive goods on Dhanteras becomes a benchmark in their acquisition spree.\"He added, \"Such pattern is lubricated by easy bank loans. And, in case of Bihar, loans are easier to avail if you want to buy an expensive car rather than set up an industry.\"Manoj Kumar , who works at a private bank and was shopping for a cellphone at a branded retail outlet, said, \"Most of us from the middle class who have to buy some expensive article in the later half of the year, plan our purchases around Dhanteras.\"Be it expensive cars, smart phones or tablets, platinum and solitaires or real estate, Patnaites are seen with the latest models and trendy designs.President, Bihar Chamber of Commerce and Industries, O P Shah said, \"Trade has increased over the years and Dhanteras is an auspicious day for all business institutions. While the traditional reasons for buying gold or other goods are there, the increases in the purchasing power of people facilitated by easy bank loans are also reasons for huge business in this season.\"While talking about the market trend this Diwali a few days ago, one of the leading jewellers of the city said people in Patna have money and are ready to spend it as well.Professor Naval Kishore Choudhary of Patna University (PU) attributed the trend to the unequal distribution of wealth. \"The growth rate has increased and so has the state government's annual plan size. However, major parts of the funds are cornered by a small section of the population. According to an estimate, there is about Rs 26,000 crore worth of real estate business in Patna,\" he said.\"The demand pattern of the upper class and the upper middle class is very different from the lower class people whose priority comprises of basic needs, whereas the affluent people go for luxury goods. Since Patna has some more facilities compared to other districts, the affluent ones reside in the city and, hence, such indulgence on dhanteras,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17188069", "title": "Feeding strays gratifies her", "text": "She feels gratified feeding street dogs roaming around the DC's office. Sudha's day starts with cooking rice and sambar for them. Also, she does not forget to carry biscuits for them.The 40-year-old works as a cleaner at a public restroom situated near the DC's office. Sudha doesn't get monthly salary. But she uses the amount she gets from people who use toilet and park their vehicles in front of the DC's office for feeding the canines. She has been feeding the strays from past two decades. Initially, only two dogs were fed, but their number stands at 10 now. Besides feeding them meal, Sudha spends Rs 50 on biscuits daily.Speaking about Sudha's work, her 22-year-old son Ravi said she may skip her meal for want of money, \"but makes sure that the dogs are fed\".Hailing from Singaramaranahalli village of Hunsur taluk, Sudha came to Mysore two decades ago. She was at her native place when her husband cheated on her, leaving behind a year-old son. Recalling the past, Sudha said: \"Relatives and friends did not stand by me then. I came here to look after my son.\" Now, she doesn't want to trust anyone. She feels that dogs are loyal to her, \"unlike people\".Sudha and her son also have a street dog at their home in TK Layout. She adds that dogs are her extended family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17186586", "title": "Govt to allot new land for proposed international centre", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is all set to cancel the lease of the land near Jhalana institutional area which was allotted to the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). The confederation will now be allotted a new land to start the proposed Jaipur International Centre (JIC) project.The state's general administration department (GAD) had allotted approximately 12,000 square metre land to CII. However, as no construction has been the done on the piece of land, the state government has decided to cancel the allotment. It is expected that land will be allotted to CII at some other place for the project.\"Once the allotment is cancelled, the building for Engineering Staff Training Institute (ESTI) will be shifted to the proposed JIC land,\" a senior official said.The JDA will start work for constructing an international centre in the city in December after allocation of the new land. The decision was taken at a meeting recently headed by chief secretary C K Mathew who was also shown a presentation. The centre will now be constructed on the lines of India International Centre in New Delhi. It was earlier proposed that the upcoming centre will be based on the habitat centre.\"The estimated cost for constructing phase 1 of the international centre is Rs 71 crore. Tender has been floated in this regard and work is expected to start from December,\" JDA commissioner Kuldeep Ranka said.Recently, the JDA has identified 25,980 square metres of land near Akshay Patra behind JLN Marg for construction of the international centre. As per the design, the centre will have three auditoriums with the first one having a seating capacity of 700, while the other two will have 300 seats each.It is also proposed that the centre will have a conference and lecture halls having a capacity of 60, 80 and 100 seats. Along with that, a lawn, a restaurant, a lounge, a gymnasium, a banquet hall and a dinning hall are proposed. Underground and surface parking lots for 1,000 cars have also been proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17187893", "title": "Kannada kids' movie will promote hockey", "text": "BELGAUM: Five years ago, Chak De! India with Shah Rukh Khan stirred up people's interest in hockey. Now, Kannada film producer Gandsi Sadanandaswamy wants to do a similar 'chak de'. He is coming out with a movie on hockey called 'Supreme'.What many associations couldn't do, this hockey enthusiast says, he wants to do: promote the national game from grass root level through this children's film. As part of the movie, he will conduct U-14 hockey tournaments across the state; the final will be held in Belgaum at Nehru Stadium on November 23 and 24. \"This will not be a docu feature but have a story and loads of entertainment to engage the children's interest. Once a world powerhouse of hockey, today India is languishing at the far end of the scoreboard. Hockey is unable to compete with other glamorous sports, I want to take the sport to the children and strive for its promotion across the state through this film,'' said Gandsi.\"As a tribute to hockey greats like Major Dhyan Chand, the children in the film are named after the legends. It is our ambition to build hockey team in each village across the state. The jersey colour worn by Dhyan Chand during his last match will be worn by all the children taking part in the tournament,'' said Gandsi.Nearly 25,000 children are expected to come to Belgaum on November 24. Our concept is \"Dil do hockey ko', said Gandsi. Director Sanjeev Reddy said they plan to release the movie in March or April next year.Former Indian hockey player Subedar Sudhakar Chalke, who is coaching the children, said: \"This is a good initiative. I am ready to work for hockey round-the-clock.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17187913", "title": "Woman kills kids, commits suicide", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bodies of a 40-year-old woman and her two children were found on a paddy field in Brahmanipada village near Pipili on Sunday. Preliminary investigation suggested the woman committed suicide after killing her two children.Though the exact cause of the deaths is yet to be ascertained, police suspected the woman, Nirupama Bharati, poisoned her daughter Kandhei (10) and son Raja (5) before consuming the poison herself. Police found three poison bottles and two half-filled milk containers near the bodies, indicating that the woman fed poison-laced milk to her children.\"Preliminary investigation and circumstances leading to the deaths indicated she killed herself after ending the lives of her two children. It does not look like murder,\" Nimapada SDPO Sashisekhar Mahapatra said. \"Family discord might have driven the woman to take the extreme step,\" Mahapatra added.Police have came to know that the couple had a tiff on Saturday night after which she left the house with her children in a huff. They are interrogating the woman's husband, who married her after the death of his first wife a few years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17186533", "title": "Animal welfare bodies left with dogs from hospitals", "text": "CHENNAI: Three months after Chennai Corporation removed around 500 dogs and 70 cats from various government hospitals, the NGOs that offered to sterilize and temporarily house the animals are in a spot over where to release them.The Blue Cross, which sterilized close to 60 dogs picked up from the hospitals, is yet to decide where to release these animals. According to the Animal Birth Control rules, stray dogs have to be released in the place from where they were picked up to maintain balance of habitat.\"This is a problem for us as the dogs can't be released in medical institutions. Blue Cross usually houses dogs for up to five days. Post sterilization they are released where they were picked up,\" said Blue Cross Society general manager Dawn Williams.\"We are yet to decide on what to do with these animals. We are in touch with Corporation officials to decide the future course of action,\" he said, adding that they were considering putting the animals up for adoption.In September, the Chennai Corporation along with volunteers from the Blue Cross, Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and People for Animals removed 525 dogs, 16 cats and 3,048 rats from the city's government hospitals. The drive was launched after the body of a 12-day-old infant was eaten by rodents at the government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children in Triplicane.Around 60 dogs were sent to Blue Cross, and a few to People for Animals, according to Chennai Corporation officials. They said they did not know what happened to the rest of the animals. \"Our duty is to remove the dogs from the government hospitals. It is not our responsibility to follow up on the whereabouts of these animals. We just ensure that they are not released into the hospital premises again,\" an official said.Stray dogs, however, continue to lounge around in the corridors of the government hospitals. \"We are doing everything we can to chase the dogs away, but they keep returning. If there are more dogs than we can handle, we alert the Corporation or Blue Cross,\" said a senior official in the government women and children's hospital in Egmore.Animal activists have pinned the blame on hospitals for not keeping their premises clean. \"There is so much leftover food in hospitals, which attracts stray dogs. We are still figuring out a humane way to deal with the situation,\" said S Chinny Krishna, vice-chairman of Animal Welfare Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17186924", "title": "Two held for murder", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two youths were arrested for murdering a construction worker on Saturday night at Avinashi in Tirupur district. The deceased was identified as R Chinnadurai, 22, a construction worker of Avinashi. The accused include S Kalidass, 20 and S Pavithiran, 18, both construction workers from Avinashi.Police said R Guna alias Gunasekaran, 22, a construction worker, was residing at Ganguvar Street in Avinashi. His sister R Kalaivani, 18, is a freshman at a private college in Erode district. Kalidass was infatuated with Kalaivani but she was not responsive to his advances. Annoyed by his persistence, she told her brother Gunasekaran that she was tortured by Kalidass which caused a rift between Guna and Kalidass.On Saturday around 7.00 pm, Kalidass was chatting with his friend Pavithiran in front of Avinashi government hospital. Guna arrived and told Kalidass not to bother his sister. The latter became angry and beat Guna who immediately left to bring his friends Chinnadurai and B Kannan, 21. Meanwhile Kalidass went home and hid a knife in his pocket. Guna and his friends tried to attack Kalidass who stabbed Chinnadurai on his chest. Kannan was stabbed on his abdomen. Pavithran attacked both of them. Meanwhile the locals surrounded the culprits and tried to attack them. The Avinashi police rushed to the spot and arrested the youths.Chinnadurai was rushed to the government hospital where he died despite treatment. Kannan was referred to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) for advance treatment. Avinashi police registered a case under section 302 (murder) of IPC and a detailed investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17188406", "title": "Anti-dowry hubby features on TV show", "text": "KOLKATA: In March last year, 25-year-old Sahidul Islam, had set an example for the society. The Class IV dropout had gone against his own family for demanding dowry from his bride. The story of this changemaker featured on a television programme on Sunday after the show's research team read the TOI report, featuring him, dated March 31, 2011.Sahidul Islam looks like any other 25-year-old village youth. But the Class IV dropout set an example by going against his family for demanding dowry from his bride. The story of this changemaker featured on a television programme on Sunday after the show's research team read the TOI report, featuring him, dated March 31, 2011.Sahidul hails from Chowkpara village in Barasat's Noapara. On March 27 last year, he married his childhood sweetheart Arjuma.But the wedding was attended only by the bride's family since Sahidul's parents - Lutfar Ali and Rezia Bibi - had given it a miss. This was because the former had refused to let his parents take money from Arjuma's family for building a house.Though his parents had given in to his request, his younger brothers and uncles had vehemently opposed his decision. After the wedding, While the wedding took place under police protection, Sahidul shifted to Kolkata with his wife, since his family had refused to accept the match. Four months back, Sahidul, who works with Kolkata-based NGO Prantakatha, had a baby girl, following which his parents reconciled. But his brothers and uncles are still crossed with him.\"People in my village are backward. Due to lack of awareness, they still believe in customs like dowry. Though I could not get good education, I will try to give my daughter good education,\" said Sahidul.His story was so inspiring that it drew the attention of a production house and he featured on its Sunday episode. \"Sahidul has been a part of our organisation and we are proud that youths like him who attended school only up to Class IV stood up against dowry,\" said Bappaditya Mukherjee of Prantakatha.But the youth who studied up to class IV is a change-maker. He had challenged societal norms by standing up against his family who had demanded dowry from his bride. The story of this change-maker featured in a television programme on Sunday after the show's research team read the TOI report dated March 31, 2011.Sahidul, a resident of Chowkpara village in Barasat's Noapara, married his childhood love and neighbour Arjuma on March 27, 2011. His family had placed a pre-condition for the marriage: Arjuma's parents had to pay for the construction of a house. Efforts by Sahidul to make his family realize the evils of dowry did not pay off. Though his labourer father Lutfar Ali and mother Rezia Bibi reluctantly gave in, Sahidul's younger brothers and two uncles stood in the way. He was threatened of blood bath during the marriage ceremony if it took place without dowry.Sahidul who had started working with Prantakatha, a Kolkata-based NGO, sought police help. The marriage took place under police protection. Only the bride's family was present. Police even detained the groom's uncles and brothers during the ceremony so that the marriage did not get disrupted.After marriage the duo lived in Kolkata as Sahidul's family did not accept the alliance. Now Sahidul's parents have buried the hatches after Arjuma gave birth to a baby girl four months ago. But his uncles are brothers are still crossed with the Sahidul.\"People in my village are poor and backward. Due to lack of awareness, they still believe in customs like dowry. Though I could not get good education, I try to get my daughter good education,\" Sahidul told TOI.Representatives from the production house of the show tracked Sahidul and his story was aired on Sunday. The show features unsung heroes of the country by re-constructing their lives, their work and reality bites from the characters.\"Our organisation works in the fields like youth empowerment. Sahidul has been a part of our organisation and we are proud that youths like Sahidul who attended school only up to class IV stood up against dowry,\" said Bappaditya Mukherjee of Prantakatha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17188525", "title": "Himachal Pradesh University boys' hostel mess issue defies solution", "text": "SHIMLA: The hostel mess issue in Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) refuses solution, as mess contractors and students are at logger heads once again, with contractors warning closure of the messes. From the beginning of the term this semester in August, over 400 students in the boys hostels have been protesting by holding rallies and gheraoes over leasing out the messes to private contractors, food quality and inflated mess bills.In a joint meeting of students, contractors and varsity authorities held on Saturday, the contractors had warned of closing down the messes, reasoning that they are incurring losses as students are not ready to pay the bills, even as, due to vacations, there is hardly any student in the hostels. Though varsity authorities assured that a student-friendly decision would be taken, the students seem to be bent on not paying the inflated mess bills.Both ABVP and SFI have been carrying out protests since Thursday over the hostel mess issue. Campus president of ABVP, Kushal Kaundal said, \"Mess workers are on leave till Diwali and students were not given breakfast and other meals on Sunday. We had even given an option that out of the four messes, at least one should be kept running for the benefit of students who are still in the hostels till Diwali. But no heed has been paid to this option.\"President of Left-supported Student Central Association (SCA) of HPU, Rahul Chauhan, said, \"Varsity authorities have been taking anti-student decisions and are favouring privatization in the campus. The messes in boys' hostels were earlier being run on cooperative mess system basis, but the administration has done away with this system and contracted it out to private contractors, which has led to inflated bills of Rs 5 lakh within three months.\"Both the students' outfits have pointed out that examinations are set start soon and if students continue to face problems in hostel messes, they will resort to aggressive agitation and that the varsity administration will be responsible for the same.In September also, the SCA and SFI had protested the inflated bills and students had alleged that they were given exorbitant bills of food as of Rs 1,000 for even for a single day when most of students did not have meals in the varsity mess. At that time also, the leaders alleged that bills given to them were of huge amounts -- GH hostel Rs 1.18 lakh, HBS hostel Rs 1.63 lakh, Tagore Rs 1.25 lakh and Srikhand Hostel Rs 61,000 -- even when most of boarders had boycotted meals from these hostels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17187901", "title": "Poacher held in Chilika, 10 dead birds seized", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Wildlife personnel on Sunday arrested a poacher and seized carcasses of 10 migratory birds from him near Abhimanapur under Tangi forest range.The Tangi range being situated in Chlika wildlife division, the incident has created a flutter among wildlife activists. Chilika invites thousands of winged guests every winter from Northern Eurasia, the Caspian region, Siberia, Kazakhstan, Lake Baikal and the remote areas of Russia.The arrested person has been identified as Narendra Swain of Tatilagothapatna. The dead birds seized from him include four gadwalls, three purple moorhens and four large teals, said divisional forest officer, Chilika wildlife division, B P Acharya. Three other persons accompanying Swain, however, managed to flee, the DFO said.\"During regular patrolling, we saw four persons picking dead birds from the lake. The poachers had used a net to entangle the birds,\" said the ranger, Tangi Sarat Behera. This is the first poaching incident reported here in the current season.With migratory birds flocking Chilika in winter, the lake witnesses a rise in poaching incidents. \"We have set up 19 camps in the entire lake and deployed over 50 forest staff to keep a strict vigil on poaching activities,\" Acharya said. Besides, security forces have also been stationed in Sorana area, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188235", "title": "Cracker shops do brisk business ahead of Diwali", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The firecracker shops in the city have lined up a variety of colorful firecrackers, flowerpots and other fireworks as the city gears up to celebrate Diwali, the festival of lights, on Tuesday.Aerial fireworks like Hip Hop, Five-in-One and Avatar 50, that can burst into an array of colors to light up the sky, are the most sought after ones on offer at the temporary stalls set up in the Chalai market.\"Aerial fireworks have become a trend now. Such fireworks are capable of lighting up the sky with magical effect. 'Avatar 50' can burst 50 times in as many different colors. The Five-in-One gives five colours,\" said K Kumar, who has been selling firecrackers in Chalai for the past eight seasons.The shops display a wide variety of fireworks that would appeal to all age-groups. The 'toy crackers', which come in the shapes of popular cartoon characters like Tom and Jerry and Mickey Mouse, are a big hit among the children. \"Children mainly ask for toy crackers, ground chakra, twinkling star and snake egg big. There has been an increase in the production of innovative and colorful crackers focusing kids this season,\" said Nidhin, store-in-charge of Standard Fireworks.The elders who used to once enjoy bursting loud crackers now go for fancy crackers. \"There is a soaring popularity for colorful aerial crackers and flowerpots now. It is amazing to watch the magical visual extravaganza created by these fancy fireworks on Diwali,\" said Jayagopi, another shop owner.The fancy crackers like 'Chandramukhi' which bursts in twelve colours and 'Pop corn' which gives seven colours are also popular. 'Chandramukhi', incidentally, is named after a Tamil movie.Even though there is an increased demand for the fancy crackers there are also takers for the traditional Malapadakam, Charavedi and Amitt.\"The loud crackers are bought by the club members. Some come specifically for the 'Charavedi' which they use to compete with neighbouring clubs,\" smiled Jayagopi opening the box of the 350-meter-long garland made of 10,000 small crackers -- Bijili -- which is commonly known as 'Charavedi'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191482", "title": "TV stars' dance performances are hit amongst audience", "text": "Indian audiences are known to laugh and cry with their favourite Tellytown characters. But it's not just the tear-jerking sob stories which garner all the TRPs.People also love to see celebrations. And all celebrations are incomplete without its share of dancing and singing. Colourful costumes, a latest chartbuster, and a bunch of melodramatic situations entwined amidst the dance sequences; audiences can now see a lot of dance happening on the small screen.Actor Rithvik Dhanjani, who has had a fair share of romantic dance sequences on his daily soap Pavitra Rishta with co-star Asha Negi, who also shook a leg on the dance reality show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa , says, \"People love to see more and more dance, whether it is a dance reality show or in a daily soap. They really enjoy it, especially in a romantic sequence or a rain song.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188248", "title": "Tvm engineering college likely to host first online test", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city is likely to get one more examination centre for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test for Postgraduates (common medical post graduate entrance examination), with the College of Engineering here expressing willingness to conduct the exam.The National Board of Examination (NBE) authorities approached the Engineering College and conveyed their requirements for making it as a centre for the first-ever common online entrance test. \"We have expressed our willingness to make the college a centre . We have conveyed this to the NBE authorities,'' said V Gopakumar, principal, CET. The official confirmation regarding the centre would be announced on Monday. The centre could accommodate 1500 candidates. Candidates from the state have been demanding for an exam centre in the capital city, since several of them were allotted centres in north Indian and north-eastern states. Sources said NBE would provide an opportunity for re-option for those who have already applied at distant centres. This would be decided after Monday, the last date of registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17185733", "title": "Narcotics worth over Rs 3 lakh seized in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Government Railway Police (GRP) sleuths seized a huge consignment of narcotics from a train from Bihar at the Guwahati Railway Station on Saturday night. \"The consignment, with at least 8,200 tablets of spasmo proxyvon and 1,180 tablets of nitrosun 10, was hidden under a seat in the general compartment of Jha-Jha Express that travels from Bihar to Assam ,\" a security official said.The consignment is worth Rs 3,50,000 approximately in the black market. However, no one was arrested with the consignment. \"The carrier must have fled. The supply of such contrabands escalates during festive seasons. These drugs are very popular among the youth and we suspect that it was brought in for some Diwali parties,\" added the official.Sources said the demand for narcotics have increased with clubs and discotheques holding special events for Diwali in the city and other parts of the state.Meanwhile, the excise department and city police have been put on alert to check the supply and use of narcotics in the clubs and pubs. \"Our men will be deployed in and around the vulnerable points in the city in plain clothes. Our men will act in case of any immoral activity,\" a senior city police officer said.Earlier customs (preventive) sleuths revealed that the illegal pharmaceutical substance business has found a new market in the Myanmarese border of Manipur. It is reported that while ganja is supplied from this part of the country to Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, narcotics like drugs and phensedyl reach the northeastern states from outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17186390", "title": "Odisha, Kotla pitch delay Delhi's hurrah", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ferozeshah Kotla track dished out a test of patience for the Delhi and Odisha teams in their Ranji Trophy Group B encounter on Sunday.Starting the day with a 181-run lead, one assumed the hosts would pocket the game on the third day itself. But the low and slow nature of the wicket meant that the Odisha batsmen, having adopted a grittier approach than in the first innings, took the match into the fourth day with four wickets in hand and a 41-run lead.Things looked like taking their expected course when left-arm pacer Pawan Suyal hurled one back into the pads of opener Paresh Patel, and Odisha were one down having added just one run to the overnight total of seven. It was a game of patience from then on.Partnerships happened, in terms of time spent, and the bowlers kept coming at the batsmen and hoped for a mistake from the other end. Even as No. 3 Govind Podder (85) stitched 51 and 84-run stands for the next two wickets with Abhilash Mallick (26) and Biplab Samantray (47), followed by a 59-run effort by Samantray and skipper Natraj Behara (35*), Delhi captain Shikhar Dhawan knew his team was always in the hunt.\"There is hardly anything in this track because it was low and slow. Although it was tough to get people out, it wasn't easy to score freely as well. It was about who had the patience. I am happy my pacers showed character to bend their backs on this pitch,\" said skipper Dhawan after the game adding taking the last four wickets remains a task.To their credit, the Odisha batsmen showed good application. Knowing that the short ones would not trouble them, Podder and Co had few problems on the front foot. It took a tired Podder and an inspired Narwal to dislodge the former's off-stump. Once Samantray was snaffled by Suyal at first slip, the resistance seemed to give away with Rakesh Mohanty and wicketkeeper Haldhar Das losing their wickets, leaving Natraj with the tail to fight with on the last day.Brief scores: Odisha 143 &amp; 229/6 (G Podder 85, B Samantray 47; S Narwal 3/41, P Suyal 2/41) vs Delhi 331", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17188186", "title": "Minister orders probe into delay in shifting bodies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Health minister V S Sivakumar on Sunday instructed the director of health service Dr Jameela to probe into the allegations of a delay in shifting of two bodies from Ward 9 of the General Hospital to the mortuary on Saturday.After visiting the hospital on Sunday, the minister, asked the district medical officer to inspect the ward on a weekly basis and monitor the conditions of the patients admitted there. He also directed the installation of CCTV cameras inside the ward to monitor the patients closely. Measures will be taken to deploy more nursing attendants at this ward which houses around 80 patients. Destitute and economically backward patients are normally admitted to Ward 9 of the General Hospital.\"Strict action will be taken if we find that there was a deliberate delay on the part of the staff in shifting the bodies from the ward to the mortuary. The director of health service has been asked to submit a report,\" Sivakumar said after meeting the patients in the ward.The minister also asked hospital superintendent Dr Faseelath Beevi to visit Ward 9 every day and monitor the conditions of the patients. Instructions were also given to appoint 20 more attenders on daily wages at the General Hospital. An ad hoc monitoring committee will also be formed to monitor the conditions of patients in the ward.Earlier, DYFI and AIYF activists staged a protest when the minister reached the hospital. He later called them for talks and assured them strict action.The General Hospital had witnessed unruly scenes on Saturday evening when DYFI activists took out a protest march, alleging that authorities delayed shifting two bodies to the mortuary that forced 80-odd mental patients in the ninth ward to lie along with the bodies. The protesters had alleged that the hospital staff shifted the bodies of Kulathur native Babu and Jagathi native Lakshmikutty Amma, who died in the morning, at 9.30am and 10.45am, to the nearby mortuary only in the afternoon.However, the hospital administration denied the allegation and claimed that the issue was blown out of proportion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17187602", "title": "Mega blocks derail festive shoppers", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday's mega blocks on Central Railway, Harbour line and Western Railway dampened the spirit of shoppers ahead of Diwali.Commuters said several services were either cancelled or delayed. On Harbour line, passengers travelling from Navi Mumbai to CST were stranded as there were no services between Mankhurd and Kurla stations between 11am and 3pm. The delay caused overcrowding on platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17186103", "title": "Jailed politicians miss the lights", "text": "RANCHI: There was a time when hundreds of well wishers and supporters, including the who's who of the country, made a beeline to greet the then chief minister Madhu Koda at his residence. Many even returned without getting an opportunity to meet him owing to a huge rush of ministers and corporate bigwigs, all eager to extend Diwali greetings to Koda.For the last three years, the same man is celebrating the Festival of Lights within the confines of Birsa Munda Central Jail. Koda is in jail since November 2009 in connection with Rs 4000 crore scam.\"When everyone will celebrate with family and friends I will be sitting in the confines of the jail. I just can't understand that when even after three years the investigating agencies have failed to produce any concrete evidence against me, why are they opposing my bail,\" said Koda who had come to the district civil court on Saturday for one of the five cases for which he is facing trial.\"I cannot celebrate the festival with my family. My supporters, who used to celebrate Diwali with me, cannot come and share their greetings on the festive occasion. Life has become meaningless within the confines of the jail,\" said Koda.It is not that Koda is the only high profile man who will be celebrating the festival in the jail.Along with the former chief minister, his three cabinet colleagues Enos Ekka, Hari Narayan Rai and Bhanu Pratap Sahi and a sitting Congress MLA Sawna Lakh will also celebrate Diwali in the jail.Sources from the jail said Ekka and Rai will be celebrating Diwali for the fourth year in jail. For Sahi and Lakra it will be their second year.\"We know that festivals are important for every individual be it a high profile person or a common man. Keeping this in mind we have made arrangements for sweets and fire crackers for inmates in all the 27 jails in the state,\" said jail IG S S Tiwary, adding that the jail administration will try and add colour to the life of the inmates and make it one of their memorable days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17188434", "title": "Gang used latest tech to leak PGIMER question paper", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The gang of 15, which was arrested from different examination centres in Chandigarh on Saturday, was using the hottest technology means to leak out the MD/MS entrance examination question papers of the PGIMER, Chandigarh.Led by P Guirivi Reddy, the gang was using mobile applications to deliver the pictures of question papers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in high resolution font - to subject experts sitting in Patna and Hyderabad. After solving the question papers, experts were mailing the answers to touts in a hotel in Sector 35, Chandigarh, and they were further dictating the answers to actual beneficiaries in the exam halls.\"Seven women, who were arrested from the examination halls, were carrying smart phones with latest data transfer applications. They had set the phones on camera stand-by mode and just clicked the pictures of the question paper as soon as they got it. Within seconds, the pictures were automatically transferred to a specific folder that could be accessed from anywhere by using a particular user name and password,\" said a CBI official, who was present when the accused were produced before a magistrate on Sunday evening.\"Three to four subject experts, who were sitting in Patna and Hyderabad, accessed this data from their individual laptops. Thereafter, the experts mailed the answers to other accused in Chandigarh and from there they were dictating the answers to actual beneficiaries in the exam halls. We are trying to locate the internet protocol (ip) addresses of these laptops as it would help us ascertain the exact location of the accused,\" he added.CBI sources said the whole process - from clicking the question paper pictures to the receiving of answers - was completed within 15 to 20 minutes. The subject experts already had answers for various questions ready with them in advance.THE TRAILSeven women, in their early twenties, walk into the examination centres equipped with smart phones (in silent mode) having latest data transfer applicationsThe mobiles are on camera stand-by mode and they click photos of the question papersWith the help of the mobile application, the pictures are transferred into a specific folder which can be accessed from anywhereThese folders are accessed by subject experts sitting in Patna and Hyderabad by using specific user name and passwordThe experts mail the answers to touts sitting in Chandigarh, who further dictate them to actual beneficiaries in the exam halls. Beneficiaries leave their mobile phones' bluetooth option 'on' and listen the answers through micro ear-phones", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17185884", "title": "IIM support for Ranchi ODI", "text": "RANCHI: The first international match in M S Dhoni's home town in January will see ideas from young students of Indian Institute of Management Ranchi at work.The India-England ODI match is scheduled for January 19 at the newly built Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) stadium. IIM-Ranchi director M J Xavier has put up a proposal in this regard to JSCA chairman Amitabh Choudhary. The JSCA boss, credited with brining the first ODI match in Ranchi, has gone through the proposal and said, \"In the most likelihood, we would accept its proposal.\"The ODI has generated great enthusiasm among thousands of cricket fans in Ranchi who are eager to see their own Mahi lead Team India against England.IIM-Ranchi has proposed to do hospitality, branding and revenue generation and will provide logistics and operational support, apart from events and contests and organizing cultural programmes. \"The JSCA chairman has appreciated the proposal. Our students are ready to provide support for the event. We are hopeful that our proposal will be accepted,\" said Xavier. This is for the first time that a B-school is joining hands with a cricket association for an event of this proportion, he added.The proposal submitted to JSCA contains various creative ideas and plans for holistic support to the event. \"The ideas have been carefully drafted by IIM students. More innovative ideas will be thought upon,\" said Gurtej Singh Chopra, a media representative of the school.The proposal document contains various creative and strategic plans drafted by the students of IIM-R to assist the JCSA from promoting the event to executing it. The entire document, considered confidential, has not been disclosed to the media.The proposal says that IIM-Ranchi will facilitate manning parking space, crowd management and waste management to make the event hassle-free. It would also promote Jharkhand's rich culture, do social marketing through various portals, radio, road shows, and other community advertisements. The institute would also do CSR activities by roping in NGOs.Choudhary said, \"The proposal is extremely good. It addresses various concerns which the organizers face. I have gone through it.\" Asked about the possibility of accepting IIM-Ranchi proposal, Choudhary said, \"In the most likelihood, we would accept it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17186056", "title": "Science congress ends hoping to revv up youth", "text": "NAGPUR: The three-day 4th Indian Youth Science Congress came to an end on Sunday. The fest had brought stalwarts like MS Swaminathan and T Ramaswami on the same platform as well some of the budding scientists of the country.The congress that was jointly organized by MS Swaminathan Research Foundation, Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Youth Development, SRM University of Chennai and Raisoni Group of Institutions aimed at providing the young participants a platform to present their ideas as well as the opportunity to interact with some of the senior scientists of the country.George John, a scientist in the department of biotechnology, said that there was a need to have more scientific visionaries in India. Also, he pointed out the need to restructure basic science teaching in schools so that more students take up the subject. \"Passion drives change, so the students must also have the right reason, that is, passion, for choosing the field,\" he said while informing the youngsters about the various schemes devised by the government to encourage research including declaring the current decade as the decade of innovation.Ajay Parida, executive director of MS Swaminathan Research Foundation, added that more intellectually stimulated people like Sarabhai, Kurien, Bhabha are needed in the country. Swaminathan reminded of the words of Ramaswami where he said that investing in youth was like investing in hope. He spoke about the example of naturalist Charles Darwin whose wife Emma, being a Catholic, never believed in the theory of evolution. She once famously explained the success of their marriage saying, \"He lives by reason, I live by faith.\" Parida told the youngsters to invest in both.\"Universities, and even countries need to collaborate on research,\" said M Parani, head of the department of genetic engineering at SRM University. He told the students across the country to take advantage of the unique platform provided by the Youth Science Congress.Hemant Sonare of Raisoni Group believed that with 300 abstracts and 1200 participants from 18 states, the event was a big success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17188508", "title": "Biker assaults pregnant woman, held", "text": "KOCHI: A man who all allegedly assaulted a pregnant woman at Elamkulam on Sunday was arrested by police. The accused was identified as John (38), son of Xavier, Valliyaparambil House, Elamkulam. Police registered a case under Section 354 of the IPC against the accused for 'assaulting' or 'using criminal force' to outrage the modesty. of a woman.As per the section, if found guilty, the accused can be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend upto two years or with fine, or with both.It was on Saturday evening that the woman was allegedly assaulted by the accused when she questioned the manner in which he rode his motorcycle after he had hit her car. The man, in a fit of rage, pushed her down the road and fled .City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar was immediately alerted about the incident and bike's registration number was handed over to police. A formal complaint was also lodged at Kadavanthra police station in connection with the incident.Kadavanthra sub inspector Anil George said the accused was arrested from his residence on Sunday morning and his motorcycle was seized. \"He was released on bail and the bike will be presented before the court. The complainant has also identified the accused,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17188161", "title": "Shubham set for triple crown", "text": "MUMBAI: Top-seeded Senhora D'S ouza of Matunga Gymkhana and Shubham Ambre of MLWB (Maharashtra Labour Welfare Board), both convincingly won their youth girl's and boy's semifinal events respectively, in the National Sports Club of India (NSCI) 5-Star Mumbai City District Table Tennis Championship on Sunday.Senhora, who won the third and fourth State ranking tournaments this season, had thing much her own way as she outclassed her opponent Anisha Mhatre. The Matunga Gym paddler cruised to a straight games victory at 11-4, 11-8, 11-2 ,11-4 , at the NSCI, Worli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17187126", "title": "Government hospitals ready to deal with emergencies", "text": "BHOPAL: Health department has made special arrangements to deal with any medical emergencies this Diwali. Government hospitals have been asked to cancel leaves of surgeons, eye specialists and other related paramedical staff, according to a press release here on Sunday.\"Elaborate arrangements have been made in government hospitals to deal with casualties. We have asked hospitals to keep vacant additional beds for medical emergencies,\" said district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla.The health department has decided to station 15 ambulances at different places and hospitals in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17192578", "title": "Allari Naresh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 3D gearing for release", "text": "Allari Naresh's 3D comedy film, Action, is gearing for a wide release in the last week of December. The unit has commenced shooting a new schedule in Hyderabad, where director Anil Sunkara will wrap up the patch work scenes and balance songs on the lead pair.Recently, the film was shot in Bangkok and Goa, and Naresh and Vaibhav are pretty happy with the output. Sneha Ullal, Kamna Jethmalani and Neelam Updahyay are playing the heroines.Bappa and Bappi Lahari are composing the music, which would be release by the end of this month. Other cast includes Brahmanandam, MS Narayana, Ali, Nasser, Jayaprakash Reddy, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17187972", "title": "Forest clearances under national green tribunal ambit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry has failed in its attempt to keep forest clearances outside the purview of the national green tribunal (NGT) though it might have succeeded in delaying the process.The environment ministry had contended that clearances granted under the Forest Rights Act, 1980 could not be questioned by the tribunal, which was created, ironically, by the environment ministry to provide fast remedy to those aggrieved by infringement of green laws, including granting of clearances. But the forest bureaucracy found a loophole in the law that set up the quasi-judicial panel. The specific provision of the NGT Act empowered petitioners to seek remedy from the special court against any decision of the 'state and other authorities' under Section 2 of the Forest Conservation Act.But the forest bureaucracy noted that under the specific provision, only the Centre was empowered to give forest clearances. Using the mismatch between the tribunal law and the green law, the environment ministry asked that forest clearances be kept out of any review process.The NGT has agreed with the ministry's contention that it cannot review the central government's decisions on forest clearance. But it said that after clearances are provided by the environment ministry, the state government must pass a final order as well to give effect to the clearance.Any aggrieved petitioner would then have the right to challenge the state government's order and consequently question the entire process including the original clearance by the environment ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17188141", "title": "Mysore village girl to play TT in Delhi", "text": "MYSORE: While many teenagers in her village remain oblivious about table tennis, Geetha P, a Class X student in Doddakanya village in Mysore district, is all set to hold the racquet for Karnataka. She is one of the five girls selected to represent the state in national-level under-17 table tennis (TT) tournament, scheduled to be held in New Delhi in December.Geetha says she came to know about table tennis, which has traditionally been an urban game, just three years ago when she enrolled into Government High School in Doddakanya village, which is 15km away from Mysore city. \"I came to know about the game just three years ago when I joined this school. Our physical education teacher Suman Chandrika taught me how to hold a racquet and how to play the game,\" she said.Suman Chandrika is a great admirer of the game, and she says she couldn't pursue TT due to lack of encouragement and facilities during her student days. So when the state government sanctioned funds for her school to procure sports equipment, Suman was quick in getting a TT table first. Thus the village school began its tryst with table tennis three years ago.The result was rather overwhelming - over half-a-dozen students from the school could attend state-level tournaments in the past two years.Geetha has been practising the game for 2-3 hours every day since Class VIII. \"After being selected for the national-level matches, I now aspire to scale new heights in the game,\" she says.Though Geetha's father Papanna, an agriculturist, is finding it difficult to afford even her tracks, shorts and tees, he is happy for his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17187041", "title": "BSNL defaulter police stations to get additional closed user group", "text": "LUCKNOW: To minimise mounting non-functioning fixed line telephone bills phones, district police has decided to provide an additional closed user group (CUG) connection for better day-to-day policing to each of the 43 police stations across the city.In the current situation more than half of the 43 police stations in the city do not have a functioning fixed line connection. The contact numbers of half of the police stations, made available to the public through Uttar Pradesh police directory, have been out of order for several years. Besides, five recently established police stations have not been provided with fixed line phones.\"An additional CUG number for each police station will improve public-police contact at local level. Moreover, even if policemen are unable to make calls from the phone, at least public will be able to contact them as incoming calls will not be barred on the sim connections,\" said R K Chaturvedi, SSP Lucknow.State-owned telecom provider BSNL has discontinued fixed line phone services to half the police stations in the city on account of non-payment. The police department was not able to check misuse at local level and policemen were habitual of making personal calls. Even when the telephones went out of order, the bill amount kept mounting due to recurring cost.With an addtional CUG connection in a police station, the burden on in charge of the police station will naturally decrease. With the CUG connection, even if staff deputed at police station concerned is unable to make unofficial calls, he will be able to talk to his counterparts to discuss the case due to the exclusive nature of the scheme that covers over 5,000 police personnel in the state.The proposal citing the need for 50 CUG connections for 43 police stations and other important police cells in the city has been sent to the police headquarters and Chaturvedi said he will be taking up the matter on priority basis.Statewide CUG service has won accolades within the police circle and similar scheme in the city is expected to give immense thrust to the communication and monitoring activities of the district police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-12"}
