{"city": "None", "code": "14860892", "title": "Punjab will miss Dara Singh", "text": "If there are many who would remember the 'Muscle Man of India' Dara Singh for the international acclaim he won by defeating some of the best wrestlers of his time, some others would remember him as 'Hanuman', owing to his enactment of the mythological character in Ramanand Sagar's 'Ramayan' and 'Mahabharata'.His numerous fans in tricity mourned the demise of 'Rustam-e-Hind' on Thursday morning and social networking sphere of Facebook and Twitter flooded with \"RIP\" messages for Dara Singh, after he passed away in his Mumbai residence on Thursday morning, at the age of 84.Zirakpur resident Subhasis Neogi, who works as an animator and is an educationalist as well, said, \"His physique, popularity as a wrestler and smartness got him an undisputed place in film Industry. He was the only wrestler to succeed as an actor and become popular among masses with his work in Hindi and Punjabi movies.\" \"I am an animator and I always imagined him as Tarzan because of his ripped physique,\" he added. Businessman Pawan Kumar Sood from Sector 11 said there could be no better 'Hanuman' than Dara.\"His fight with King-Kong was legendary. I never met him personally, but he seemed to be a truly wonderful person,\" says Sector 15 resident Rajesh Kumar Bedi. \"Watching him on TV regularly had made him a part of our family. His death has come as a shock. We will miss him dearly\", says Sector 43 resident Vijay Singh Rana.\"Dara Singh was the first Indian wrestler to gather international praise for the country. I got to shake hands with him when I was in Class IV\", says one of the residents.\"I liked his personality - strong man with a soft heart. He will be remembered for his contribution to wrestling and cinema,\" says Manjeet Kakkar.\"Dara's demise has come as a shock as he was a true legend. Even before he became popular for his filmy avatars, he was a world famous wrestler,\" says Mandhir Singh, a city resident.\"I was inspired by his physique since I was a kid when we used to watch him in \"Ramayana\". It is a matter of pride that he belongs to Punjabi,\" says Sandeep Guleria, a class 11 student.\"He portrayed Hanuman's character with perfection in \" Ramayan\". What I will always remember about him is that he never lost his Punjabi accent,\" says Renu Soni.\"Apart from being a great wrestler, he was an amazing actor, a great writer, exceptional director and producer,\" says Piyush Thakur, a city-based photographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14858387", "title": "Shack operators uneasy over Goa state pollution control board's stance", "text": "CALANGUTE: Shack operators have been left fuming with the Goa state pollution control board's (GSPCB) recommendation to the high court of Bombay at Goa that no beach shacks should be allowed till proper garbage management facilities are in place.Speaking to TOI, Shack owners welfares Society - Goa general secretary John Lobo said, \"How can they discriminate against beach shacks? This is a completely biased and uncalled-for recommendation with vested interests. If they want shacks to close, then they should also shut down all hotels, bars and restaurants which generate garbage. Are only beach shacks generating garbage? Hotels, bars, restaurants, offices and homes of people also generate garbage. If they want to shut down beach shacks, then they should shut down everything else which generates garbage too, including people's homes.\"He added, \"This is a completely unjust recommendation by the GSPCB without giving any thought, and obviously with an ulterior motive.\" Elaborating, he said, \"It is a totally cooked up idea. It is most probably the work of the hotel lobby who wants to shut down beach shacks because people prefer to come to shacks rather than go to them.\"All shack operators have been left shocked and fuming at the development and hope that better sense prevails because shacks are a prime attraction on beaches. Says Vailency Fernandes, who operates a beach shack in Calangute, \"I was shocked when I saw the news. Why do they only want to close shacks? It should not be limited to only shacks because garbage is a problem for everybody. The panchayat should take the responsibility to clear the garbage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857369", "title": "Regional Transport Office lens on meter repairers, garages", "text": "MUMBAI: After ordering a crackdown on autorickshaw drivers and permit holders in electronic meter tampering cases, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) has begun a campaign against mechanics involved in rigging brand new e-meters.According to sources, there are over 90 meter repair shops in the suburbs and more than 50 illegal garages, which rig e-meters. Surprise checks will be conducted at these spots from Friday. If authorized meter workshops are found tampering with the gadgets, then their licences will be suspended. RTO officials said meter manipulation was not possible without the connivance of mechanics. \"Most auto drivers or permit holders have little technological knowledge. They cannot rig the meters without the help of a mechanic,\" said a senior RTO official.Recently, a team from the transport commissioner's office booked a mechanic for meter tampering. \"We laid a trap for him at his garage in Ghatkopar,\" said an RTO official. \"We took the help of an auto driver, who approached the mechanic for getting a brand new e-meter rigged. It took him a few minutes to tamper with the meter,\" he added.Mechanics in the suburbs charge between Rs 1,000 and Rs 2,500 to fix e-meters. \"To begin with, we are questioning the auto drivers booked in e-meter tampering cases. They will lead us to some of the unscrupulous technicians,\" an RTO official from Wadala said.TOI first reported the campaign conducted by the Andheri and Wadala RTOs recently. More than 125 auto drivers were booked for not renewing permits, avoiding installation of e-meters and e-meter rigging. On Thursday, officials cracked down on 250 autorickshaws for various violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856448", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: 2 more youths held", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police on Thursday arrested two youths accused of molesting a girl in front of a bar in the city.After city police arrested Dhanraj Basfor on Wednesday in connection with the case, another two accused -Puspendu Das alias Bubul Das and Bikash Tiwari - were picked by police from Hatigaon and Tarun Nagar areas of Guwahati respectively.Police said Bubul Das runs an eatery in Hatigaon area of the city from where he was arrested. Das hails from Nagaon district in central Assam. In the afternoon, Bikash Tiwari, another accused, was arrested from his house in located in bye lane No. 2 of Tarun Nagar, Guwahati. However, Das denied molesting the girl.\"I went there after seeing the crowd, but never tried to molest the girl,\" he added.A police officer said, \"We have arrested the duo after investigating the matter thoroughly. Hopefully, the other culprits will be nabbed soon\". Several youths, who molested the girl when she was returning home after attending a party at a city bar located in the Post Office area, have also been identified by police and a search operation is on to arrest them.Police sources said seven of the accused have been identified by police. An employee of the state government's IT development agency Amtron was sacked on Tuesday for being involved in the molestation. Police are yet to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14856980", "title": "Castelines clear in cabinet; Lingayats dominate", "text": "As expected, Lingayats bagged a major share of the cabinet berths, in keeping with the BJP high command's claim that political expediency had forced it to replace DV Sadananda Gowda, a Vokkaliga, with Jagadish Shettar, a Lingayat.The cabinet caste configuration was clear: of 34 berths, Lingayats cornered 11, Vokkaligas got 6, OBCs bagged 6, dalits (SC/STs) managed 7, Brahmins got three and Kodavas one berth for their traditional support. But for the first time in Karnataka's political history, the cabinet has no representation from Muslims or the right sect of dalits - which are split into right and left sub-sects. The right sect constitutes a major chunk of the dalit population, while Muslims account for 12%.Though there are four legislators in the BJP from the right sect, none got a chance to enter the cabinet. However, the other dalit sects dalits such as Madigas (left sect), Bovis (stone-cutters) and Lambanis got adequate representation.BJP leaders, in a bid to appease angry Vokkaligas who are maintaining their distance from the party, have doled out a fair share of six posts to the community. They hope to undo any damage caused by asking Gowda to step down.To acknowledge support from north and central Karnataka, these regions got 20 berths, while Bangalore urban and rural saw seven cabinet ministers. But six of the total 30 districts have gone unrepresented.The breakupLingayats: Jagadish Shettar, SK Bellubbi, Murugesh R Nirani, Kalakappa Bandi, Umesh V Katti, CM Udasi, Basavaraj Bommai, SA Ravindranath, V Somanna, Sogadu Shivanna, MP RenukacharyaVokkaligas: R Ashok, Shobha Karandlaje, CT Ravi, DN Jeevaraj, BN Bacche Gowda, CP YogeshwarDalits (SC/STs): Sunil Vyalapure, Revunaik Belamagi, Govind M Karjol, Aravind Limbavalli, A Narayanaswamy, Rajugouda, Balachandra R JarkiholiOBC: Anand Asnotikar, Kota Srinivas Poojary, KS Eshwarappa, Varthur Prakash, BJ Puttaswamy, Anand SinghBrahmins: SA Ramdas, Visvesvara Hegde Kageri, S Suresh KumarKodavas: Appachu RanjanUNREPRESENTED DISTS: Bidar, Mandya, Chamarajnagar, Koppal, Raichur, Chikkaballapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14856420", "title": "Compensation for 29 vehicles damaged in 2011 highway stir", "text": "IMPHAL: Transport minister Kh Ratankumar Singh said the government gave Rs 1,70,15,870 as compensation for the 29 vehicles damaged during the economic blockade imposed on the national highways in Manipur last year.Altogether 39 vehicles were damaged during the blockade, the minister said while responding to a question raised by legislator K Sharat Singh of the opposition Trinamool Congress during question hour of the assembly on Tuesday. The minister said the amount was given during the 2011-2012 fiscal after owners of the 29 vehicles submitted compensation applications through the Transporter and Drivers' Council of Manipur.He said assessment of the second phase of compensation amounting to Rs 51,91,992 for the remaining ten vehicles have been completed. The applications were submitted through the Transporters' and Drivers' Forum of Manipur.The matter has been forwarded to the state home department so that it can take further steps, he said. Legislator Janghemlung Panmei Ratankumar, who also holds the work portfolio, raised a query regarding the damaged black topping surface of Tamenglong-Khongsang stretch, which accounts for almost 39.2 percent of the stretch. The minister said maintenance and development task of the road has not yet been handed over to the Border Roads Organization (BRO).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856692", "title": "Prices of vegetables touch the sky", "text": "KANPUR: The prices of vegetables are going up. In the past three days, the prices of tomato, potato, ladyfinger, brinjal and other vegetables have gone up tremendously. The tomato, which was being sold for Rs 30 three days back, is now available for Rs 55 a kg. Prices of other vegetables have gave up. Potato which was available for Rs 14 a kg a couple of days back, is now being sold for Rs 20 a kg. This has burnt a bigger hole in the pocket of the people, who are finding it tough to manage the kitchen expenses.This situation has arisen as the fields are wet. This is not giving the farmers a chance to cultivate the fields. Also, the water accumulated in the fields has been damaging the crop. The trucks that come to wholesale 'mandis' in the city are also unloading less quantity of vegetable stock.In Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Shastri Nagar vegetable markets, tomato is being sold between Rs 50 and 60 a kg. In the vegetables markets of posh areas like Swaroop Nagar, the cost of vegetables is even higher.'Shimla mirch' is being sold for Rs 100 a kg. The prices of veggies may further go up if heavy rains continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14856492", "title": "Two held for molesting dalit women", "text": "KANNUR: In two different cases, the police, on Thursday, arrested two persons from the district for molesting two dalit women. The Peringom police arrested Farooq (30), a resident of Kakkara, for repeatedly raping an 18-year-old dalit girl over the last 10 months.According to the complaint filed by the girl, Farooq first raped her on September 11, 2011, after threatening her that he would morph her photograph into a nude one and publish it on the internet. Later on many occasions he exploited the girl's fears.On June 21 morning, Farooq again asked her to come to Kakkara. When she resisted his advances, he again threatened that he would morph the photographs of her two sisters too. On June 26, she filed a complained with the women cell.In the second case, a 40-year-old man was nabbed by Payyannur police in a case of attempt to rape a physically-challenged dalit woman. The police said C P Navas is a daily wage worker and native of Malappuram, was hired by a house in the Korom for painting works.He went to the neighbouring house to ask for water and when he found that the woman was alone, he tried to rape her. He escaped the scene when the woman's father came running after hearing his daughter's cry. But the police with the help of locals arrested him in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856851", "title": "Party would oppose the proposed Haj House: Vajpayee", "text": "VARANASI: BJP state president, Laxmikant Vajpayee said the party would strongly oppose the proposed Haj House in the premises of the College of Teacher Education in Varanasi where Swami Vivekananda stayed during his last visit to the city in 1902.\"We will not allow the state government to build Haj House at the very place where Swami Vivekanand stayed,\" said Vajpayee while talking to reporters on Thursday. The BJP would launch a massive agitation if any such attempt is made, he said demanding the establishment of a memorial of Swami Vivekanand at the place.Five months before his death (July 4, 1902), Swami Vivekanand stayed at Gopal Lal Vila in Cantonment area in February 1902. Once a well-furnished place with garden filled with roses and trees, today the place is in shambles with wild bushes and ruins of buildings. However, the College of Teacher Education and other government offices situated in the premises are in good condition.Vajpayee also accused the state government of failing in showing its sincerity to fight against corruption and maintaining law and order in the state.\"The government is not honest in fighting against corruption,\" he said and questioned, \"Why did Shivpal Yadav, who is not the jail minister, inspect the jail.\" He alleged that Yadav went to the jail to meet Pradeep Shukla, one of the accused of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.\"Despite the recommendation of the Lok Ayukt against the former minister Nasimuddin Siddiqi, the government has taken no action so far,\" he added. Vaypayee further alleged that the state government badly failed on law and order front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14858059", "title": "Caste shadow over infant missing from hospital", "text": "MADURAI: It has been more than a month since a baby boy born of a dalit father had allegedly disappeared from a private hospital in Ramanathapuram, while the child's mother is still clueless about her newborn's status. Udaya Surya, who gave birth to a baby boy on May 27, is not even sure whether her child is alive or not.Talking to TOI, Surya claimed that her aunts, who abducted her on May 21 from the house where she and her dalit husband Vijaya Kumar lived, wanted to hide the status of the baby who was born to a dalit. \"I saw my baby. But I don't know what happened after that. Even though my husband tried to get me back, my relatives threatened that I should file a counter complaint against him. They even told me that they will kill him if I don't do it. I was not in a position to approach anyone for justice. But now, I want to know what happened to my baby,\" said Surya.Despite stiff opposition, Surya, a non-dalit and Vijaya Kumar, a dalit, got married on August 2, 2011 in Madurai. The marriage was registered in the presence of a notary on August 5 last. The couple was living in a rented house in Thonukal village in Virudhunagar district.\"On May 21, a group, including my aunts Punitha and Jeyarani, came to my house and abducted me. Initially, I was taken to Thiruchuli. Later, they took me to Ramanathapuram where I gave birth to a male infant in a private hospital. I want my baby back. My relatives don't want the child because he was born to a dalit. I don't know what happened to him,\" said Surya.However, a close relative who TOI contacted said, since it was a premature delivery, the baby didn't survive. Even though Surya approached the Aruppukottai all-woman police station, her relatives persuaded her to return without filing the complaint.Kumar, who ran from pillar-to-post to rescue his wife from her relatives, finally got her back only on June 26, according to a member in the fact-finding team of Evidence, a Madurai-based NGO, who met the couple on July 11. \"When I tried to rescue my wife by filing a writ in the high court, they (Surya's relatives) threatened me. They even told my wife to tell the court that she was not abducted by them. They insisted her to file false complaints against me,\" alleged Kumar. Apparently, no complaints have been filed to know the status of the infant so far.\"Due to the threat from the relatives, the couple could not file any complaint. They are planning to approach the court to know the status of their baby,\" said A Kathir, executive director of Evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857065", "title": "Neighbours shocked by suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: The three-storey Mandoth House of Rajesh Jain at No. 16, II Cross, Kumara Park, remained locked on Thursday too.Neighbours said family members have not been seen there since Monday, a day after their live-in maid, Lakshmi, jumped off the terrace.Expressing anger over the sucide, a neighbour, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told TOI: \"We have been told police are looking for them. Driving the girl to suicide is unpardonable. Some of Rajesh's relatives are alleging Lakshmi stole gold. If that was the case, they should have terminated her services. Why did they keep her? I think they're bluffing.\"Another neighbour said police and social activists have been coming to the house since Sunday. \"We didn't have much contact with the girl. Apart from seeing her come out of the house once in a while, we never interacted with her. If we'd known what was going on inside, we'd have done something,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856840", "title": "6000 landless families gain from govt scheme", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: More than 6,000 landless families from around 100 villages have received land pattas in the last one year through the Odisha Tribal Empowerment and Livelihood Programme (OTELP), government sources said.Land has been allocated in the seven districts of Gajapati, Koraput, Nabarangpur, Malkangiri, Kandhamal, Kalahandi and Rayagada, where the OTELP is operational. The programme, with support from Bhubaneswar-based Rural Development Institute (RDI), uses local youths as community resource persons (CRP) to support revenue officials in ensuring error-free identification of landless households.\"It took me about four decades to get a title to the land that I and my husband cultivated,\" says Aster Bhuinya, a 65-year-old widow of Uppar Abasing village in Gumma block of Gajapati district, who was among 714 Saura tribes to have received titles to their homestead and cropland recently.RDI state director Sanjoy Patnaik said the OTELP-RDI process starts with collecting the household list from anganwadi centres and landholding status from the village land records. Then the CRPs match the list with the landholding status to prepare the final list of landless people. This list is then submitted to the revenue inspector concerned, who checks it for the final time.OTELP has used about 550 CRPs who have completed identification of landlessness in close to 1000 villages and field verification in about 500 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14858313", "title": "'Illegal' scrapyard still functional at Fatorda", "text": "MARGAO: In what appears to be a pointer to the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities in taking action against illegal encroachers on open spaces, an allegedly illegal srcapyard continues to operate at Gawliwado, Fatorda, despite a demolition order issued by the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) in December 2011.Acting on a complaint lodged by residents of Gawliwado, Fatorda, the then chief officer of the MMC, J B Bhingui, had issued an order for demolition of the \"illegal construction of huts made up of laterite stones and covered with asbestos sheets and also compound wall\" to be carried out on December 13, 2011. As the demolition squad was not made available to the MMC by the deputy collector on that day, the scheduled demolition was put off. A week later, the MMC again wrote to the deputy collector and the sub-divisional magistrate requisitioning the demolition squad. However, six months later, the demolition order is yet to be executed, much to the chagrin of the Gawliwado residents. When contacted, Salcete SDM Dasharath Redkar said that he would look into the matter but pointed out that the delay largely occurs as the municipality workers fail to turn up at the scheduled time to carry out the demolition exercise.The Gawliwada residents had pointed out that scrap was being dumped, plastic burnt and chemical containers stored in the open space, thereby posing a health hazard. \"The situation is getting worse by the day. We have also written to the health department pointing out the health hazards we have to face owing to the activities being carried out at the scrapyard, but to no avail,\" Kaildas Naik, a resident, complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14858334", "title": "Will act against Uguem basalt quarrying, HC told", "text": "MARGAO: The directorate of mines and geology assured the high court of Bombay at Goa, that it will take action against illegal basalt quarrying in Uguem, Sanguem, on a public interest litigation filed by Francisco Carvalho.Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre accepted the statement of the state's advocate general, A N S Nadkarni, who appeared on behalf of the directorate of mines and geology, that appropriate action will be taken against those persons carrying out illegal basalt quarrying in the village expeditiously, in accordance with the provisions of the law.\"Considering the nature of the grievances made by the petitioner, we expect the respondents to take appropriate action within a period of 12 weeks in accordance with law,\" the court pronounced while disposing of the petition.Carvalho had pointed out in his petition that illegal quarrying was being carried out in Uguem and that despite several complaints, the directorate of mines and geology had failed to initiate any action against the accused.Carvalho had further pointed out that after collecting information obtained through the Right to Information Act, he had asked the directorate of mines and geology to inspect the basalt stone quarries in the village. Following an inspection by the directorate of mines and geology, it was revealed that a stone quarry operator had resorted to illegal basalt stone quarrying operations at a site other than he had applied for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856436", "title": "Anganwadi centres unhygienic: Rights body", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (ASCPCR) conducted a survey in 14 districts of the state to check how the anganwadi centres in the state functions. They noted that most of the centres are not functioning properly, are unhygienic and there is hardly any staff present in the centres.However, minister for social welfare Akon Bora said, \"This is not the true picture of the anganwadi centres in the state. I don't think the monitoring is being done extensively. There are about 60,000 anganwadi centres functioning in the state at present.\"\"We wouldn't say there is no problem at all. The problem areas are the char and tea garden areas where there is no transportation, but other than that, most of them are functioning well,\" he added.As per ASCPCR chairperson Suchitra Kakoti, the funds are not being managed properly. The supervisors do not keep a track of the funds and no register is maintained.\"The anganwadi centre workers do not maintain any register nor do they go to work everyday. Children are also not brought to the centres as most of the centres as most of them are in an unhygienic condition,\" she said.Meanwhile, the minister maintained that all the centres receive money as per the enrollment of the children and the anganwadi workers and school management committee manage the funds. The supervisor does not look into the financial part, he said.The minister also said there are around 60,000 anganwadi centres in the state, but 50 per cent of the centres do not have their own buildings.\"We are planning to construct more buildings for new centres, but that would take some time. We will also monitor the centres. We asked the DC of every district to keep computerized records of the centres so that each centre functions smoothly,\" Bora said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "14857194", "title": "Victim\u2019s version not in Visva-Bharati report", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: The interim report Visva-Bharati University sent to the Centre on a Class V student in one of its hostels being forced to lick her urine did not contain the versions of the girl or her parents as the authorities overlooked the basic parameters of a probe in the hurry to answer to their bosses.With its defence of warden Uma Poddar raising eyebrows in Delhi and across academic circles, the university swung into damage-control mode on Thursday. It first expressed \"regret\" over the incident \u2014 even though it came five days too late \u2014 and then summoned the girl and her parents to record their statements. But the university mentioned the girl's name at least thrice in its statement of regret when it could have withheld it. There was more embarrassment in store for the university as posters supporting Poddar sprang up across the campus, including in high-security zones like the Ashram complex. There was no word on who circulated the posters. University officials refused to comment on them.Addressing a press meet, Visva-Bharati registrar Mani Mukut Mitra conceded the warden was responsible for the \"traumatic experience\" of the student. \"The university unequivocally regrets the traumatic experience of a Patha Bhavan student (girl's name mentioned in the original statement but TOI is withholding it) at the hands of warden Ms Uma Poddar. Visva-Bharati has allowed the girl to be a day-boarder as an exceptional case.Visva-Bharati also gave an assurance that such incidents wouldn't happen again on its campus. \"The university further assures the parents of (girl's name mentioned here) and all other parents of Patha Bhavan students that such instances will not recur. Visva-Bharati requests (name mentioned here again) parents to send her back to Patha Bhavan,\" Mitra said.The incident took place on the night of July 7 at Karabi hostel inside the university campus. While Poddar has defended herself, saying the punishment was actually a \"cure\" for bedwetting and that the girl's mother had approved of it, the child's shocked parents have denied it and refused to send her back to school, even as a day scholar.The report sent to the Union HRD ministry and forwarded to the Prime Minister's Office was based on the versions of the warden, students and university staff. Around 2.30pm on Thursday, the girl and her parents recorded their statements at the proctor's office. \"We spoke to four members of the probe committee. They recorded our statements and took our signatures. My daughter insists she will not return to Patha Bhavan. Before making public its preliminary report, the probe committee didn't talk to us. Now, we hope they will bring out the facts,\" the girl's father said.Dissatisfied with the interim report, the Prime Minister's Office had on Wednesday asked the university to conclude its probe expeditiously and sought exemplary action against the warden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14857801", "title": "4-yr-old drowns in open drain outside Ghaziabad school", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Little Ganesh's third day in school turned out to be his last. The four-year-old became yet another victim of administrative callousness when he reportedly fell and drowned in a drain left open outside his school in Sector 16 of Vasundhara, Ghaziabad, on Thursday.The boy's body was fished out from the drain late in the afternoon, after his parents and relatives had spent hours frantically searching for him. He was the only son among four siblings.It is not clear how and when Ganesh alias Sunny fell into the drain, which had turned into a death trap due to a missing concrete slab. His father, an electrician, had dropped him off at 8.30am at the Holy Mother Public School, where his six-year-old sister, Prachi, also studies.When their mother, Jyoti, came for the children around 1pm, she could not find Ganesh. She called her husband, Vinod Kumar, who rushed to the school along with his brother, Sanjay, also an electrician.The police were informed at 1.45pm. \"The police did not take the matter seriously and said they would soon launch a search for my son. When I realized that the cops were in no hurry, I started a hunt along with my brother,\" said Vinod.Curiously, Jyoti said someone from the school had come to their house in the morni ng. \"Around 10.30am, a school employee came to enquire about my children. He left after taking down some details without saying anything else,\" she said.Around 3pm, Sanjay found a belt near an open drain outside the school. After the belt was identified as that of Ganesh, he pushed a stone slab partially covering the drain and found the boy's body.The family then lodged a case against the school administration at the Indirapuram police station for their callousness at not keeping a close watch on their ward. \"A case has been registered and we are conducting a probe,\" said Indirapuram SO, Gorakhnath Yadav.Vinod and his family are from Maharashtra and came to Delhi around eight years back in search of work. They stay in Prahladgarhi, not far from the school situated in Sector 16. Vinod has three daughters: Tanu (8), Prachi (6) and Pari (3 months). Ganesh was his third child and had been admitted in the school on July 10.School's principal Parvez said the drowning took place after school hours. \"The teacher who was looking after the younger children got distracted by a group of older boys fighting among themselves. Sunny may have fallen in the drain when the teacher went to break the fight,\" he said.Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam commissioner Jitender Singh said a departmental inquiry had been ordered into why the drain was left open. \"Anyone found guilty will face strict action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858911", "title": "Tribal affairs ministry aims to break state control over tendu trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trade in tendu patta, used for bidi making, is estimated to be worth an annual Rs 20,000 crore and is monopolized by state corporations, contractors, traders and even left-wing extremists. This could change now with the tribal affairs ministry asking states to break the monopoly of state corporations and let tribals sell it freely.Coming on the back of his remarks on the Bijapur killings, tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo has asserted himself yet again on the Forest Rights Act (FRA), despite pressures from various corners to not upset the applecart.His ministry has asked states to remove all restrictions on trade of minor forest produce by tribals as they fall foul of the FRA. The overall trade of minor forest produce - everything but timber - is estimated at Rs 50,000 crore annually but the tribals get less than Rs 1,000 crore of this as collectors from the forest.The FRA had changed the controlling regime but state administrations, especially the forest bureaucracy, has hidden behind existing provisions of other laws to not permit open trade in the produce by tribals.The tribal ministry, following up on the recommendations of the Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council, has finally altered its guidelines for FRA to ensure strict implementation of the legislation by state governments.The move comes with the approval of the UPA leadership. The implementation of FRA -- a product of UPA-1 had fallen between the cracks, with the forest bureaucracy disliking the legislation and the Centre too going soft on actual enforcement. Deo's move is seen as recovering some of the lost goodwill that the law had initially created in tribal belts.In the amended guidelines, the ministry has also made it explicit that diversion of forest land for projects cannot be done without securing mandatory clearance from the affected gram sabhas after the rights have been settled under FRA.Deo has also acted to curtail the dubious role being played by the forest department in deciding the rights of people under the Act. In several states, the state bureaucracy has been using specious excuses to deny the rights of forest-dwellers.The tribal affairs ministry has noted that despite the Act being in place since 2006, \"in many areas, the tribal people and other forest-dwellers are reportedly facing harassment and threats of eviction from forest lands and forced relocation or displacement from the areas proposed for development projects without settlement of their rights or due compliance with safeguards in violation of the provisions of the Act.\"Actual implementation of the fresh guidelines issued by ministry could still be an uphill task though. A prominent example of this is Congress-run Maharashtra where even though the chief minister and Union environment ministers intervened to get the bamboo trade out of the clutches of contractors and forest department in one particular case, the bureaucracy has denied rights to people to cut and sell bamboo under FRA.In just one case where influence from the top ensured sale by villagers, one gram sabha of Gadhchiroli district, Mendha Lekha, earned Rs 1 crore in one year's sale of bamboo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14857452", "title": "'Hatia bypoll result not a parameter to judge BJP'", "text": "RAMGARH: Former Union minister Yashwant Sinha has advised regional parties to avoid issuing unnecessary statements about the outcome of the Hatia assembly byelection as it was not the parameter to measure the strength of national parties like the BJP.Addressing a public meeting organized by the Ramgarh district unit of the BJP late on Wednesday evening to welcome JMM leader Ranjay Kumar alias Kuntu Babu who joined the party, Sinha attacked those who were saying that the people had lost confidence in national parties. He, however, did not take any name.\"The BJP believes in a clean political system with a vision focused not only on a state but for the whole country, while the regional parties have learned the art of bagging votes without any vision,\" Sinha said. \"The BJP-ruled states have done well as compared to the Congress-ruled states and the people would certainly reject the Congress in the coming parliamentary elections.\"BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami said the Congress had failed on every front as price hike of almost all necessary items had thrown the budget of the people out of gear.\" We are focusing on strengthening the party and we will include youths and women in the party to strength it at the grassroots level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "14857352", "title": "CPM pulls out of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration elections", "text": "DARJEELING: The CPM on Thursday withdrew names of five candidates who had filed nominations for contesting in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) election. With this, the party has dissociated itself from the July 29 polls. It had withdrawn nomination of nine candidates earlier.Welcoming CPM's decision to stay out of GTA election, GJM chief Bimal Gurung said, \"We thank the CPM for withdrawing from the GTA poll. They have kept the peace and stability in mind. This is commendable.\"However, the tense relation between the ruling party and the GJM got strained further on Thursday with the Morcha chief expressing his displeasure over Trinamool Congress fielding candidates for the forthcoming election.Collecting the certificate of election from the returning officer on Thursday, Gurung told media, \"As I said earlier, we will win all the 45 seats. But, the important thing to remember is the ignominy of defeat the Trinamool will have to face. How will Mamataji take this (defeat)?\"Seventeen candidates of Trinamool Congress have filed nominations for contesting in GTA polls.Taking a dig at the state government, Gurung pointed out that it had violated a mutual agreement. \"It was the state government that had asked us to run the GTA. Though the central government did not interfere, the state government has fielded candidates,\" he said.On the election agenda, the GJM leader said the party would focus on development and creation of job opportunities in the Hills. \"There is lot of work that needs to be done in the Hills. However, we will give priority to creating jobs in the Hills,\" said Gurung.Asked about the way the GJM would conduct the GTA Sabha, Gurung replied, \"We will not take everything for granted. We will form a committee to visit the grassroot areas and survey and share the problems of the people. Accordingly, we will work to eradicate the problems to the best of our ability\".In another development, the GJM president expelled the party membership of Sanchabir Subba, a rebel candidate from the Gidabling-Nimbong constituency in Kalimpong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858060", "title": "Patricia Rozario to be feted by the Prince of Wales", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's most famous classical music export will soon add yet another feather to her cap. Patricia Rozario, the critically-acclaimed, London-based opera star who originally hails from Assagao, was recently confirmed to the prestigious fellowship of the Royal College of Music (RCM), thereby becoming the first Goan and only the second Indian (after Zubin Mehta in 1989) to feature on the list.A letter Rozario received from Colin Lawson, director of the institution, states: \"It gives me great pleasure to inform you that on the recommendation of the Council of the Royal College of Music, our president, Charles, The Prince of Wales, has graciously approved the nomination for you to become a fellow of the Royal College of Music.\"The formal presentation of the fellowship will take place next spring, when Rozario receives the award from Prince Charles in a traditional ceremony in London. On that day, she will sign a document that puts her on par with the fellowship's other past awardees, some of whom are now recognized as stalwarts in their field. Apart from Mehta, one of the modern era's finest conductors, the RCM's elite list also contains its fair share of legends from around the world.American violin virtuoso Yehudi Menuhin , who gained popularity in India in the late-20th century after his association with Ravi Shankar , is among the RCM's more prominent fellows. Others Rozario will share space with include composers Benjamin Britten and Richard Strauss , musical theatre king Andrew Lloyd Webber , cellist Edward Elgar , pianist Arthur Rubinstein, conductor Arturo Toscanini , and tenor Placido Domingo.\"It (the fellowship) is a great honour, and I will be able to put the letters FRCM after my name, after the ceremony next spring,\" a jubilant Rozario, who is presently in Mumbai, told TOI. Royal honours, however, are not new to the soprano. She had previously been awarded the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth-II in 2001.Meanwhile, Rozario, whose 'Giving voice to India' project attempts to identify and train young opera talent in the country, will hold a five-day workshop in Goa later this month. One of its beneficiaries, Oscar Castellino, is another Goan who had a tryst with royalty\u2014in June, he, along with the RCM choir and the London Philharmonic Orchestra, serenaded Queen Elizabeth-II on a barge on the Thames, as she celebrated 60 years as the Monarch of England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14861173", "title": "2 killed, 8 injured in bomb blast in southwest Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A powerful bomb went off in a busy market on the outskirts of Quetta city of southwest Pakistan on Friday, killing two persons and injuring eight more, officials said.The bomb went off at Kuchlak Bazar this morning near the venue of a rally organised by a political party.An eight-year-old girl was among the dead, officials and witnesses told the media.Witnesses said the blast was followed by firing. It could not immediately be ascertained who was responsible for the firing.No group claimed responsibility for the blast, which occurred hours before an official visit to Quetta, the capital of Balochistan province, by Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858169", "title": "Government renames Wildlife award on 1965 Indo-Pak war hero", "text": "LUCKNOW: Continuing with its renaming spree, the Samajwadi Party government has renamed the scheme started by the forest department during the Bahujan Samaj Party regime to facilitate those working for conservation of forest and wildlife. The scheme was called Kanshiram Forest and Wildlife Conservation Award Scheme. The same scheme has now been named after Veer Abdul Hamid.Company Quarter Master Havaldar Abdul Hamid (popularly known as Veer Abdul Hamid) was a resident of Ghazipur district of UP. He made supreme sacrifice in 1965 Indo-Pak war. The legendary war hero attained martyrdom while fighting in Khem Karan sector. His martyrdom played a crucial role in India's victory and he was awarded India's highest military gallantry award, the Param Vir Chakra. Sources in the forest department shared that the government is mulling to name the scheme after the war hero for quite some time. Meanwhile, it is not the only scheme or the project of the former BSP government to be rechristened. Earlier, Ambedkar Gram Yojana was renamed as Lohia Gram Yojana. The Gorakhpur Zoo which had got its name after BSP founder Kanshiram was renamed after a freedom fighter Ashfaqullah Khan. Not only this, even the Kanshiram Urdu, Arabic and Persian university is also set to be renamed.Apart, the state government has already decided to restore original names of six districts which were renamed during previous BSP government between 2007 and 2011.Sources in the government said that Prabudhnagar would be renamed as Shamli, Panchsheel Nagar as Hapur, Bhimnagar as Sambhal and JP Nagar as Amroha. These four districts were earlier tehsils and were carved out from the existing districts. While Mayawati gave them the new names, the SP government is of the view that it should have been named after the names of the tehsils which formed major part of the districts.The name of Kanpur Dehat district which was renamed as Ramabai Nagar will be restored and Mahamaya Nagar will get its original name Hathras back. The fate of Amethi is not clear as yet. Amethi is part of Rae Bareli and Sultanpur districts. Mayawati government carved out a new district from the tehsils coming under Amethi and named it as Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857558", "title": "BJP rebel Mamgain floats party", "text": "NEW DELHI: After being denied tickets for the municipal polls, a new party was floated by BJP rebels in the capital on Thursday.BJP leaders fear the new outfit- Progressive party- may cut into their votes in the assembly elections next year. Jagdish Mamgain, who quit BJP after he was denied a ticket in the municipal polls was elected president of Progressive Party.BJP rebels have floated their own party- Progressive Party- eyeing the general elections slated next year. BJP leaders fear that this party will carve out their share of votes in the elections.\"These rebels will do anti- party campaigning next year and will definitely try to sabotage the party's image. Since most of these rebels lost in the municipal polls even when they contested as independent but during the general elections they will damage the party,\" said a senior BJP councilor (wishing anonymity).Progressive party includes former councillors and hopeful party workers who didn't manage to get the ticket and a sitting councillor from Sangam Vihar.After resigning from BJP, former works committee chairman of erstwhile unified corporation, Jagdish Mamgain has been elected as the president of this new outfit. Addressing party workers present at the launch of Progressive Party on Thursday Mamgain said, \"Delhi is mini-India. But both the BJP and Congress have failed deliver in all the fronts in the Capital. Our main aim is to transform national Capital into a city of international standards.\" Referring to multiplicity of agency and City looking towards other states for water and power, Mamgain further said that Delhi is a state which has nothing has on own, always look towards other states when there is water and power scarcity and request them to provide it, most of officials who looks after City administration are on deputation, powers with union home ministry, land with union urban development and multiple local bodies like DDA, PWD, CPWD, DJB, Distcoms, three corporations and lack of co-ordination between them.The party's main focus hails at overall progress and development of the city and accused both the national parties of playing casteist politics. Ex BJP councillors, Harish Avasthi, Prabha singh, Laxmi dashmana, sitting councillor in South Corporation, Kalpna Jha, Vice President of BJP's district in trans Yamuna area, Naresh Chaudhry are the prominent names who joined the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14857746", "title": "No waterlogging in 'prone' areas despite heavy rain", "text": "PATNA: Even after heavy rain in the city on Thursday morning, its residents did not face waterlogging woes, courtesy the 35 sump houses of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) and drain cleaning drive launched by it.\"It rained heavily since 6am, but no complaints of waterlogging were received by the PMC. Our officials visited all the 14 places identified as prone to severe waterlogging, but they were not found waterlogged,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal.Low-lying areas like Kankarbagh, Bahadurpur and Rajendra Nagar remained free of waterlogging, ostensibly as sump houses were working well. Speaking about it, Pal said, \"The PMC has floated a tender for extra pumping sets to use them in the event of heavy rain during monsoon. The cleaning of drains was completed on time and the underground drains were also cleaned. Pumping sets will be used for draining out accumulated water from any area of the city.\"PMC claimed to have cleaned the choked sewer lines and drains. Over the years, city residents have been facing much inconvenience due to waterlogging and poor road condition at Guru Govind Chowk, Jai Prakash Narayan Nagar, Kadamkuan, Ramkrishna Nagar and other points during the monsoon season. \"At all these points, rain water was drained out, except at Bari Path,\" said Pal. He added the Bari Path area had no power supply since Wednesday night and battery of the area's sump house got discharged. However, the sump house started working later and accumulated water was drained out.However, Ramesh Seth, a resident of Khaitan Market area, said, \"Most parts of the city were waterlogged even during the short spell of rain a few days back. The performance of PMC would be proved after a couple of spells of heavy rain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857767", "title": "Data theft suspected from IIM-A computers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Confidential data may have been stolen from computers and servers of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A). The country's best-known B-school approached the crime branch officials in Ahmedabad on Thursday after receiving emails about the theft. The nature of the stolen data is being kept under wraps for the time being.Police officials say they received an application from the institute's vigilance officer, which says they are not the only ones to get the warning email. It has also been sent to other IIMs in the country and various departments of the Central government related to education.Crime branch officials have asked the institute for more details about certain internet protocol (IP) addresses within campus from which the email may have been sent. \"We will first confirm the nature of the theft and how it was taken out,\" a police official said. \"We are also tracking the sender of the email.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14858288", "title": "Goa State Urban Development Agency to take over Mapusa market work", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa Municipal Council (MMC) on Thursday evening decided to hand over the work of the construction of the vegetable market building to the Goa State Urban Development Agency (GSUDA). The vegetable market project, which was started by the GSUDA in October, 2005, and was supposed to be completed in November, 2006, at a cost of around 1.37 crore then, is still incomplete.A resolution was passed that the construction work will to be handed over to the GSUDA. MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said that the work of the vegetable market project was started by GSUDA, however, there was a dispute between the contactor and minister during the earlier government, prompting the contractor to leave abruptly. The GSUDA directed the Mapusa municipality to complete the work and that they would provide funds. However because of the lack of technical efficacy a lot of time was wasted.The cost of the project then was 137 crore while the cost of the remaining work is now 3 crore. Kandolkar said that 50% of the project is complete.\"We have got technical sanction on Thursday. The file will be sent to the GSUDA on Friday and they will issue the tender and work will begin.\" Kandolkar said.There is a provision for around 200 vegetable vendors at the new market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858558", "title": "40 bus passengers have a close shave", "text": "CHANDIGARH: About 40 passengers aboard a Haryana Roadways bus had a narrow escape when the vehicle rammed a Sector 29 roundabout late on Wednesday night. The bus hit the rotary and went over it after the driver lost control on it.The police said the incident took place around 12.45am when the bus, which was coming from New Delhi, was on its way to Baijnath in Himachal Pradesh. \"About 40 passengers were travelling in it. Preliminary investigation suggests that either the driver was feeling sleepy because of which he lost control or he failed to notice the roundabout,\" said a police official.\"After the bus broke the boundary wall of the rotary, its front tyres burst. One passenger has sustained minor injuries. We have registered a case against the bus driver,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858568", "title": "\u2018Domestic row\u2019: Man consumes poison in car, dies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 35-year-old man died after consuming a poisonous substance while sitting in his car in Leisure Valley, Sector 10, on Wednesday. A juice vendor was the first one to hear his cries of pain. Though he was immediately rushed to Government Multi-speciality Hospital in Sector 16, he succumbed on the way.Mohit Garg, a resident of Sector 8 in Panchkula, is survived by his wife and a 12-year-old daughter.\"Mohit was running wholesale business of grocery in the grain market of Sector 26. He left his house in the morning, in his Swift car with registration number CHO1AM-2578, for his shop. However, he went to Sector 10 and consumed poison . We have also found a bottle of Dysack pesticide from his car,\" said a police official.Police said Garg was disturbed because of a matrimonial dispute. \"There was some discord between husband and wife and this could be a reason behind this extreme step,\" officials said.Brijesh Kumar, a juice vendor, who was the first to see Garg in subconscious state, said, \"He was crying in pain and shouting for help. He was alone in the car and was appealing to people to save his life. The window mirror was already open and suddenly the door also opened and he fell outside.\"Meanwhile, family members of the deceased alleged that the incident is not a suicide and that Garg was murdered by some unidentified assailants", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14856513", "title": "Vexed building owners find holes in new tax regime", "text": "KANNUR: With the state government planning to implement the new tax structure for the buildings next month, the owners of the commercial buildings are a worried lot.\"The introduction of new tax structure, which the local self governments are preparing, would affect the owners of the commercial buildings,\" said Ilyas Vadakkan, state president of the Kerala Building Owners' Welfare Association (KBOWA), on Thursday.\"As per the revised rule in 2007, the building tax for commercial buildings is calculated based on the floor area instead of the revenue the owner get as rent,\" he added.Though the high court had stayed this rule based on a petition filed by the association, the stay was applicable only to the 452 building owners who were parties in this case. KBOWA said all the building owners should get the benefit, especially when the new tax structure is introduced.Under the new tax regime, the tax would go up to the tune of 15% to 200%, according to KBOWA, which feels that the criterion followed to fix the tax is unscientific.Moreover, the rent is calculated according to the quality of interior design. According to KBOWA, the building owners give the premises on rent after the completion of the structure and the interior is done by those who take it on rent, as per their requirements. So, if the tax is imposed based on the furnishings too, it would be a burden.On the other hand, the Rent Control Act of 1965 has not been revised and hence the land owners are unable to revise the rent of the properties that they gave out on rent many years back, said KBOWA general secretary C Prakash. Many owners are getting the rent that they fixed many years back. It also demanded that service tax should be imposed only on those who get more than Rs 25 lakh as rent instead of the present Rs 10 lakh.Taking all these concerns into account, KBOWA would call a meeting of the commercial building owners in the district on Saturday at the Hotel Highway Inn to discuss the legal steps to be taken to address the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858104", "title": "Jaya Jaitly permanently allowed to retain her passport", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Thursday allowed former Samata Party president Jaya Jaitly, facing trial for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 2 lakh in 2000 to recommend a fictitious defence deal to the ministry of defence, to permanently retain her passport to undertake her frequent travels abroad.\"I am of the opinion that no prejudice is going to be caused to the case, if the passport taken into possession by the CBI is released to be kept with the accused (Jaitly),\" said Special CBI Judge Kanwaljeet Arora.The court also allowed Jaitly to travel to Kathmandu to attend the fourth annual conference of South Asia Women's Network scheduled to be held from July 17 to 19. Jaitly's counsel submitted to the court that she is a social activist and had been granted permission to travel abroad on earlier occasions and that she never misused the permission.The CBI, however, had objected to her plea for release of the passport and for reemission to go abroad saying she may flee from justice which would jeopardize the trial.\"Balancing the twin interests of justice to be done at the earliest on the one hand and the right to carry on her avocation and to facilitate her to participate in the discussion on the other hand, the present application filed by accused Jayakrishna Jaitly is allowed,\" the court said, while also directing Jaitley not to leave the country without its permission.Imposing certain conditions on Jaitly before undertaking the travel, the court asked her to furnish her address of stay in Nepal and the itinerary. Besides asking her to furnish a security of Rs 25,000 to the court, Jaitly was also directed to give an affidavit to it so that her counsel would represent her in her absence and that she may not seek adjournment of the court proceedings on the ground of her absence.She was also directed not to extend her stay in Nepal in any circumstances whatsoever. Jaitly along with her erstwhile party colleague Gopal Pacherwal and retired Major General S P Murgai is facing trial for allegedly conspiring for \"accepting bribe\" for obtaining supply order of defence equipment in favour of a private firm.The case against them was lodged on the basis of a sting Operation Westend conducted by a news portal in 2000, purportedly exposing the alleged corruption in defence deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856306", "title": "Remembering a visionary", "text": "KOCHI: For today's generation M P Paul isn't a familiar name. Six decades ago though he was a much revered teacher, a critic, a questioner of communism and Christianity. Thursday marked the sixtieth death anniversary of this visionary writer whose thoughts were well ahead of his times.Critic M K Sanu said that Paul introduced a modern approach to literary criticism in Malayalam.\"Without him there wouldn't have been any Basheer. The preface he wrote for Basheer's Balyakalasakhi was a striking one,\" said Sanu who had met him during his college days.More than a critic he is known as the torchbearer of progressive literature movement or the purogamanasaahitya prasthaanam in Kerala.At a time when writers like Vaikom Muhammad Basheer were struggling to get adequate remuneration for their published works, he was one of the founders of the co-operative society for writers, Sahitya Pravarthaka Sahakarana Sangham, and was its first president.Paul's unrelenting opposition to religious orthodoxy had earned him the wrath of the Christian Church in Kerala.\"When he died in 1952, the clergy refused to bury his body in the church cemetery. His brother, who was a priest, was refused permission to attend the funeral. This is a bit ironic since the hymns composed by Paul are sung in churches in Kerala even today,\" said Sanu. M P Paul is now remembered through the M P Paul Charitable Trust which conducts contests for PG students in Malayalam language, literature and Kerala history for the M P Paul Award every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856989", "title": "2 sleeping men shot dead over money row", "text": "GURGAON: A group of armed assailants two men shot dead in a village in Pataudi district early on Thursday morning. The two killed men were asleep when they were attacked. In the crossfire, another man received bullet injury and has been admitted to Safdarjung hospital in Delhi.Pataudi police said that the accused assailant entered the house where the three victims were sleeping. \"Anil, who is injured, has told us that the accused sprayed bullets on them and Mohinder and Amit died on spot. It seems to be a case of enmity related to money lending. Both the victims and the accused have a crime record. We have lodged an FIR against Ajay and Rajesh, residents of the same village, and others,\" said a senior police officer.\"The victims and the accused were earlier working in the same group. Villagers told us that money lending business worth Rs 20-25 lakh was the reason behind their enmity. The victim's family members alleged that some villagers and others including a Pataudi-based liquor contractor, who reportedly had some deal with one of the victims. We have detained two persons and are questioning them. We arrested the accused as early as possible\", said K K Sindhu, commissioner of police, Gurgaon.According to police, the incident took place in Khod village of Pataudi block in Gurgaon district around 4.10am on Thursday. Three victims, Mahendra alias Takla (26), Amit alias Gona (24) and Anil alias Lala (22) were sleeping in the old house of Mahendra. In the meantime, the assailants entered the house and fired at Mahendra and Amit, who died immediately. Anil received bullet injuries on his thigh.In the complaint, the victim Amit's uncle, Suresh Kumar , told police that early on Thursday when he was serving fodder to the animals , he heard the sound of gunshots emanating from Mahendra's house. When he ran towards the house, he saw some people fleeing in a white Bolero car. He saw the bodies of Mahendra and Amit in a pool of blood and Anil with a gunshot on his thigh. Anil's brother, Teenu, who had also reached the spot, rushed Anil to a hospital.\"We suspect that Ajay and Rajesh, residents of Khod village, were the killers ,\" said Amit's uncle, Suresh Kumar.Pataudi police have taken the bodies in their custody.Police commissioner K K Sindhu and the DCP and ACP (south) also went to the scene of the crime. A forensic expert team investigated the spot and recovered about 20 cartridge shells. Sindhu constituted several teams to track the accused and arrest them.\"We are investigating the case and our teams are on the job. The victims were involved in liquor business and have a crime record. Mahendra has looted a four-wheeler in Manesar area. All three have been involved in robbery, extortion, dacoity and other crimes,\" said Sindhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14858122", "title": "I-T officials stage protest over staff shortage in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Nearly 50 staff members of Trichy's Income Tax Department on Thursday protested in front of their office seeking withdrawal of what they called \"retrograde steps\" taken by the Central Board of Direct Taxes ( CBDT). The protest was spearheaded by the Trichy chapter of the Joint Council of Action of the Income Tax Employees Federation and the Income Tax Gazetted Officers Association.Trichy's organizing secretary, inspector Meer Irfan Ali told TOI that they were mainly protesting against the heavy staff shortage as a result of which they were forced to work late hours up to 7.30 pm every day. He said the departmental promotion committee that monitors promotions of employees did not convene on the due date, and employees of the rank of income tax officers were waiting for more than 13 years to get promoted as assistant commissioners. The action council was also against the rules of recruitment of IRS officers whereby the \"year of promotion\" as against the \"year of induction\" was brought in for the purpose of assessment for promoting officers. This system, they alleged, helped the direct recruits and not serving officers. For instance, a direct IRS officer is posted as assistant commissioner on joining duty whereas an income tax officer who had come through the ranks had to wait for more than 12 to 13 years to aspire for promotion to the post of assistant commissioner, Ali said.According to Ali, the Trichy office itself was heavily short-staffed as more than 3,000 officers were waiting to get promoted all over the country. The total strength of the Trichy office had been reduced from 210 to 120 in recent years, thanks to retirements and superannuation which were not replenished. The department was now forced to outsource 40 employees on a meagre salary of Rs 3,000 for keying in data and for general typing. In Trichy office itself, there were five income tax officers who were waiting to get promoted as assistant commissioners, Ali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856548", "title": "Ramdev, Akhil Gogoi to launch joint stir for land, water, forest rights", "text": "GUWAHATI: Baba Ramdev and Team Anna member Akhil Gogoi have decided to launch a joint movement on jal, jangal, jamin ( water, forest, land) rights and against corruption at the national and state levels.The decision was taken during the yoga guru's visit to Akhil's residence here on Thursday.Ramdev cut short Bharat Swabhiman's meeting here to meet Akhil after he came to know that the latter was at his residence. Soon, the yoga guru rushed to Akhil's house and discussed issues ranging from big dams in Northeast to corruption for about 45 minutes.After the meeting, Ramdev condemned the recent attack on Akhil in Nalbari, alleging that the government was using various tactics to suppress a popular movement launched by the Team Anna member.\"I am very much impressed by Akhil's ordinary house and his extraordinary movement for the rights of \"jaal, jangal, jamin and against corruption. But I am sad that the government is trying every means to suppress the movement. I want to tell that Akhil is not fighting alone. The entire country is with him. As a son of a peasant , I support his movement for the peasants and downtrodden,\" said Ramdev.Ramdev announced that Akhil's organisation - Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) - will take part in the the anti-corruption demonstration in New Delhi on August 9.\"Along with our voices against corruption, we will also raise Akhil's cause at the demonstration. Large dams in the northeast are threatening the very existence of Brahmaputra. If Ganga is our mother, Brahmaputra is also our father. We are against big dams and corporatization of natural resources. We do not want development through destruction,\" said Ramdev.The yoga guru also alleged that Assam was lagging behind in development because of deep-rooted corruption in the system of governance.\"From the large financial packages which Assam gets, only a paltry sum is used for the welfare of people. A major chunk is taken away by corrupt politicians and bureaucrats. Across the country, welfare of locals is ignored when it comes to extraction of natural resources,\" alleged Ramdev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857433", "title": "Approach road handicap for new airport", "text": "RANCHI: The broken false ceiling and the worn-out look of Ranchi airport will continue to project a negative image of Jharkhand to outsiders. A new world-class airport that will replace the existing terminal building is ready but its fate is uncertain.A range of trial runs has begun at the new integrated terminal building at the airport. But the terminal building has no approach road.The construction of 1 km approach road, which had begun 18 months ago, is yet to be completed. A unit of the Indian Army situated nearby has time and again objected to the construction of the approach road. The latest in a series came on last Friday.VVG Raju, general manager (project), said a group of army personnel arrived at the construction site and physically stopped the construction. \"The army personnel asked our men to stop the construction or they would ransack it all,\" said a supervisor on site.The existing airport is connected to the city at Hinoo Chowk by a four-lane road. The same road connects nearby villages like Hinoo, Hundru, Hetu, Hastand, and Hara Tanr. Beyond the airport, there is no expressway. A one-km extension of the expressway to the eastern side will connect the new terminal building to the city.The construction of the road had started last year that was objected to by villagers who demanded that the road be extended by two km so that it connects all the villages. \"We had agreed and the work had also started,\" said Ranchi airport director Raju Raghavendra Kumar.Suman Munda, a villager, said, \"We have asked the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to construct our road first. But the process was too lackadaisical. The AAI simultaneously started constructing the road from the airport side,\" said Munda. On this issue, the villagers had protested on May 10 and got the construction work stopped. The re-construction started two days later when the AAI agreed to speed up the construction process.But when the re-construction started (on the villagers' side), over 20 army personnel in four vehicles arrived to stop the work claiming that the land belonged to the defence ministry. A group of villagers, however, shooed the army personnel. Amid the tussle, 700 meters road has been constructed on the villagers' side.In the second fortnight of June, the villagers had allowed the AAI to carry out the construction work of the approach road on the airport side. It started well and around 100-meter road was constructed.On June 26, two army personnel came to the office of the project manager and objected. \"They just said that our boss wants this work to stop,\" said a source. As AAI did not stop the work on its own, they physically forced them to close it down.The local unit of the Indian Army claims its ownership of the land. There are old records on the basis of which both the army and the state government stake its claims. Jharkhand chief secretary S K Chaudhary also intervened in the issue. Rounds of meetings between the army commandant and the AAI were held in which Chaudhary was also present, but nothing worked out.A senior army official said, \"We will allow the construction work only when we get similar orders from our headquarters.\" The Union civil aviation ministry has taken up the issue with the defence ministry and meetings are going on.Ranchi deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey said the local army unit did not have any problem provided they were given an NoC from the defence ministry. \"We are doing our best to get the NoC. The army needs it in writing. I hope that the issue will be solved soon,\" Choubey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857799", "title": "Dhumal elected Pune Municipal Corporation school board chairman", "text": "PUNE: NCP leader Pradeep Dhumal was elected as president of the municipal school board of Pune Municipal Corporation on Thursday.Congress member Narendra Vavyahare was elected as vice-president.They defeated BJP member Raghu Gauda and Shiv Sena member Shirish Phadtare respectively. Both Dhumal and Vyavahare received nine votes each, while Gauda and Phadtare got four votes each.The 13 members of the board were elected by the corporators on April 27. These members in turn elected the president and vice-president.The school board is an autonomous body that manages 294 civic schools which have Marathi, Urdu, Kannada and English as mediums of instruction. Nearly 80,000 students are enrolled in these schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "14857728", "title": "Central team inspects sites near Motihari for Central University of Bihar", "text": "MOTIHARI: The site selection committee members of Union HRD ministry visited three places Bankat-bairiya, Rupdih and Basatpur in the vicinity of Motihari on Wednesday, for the second time after 2009, where the land owners have readily agreed to offer more than 2,000 acres of land for establishment of Central University of Bihar (CUB).Rain notwithstanding, the team members: joint secretary, Union HRD ministry, Amit Khare, UGC member A K Dogra, Amarjit Sinha, principal secretary, state education department, and Janak Pandey, VC,CUB, visited all the possible sites with East Champaran DM Abhijit Sinha and other revenue officials. The team members examined the maps of these areas, held discussion with the local officials at the Circuit House here and left for Patna in the evening.The team members told the waiting journalists that they had come for site inspection for the second time and there is no news for press. However, Khare simply smiled when he was asked for his comments after inspection of the sites and said the team will submit its report to the Union HRD ministry.The visit of the team has re-kindled hope for the establishment of CUB at Motihari. The members of CUB establishment struggle committee including MLA Pramod Kumar, chairperson of Zila Parishad Manju Devi, Bajarangi Thakur, Bibhuti Narayan Singh, Arun Yadav, Sudist Narayan Thakur, Khurshid Aziz and Gautam Mukesh met the team members and demanded establishment of CUB at Motihari.Chief minister Nitish Kumar had on November 20, 2008,had announced that CUB will be established at Motihari on the occasion of opening of Motihari Engineering College here and had requested the farmers to provide lands for it. The farmers had in writing offered 3,000 acres of land and after inspection of land, the then DM Narmadeshwar Lal sent the report to the government. After that the site selection committee of Union HRD ministry had visited the three identified sites near Motihari on December 6, 2009, where the land owners offered as much as land as required. But, the committee could not approve any site on the ground of lack of infrastructure like aerodrome, big hospital, standard school and posh hotels etc.The controversy regarding establishment of CUB refuses to die even after four years, as Sibal had announced that CUB will be established in Gaya not Motihari. The CM was adamant on his earlier stand that CUB should be established at Motihari. It may be recalled that both the Houses of the state legislature have already passed resolutions for establishment of CUB at Motihari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14858471", "title": "Shambhavi Vijayam to be staged today", "text": "MANGALORE: Enthusiasts of Yakshagana should head to Town Hall on Friday. Yakshanandana, an English Yakshagana troupe founded by late PV Aithal will stage Yakshagana bayalatta - Shambhavi Vijayam to mark the 30th year of the formation of the organization. In the past three decades the troupe has performed over 400 stages.To commemorate the three-decades of the organisation, a book 'Yaksha Treasure - A bunch of PV Aithal's English Yakshagana Prasanga's - will be released on the occasion. Shambhavi Vijayam will mark the culmination of the tri-decennial celebration of the troupe that began with the staging of Lavanasura-Lava Kusha at SDM Law College auditorium on June 26 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857365", "title": "Class XI admission policy: Parents, students to protest on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parents and students will protest in front of directorate of education on Monday against the new admission policy for class XI in science and commerce stream. According to All India Parents Association, there is no rationale behind the change in criteria for admission in class XI science and commerce and that the DoE's order must be rolled back.While 15,000 students got admission in science stream in government schools last year, the new admission criteria will allow only 5,200 students to get admission in science stream,the association stated.\"Till last year, a science candidate with CGPA 6 at class X was eligible for admission in class XI, but now, a minimum of CGPA 7 is required for admission,\" said national president of AIPA, Ashok Agarwal. In commerce stream, a candidate with CGPA 5 was eligible for admission in 2011, but the new criteria requires a minimum of CGPA 6.6 (with mathematics) and 6 (without mathematics).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857854", "title": "Upgradation plans for Aundh civil hospital delayed", "text": "PUNE: The state government's decision to set up a 100-bed ward dedicated to treating infectious diseases, like swine flu, at Aundh Civil Hospital is gathering dust.In August 2010, state health minister Suresh Shetty had announced large scale upgradation of the hospital along with a 100-bed independent ward for treating infectious diseases, but nothing has been done till date.BJP leader Sandeep Khardekar has pulled up the state for not pursuing its plans. \"Despite the number of deaths due to swine flu, the state government is not serious about implementing its plans,\" Khardekar said.When contacted Archana Patil, director, state health services said, \"There is a 40-bed ward currently functional at the hospital. There are four ventilators also. Besides, the state-run Sassoon General Hospital and PMC-run Naidu Infectious Diseases Unit are there to take care of such patients.\"When pointed out that these facilities primarily get exhausted in serving the population in Pune and all three cantonment areas, and that the huge population in Pimpri-Chinchwad and adjoining rural parts need a separate infectious diseases hospital, Patil agreed, and said, \"I will look into the matter and find out where the plan is stuck.\"The first swine flu casualty this monsoon was reported in Pune on July 11. Besides, two more are suspected to have died of the contagion and their throat swab reports are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14859052", "title": "Dara Singh's \u2018Hanuman\u2019 act gave Jats their quota", "text": "JAIPUR: Dara Singh who playedH anuman in TVserialR amayana worked as reallife 'Hanuman' for Rajasthan's Jat community in getting them reservation as other backward classes (OBC).For peopleof theJatcommunity ,Dara was more of an activist than an actor as he had visited almost every part of the state during mid-90 s and participated in rallies and demonstrations when the Jats were demanding reservation under OBC.\"He was the unanimous president of All India Jat Mahasabha . We cannot forget what he did for us when the community was agitating to get reservations as OBC,\" said Rajaram Meel, president Rajasthan Jat Mahasabha , on Thursday . He said when the Jats met the wrestlerturned-actor in Delhi in 1997 and urged him to join the cause , Dara participated in more than 20 rallies over two years until the community got OBC status.\"Initially , we thought he'd throw his weight around and be hard to deal with, but after a meeting he broke the ice and started participating in rallies ,\" recalled Meel. Jat leaders remembered that when he came for these rallies , Dara wanted home-made food. \"He participated in rallies at Sujangarh , Surajgarh , Jaipur , Churu and Sriganganagar between 1997 to 1999 . After his power-packed and inspirational speeches , he used to ask for food. He avoided hotel food,\" Meel recalled.In 1999 , Rajasthan's Jats were given OBC status and a Jat Mahasabha team went to Mumbai to thank Dara . Veteran Jaipur wrestlers have fond memories of Singh .Grappler Mohan Maharajsaid , \"In 1960 , when I saw him wrestle , it was clear he was overpowering.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856626", "title": "Counselling for Gautam Buddh Technical University, Mahamaya Technical University from July 14", "text": "KANPUR: The first round of counselling for State Entrance Exam (SEE)-2012 would commence from July 14. It will continue till 27.On the first day of counselling, students from rank 1 to 45,000 have been called to take part in counselling. The admission process in the government and private engineering colleges affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) and Mahamaya Technical University (MTU), Noida will be completed through this counselling. The students will get chance to lock the seats of their wish. This will include the college and the course of their preference.In the first stage of counselling, the original documents would be verified. The students will get a chance to lock the seats. It will be followed by distribution of the allotment letters. The students getting the allotment letter would be allowed to take admission in the engineering colleges. From July 28, the second round of counselling of SEE-2012 would begin. This round will go upto August 11. The three counselling centres in the city are Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute, Pranveer Singh Institute of Technology and Kanpur Institute of Technology. Students from the city and neighbouring areas like Kannauj, Etawah, Fatehpur, Auraiya and Banda are likely to come to the centres. Tight security arrangements would remain in place.The students will be required to submit Rs 500 as registration fees for taking part in counselling and Rs 5,000 as security money. If a student of general and OBC category gets his preferred college and the course and he/she wishes to take admission, the student would be required to pay Rs 10,000 to confirm the admission.The student of SC/St category will have to pay Rs 4,000 for confirming the admission in the particular college and course. The fees would be accepted through demand draft in the name of finance officer, Gautam Buddh Technical University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856607", "title": "Forum orders doctor to pay compensation to patient", "text": "KANPUR: The Consumer Protection Forum of Kanpur, on Thursday, ordered Dr M K Govil and Kanpur Medical Center in Lajpat nagar to Rs 2 lakh to complainant Subhash Chandra Dwivedi as damages for the treatment of his daughter.Rejecting the claim of complainant against two more doctors and the insurance company, forum president L B Singh and members Ganesh Prasad and Sumanlata Sharma observed in their order that doctor and the nursing home had not provided proper services to the complainant's daughter. They were liable to pay fine to compensate the victim within 30 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14856476", "title": "Hi-tech driving yard fails the test", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state's first fully-computerized driving-test yard at Chevayur, which was opened by transport minister Aryadan Mohammed on June 8 with much fanfare, has been left partially unusable.The motor vehicle department (MVD) has found that three of the four tracks in the test yard do not comply with the department rules. They found that the measurements are unfit for conducting tests. The department is now using the 'H' track for four-wheeler driving tests.The '8' track used for testing motorcycles and autorikshaw drivers is oversized and remains submerged in a pool of water. Senior motor vehicle department officials said the design of the parking track and the gradient test track is also faulty.All the tracks have hi-tech overhead video-based sensors, which are fed to a computer at the control room. The feeds are later analysed and report stating whether the candidate has passed or failed the test is generated. But ironically, the '8' test for two wheelers are currently done the old fashioned way in a makeshift track built using iron polls next to the high-tech one.According to MVD norms, the end-to-end length of the '8' track should be 32ft. But the track laid in the facility is 45.6ft long. The diameter of the track is 26 feet while the rule says it should be 16ft. Also the computer cannot sense even if the rider steps his feet on the ground while riding.The design of the parking track is also defective as it incorporates a zig-zag design, which officials say is not seen anywhere else in the country. \"Across the country the parking tracks follow three designs, parallel parking, perpendicular parking or angular parking,\" an MVD official said.Sources said that the gradient track is too steep and is also not being used for tests. The drivers have to stop the vehicle midway on the slope within the designated lines and drive up without slipping. The test cannot be conducted on the track as it is 40 degree steep, much above the prescribed norms.P T Sasidharan Nair, regional transport officer, Kozhikode, said the '8' track cannot be used as they do not match the MVD norms. He said the automated testing station has been conducting 'H' tests efficiently. \"We have written to the state transport commissioner raising the issue,\" he said.The project was the first to be implemented in the state as part of a Centre-sponsored project and was implemented by Institute of Driving Testing and Research (IDTR). A similar facility is coming up in Elavayoor in Kannur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14858412", "title": "WillKat's honeymoon pictures leaked", "text": "LONDON: Intimate pictures of Prince William and Kate Middleton on their honeymoon have been made public by an Australian magazine, causing an outrage in the British royal family.There was an unofficial agreement among news organizations that they wouldn't publish photos of them on their holiday. But Australian magazine Woman's Day has decided to splash a photo across its July 16 cover showing the royal couple walking hand-in-hand along a beach.Inside there are another 15 pictures, some showing the couple in the water. In the main photo Kate's taut stomach is clearly on display in a tiny black halter-neck bikini, while William is seen in a pair of board shorts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14860839", "title": "Ten tigers have died in six months, admits forest minister", "text": "MUMBAI: In a grim statistic, the state forest department on Thursday admitted that ten tigers have died in the past six months. Another tiger was reported to have suffered a serious injury.In a written reply to a query included in the starred questions list in the legislative council, forest minister Patangrao Kadam also admitted that deaths in at least \"four\" cases was due to poaching.The minister had submitted the reply in response to a query by NCP's Vijaysinh Mohite Patil on measures adopted for the safety of the big cats. Of the ten big cats, two were tiger cubs, the minister has informed.The state government, which has acknowledged the concern over the trend, has said that various steps including setting up of patrolling squads, reducing and regulating man-animal conflicts across tiger corridors, setting up chowkies at fixed distances and effective use of wireless sets for better communication in such areas have been taken up to reverse the trend.In response to a related question, Kadam also expressed concern over a rise in leopard deaths reported from the Sanjay Gandhi National Park. In the past 30 months, fourteen leopards are believed to have died in the region. Kadam claimed the patrolling had been beefed up in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "eturunagaram", "code": "14857401", "title": "Minister Ponnala visits Naxal hotbed", "text": "ETURUNAGARAM: After nearly two decades, a cabinet minister from the state ventured into the interior villages of Eturunagaram Agency to talk to tribals and to know their problems. Information technology minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah undertook the tour here on Thursday amidst tight security. The Agency was once a haven for Naxalites and continues to be a gateway for the rebels to cross over to the neighbouring Chhattisgarh state.Even as he faced angry protests from women complaining about lack of amenities, Ponnala tried to smile and assured help to solve their problems. The women complained about lack of permanent roads and health facilities. They also spoke of drinking water problems and how they were forced to walk several miles to fetch water.The tribals demanded that the government permit them to undertake sand mining in the river Godavari by cancelling licences given to contractors. They also asked the minister to ban heavy trucks and lorries in villages in the area as the roads were getting damaged because of their movement.Ponnala travelled by an RTC bus to Royyuru, Ippalagadda, Veerapur and Rohir villages as part of his tour. He took the officials to task for failing to take up sanctioned works in the villages. He urged the officials to immediately finish the Anganwadi building works in Royyuru. Several villagers submitted representations to the minister pleading for permanent drinking water supply. Some of them also wanted the government to post doctors and paramedical staff at the Royyuru area hospital.The minister later held a meeting with the officials at ITDA, Eturnagaram. He said the problems of tribals would be solved soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "14857345", "title": "Sleaze racket busted in Barasat, 17 held", "text": "BARASAT: A sleaze racket was busted and around 17 persons, including 10 women , were arrested at Nawpara near Barasat in North 24-Parganas on Thursday morning. A former police officer was among those arrested, said locals. The accused were remanded in 14 days' judicial custody after being produced in court on Thursday afternoon.Locals alleged that Rita Ghosh, a landlord, used to run a sex racket at her house for the past few months. College girls were also reportedly involved and used to visit the house often. On Thursday, acting on a tip-off, Barasat police conducted a raid and nabbed 16 persons. Ghosh, however, managed to flee and was later arrested from a hideout in Kalibari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14858212", "title": "New rates for land acquisitions from now: Francisco D'Souza", "text": "PORVORIM: Revenue minister Francisco D'Souza assured members of the house that the government will implement the new Land Acquisition Act enacted by the Centre during land acquisitions in the state.\"The people of the state will get what is due to them,\" D'Souza said, replying to leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane, who stated that the new land acquisition act enacted by the Centre has to give six times the existing rate during land acquisition for public purpose. \"Will the government assure that this act will be implemented in the state?\" said Rane.Replying to the question of Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, D'Souza said that the number of land acquisitions proposed during the year 2011-2012 till date was 68.The minister also said that while fixing the compensation amount, the department relies on the annual statement of rates of the government of Goa as a guiding factor apart from sales statistics collected by the land acquisition officers and site inspections.Reginaldo also pointed out that the acquisition, which was proposed since the last six months, has not figured in the reply submitted to the house and questioned whether the government will process those acquisitions which are not listed.Hostels: D'Souza, who is also craftsman training minister, said that after studying the issue, the government will start hostel facilities for students of Industrial Training Institutes in the state. Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal had raised the issue saying students waste time in travelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurap (hooghly)", "code": "14857074", "title": "Inmates raped at will by outsiders in Hooghly rehabilitation home", "text": "GURAP (HOOGHLY): The probe into the mysterious death and burial of a 32-year-old woman in a Hooghly rehabilitation home has unearthed a horror house where inmates were regularly raped and tortured by outsiders. It was virtually a free for all \u2014 anyone could walk in after sunset and do whatever he pleased with the women, who are either mentally challenged or speech and hearing impaired, sources said.Police said it is quite possible that Guriya, whose body was exhumed from the Khajurdaha centre on Wednesday, was sexually tortured before she was killed. Her body was covered with injuries.On Thursday, inmates repeatedly took the name of Shyamal Ghosh, a history-sheeter, as the prime accused in the Guriya burial case. Police raided his house in the nearby Bhowanipore locality, but he is missing since the burial incident made headlines. Shyamal is a close confidante of the secretary of the home, Uday Chand Kumar, and had \"free access after sunset\", say sources. The inmates have told police that he regularly abused them sexually and tortured anyone who refused to follow his orders. There are 50 inmates in the rehab home, the youngest only 15 years old.Police suspect Guriya fell victim to Shyamal's lust and was beaten so badly that she died on July 1. Preliminary probe shows she had a grievous head injury. Uday then hired two locals youths \u2014 Torumol Das alias Sunny and Prafull Malik \u2014 to dig a hole and bury Guriya to hush up the death. They were each paid Rs 150. Sunny and Praful, who used to work as contract labourers for the home, were arrested on Thursday.The burial was carried out in desperation as it would have been risky to take Guriya's body to a crematorium, where they would be asked for a death certificate.Also, people would ask questions if they saw a body being taking out. Guriya's death would have remained hidden but for an inmate who tipped off an NGO that passed the information to a news channel.\"Shyamal was a henchman of Uday Chand. Uday is a partner in the crime. He tried everything he could to save Shyamal. He got hold of a doctor to issue the death certificate citing cardio-respiratory failure. The certificate appears to be fake. We are taking the help of experts to ascertain whether it was forged,\" said Hooghly additional SP Tathagata Basu. Police are yet to find the doctor who issued the certificate on July 3.Apart from Uday and the two grave diggers, police have arrested cook Naznia Khatoon and gateman Madhur Patra. All five were remanded in police custody for 14 days. Guriya's body is being brought to NRS Hospital in Kolkata for autopsy because the district hospital infrastructure cannot handle such a badly decomposed corpse.Uday claims he is being framed but police say they have found shocking irregularities at the home, which stands on a sprawling plot beside a pond, 1.5km from Durgapur Expressway. The social welfare department cancelled the licence of the home on Thursday on the basis of a report from the district magistrate.The Congress and the Left staged demonstrations to protest the alleged torture of inmates at the rehab home. \"Not only the one in Khajurdaha, most of the homes for the destitute are in a miserable condition. Sexual abuse is common in homes for women. In case of physically challenged and mentally handicapped women, it is even worse. They cannot protest against the abuse. No home can run without government licence or funding but there is hardly any monitoring,\" said Shampa Sengupta of Shruti, an organization that fights for the rights of physically and mentally challenged women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14857038", "title": "Charges for squatting set to be hiked", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Thursday decided to levy squatting charges of Rs 250 per day on hawkers on the roads and in non-hawker zones. Moreover, the standing committee also decided to increase the squatting charges for vegetable vendors by five times (from Rs 2 to Rs 10 daily) if they conducted business in unauthorized areas. and exempted those vegetable vendors who are doing business in NMC's authorised markets.The decisions were taken at the standing committee meeting on Thursday.\"Earlier, no charges were recovered from the illegal hawkersdoing in the business on the roads. The NMC administration had given a proposal to the standing committee to levy Rs 150 per day tax to hawkers, but we have decided to levy Rs 250 a day as tax to the hawkers doing business on roads and in unauthorized areas of the city,\" the standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said. Nimse added that the administration has been instructed to identify land for the purpose of a proposed hawking zone. The hawkers will be charged Rs 150 per day in the hawking zone.\"Rs 2 will be charged daily from vegetable vendors parked at authorized markets of NMC and Rs 10 will be charged from those in unauthorized areas of the city,\" Nimse said.We are planning hawking zone in the city and have instructed the administration to identify the land for the purpose. In proposed hawking zone, the hawking charges will be Rs. 150 a day.\"Moreover, we have also decided to increase the daily squatting charges by five times to those vegetable vendors who are doing their business in unauthorised areas. But, we have made any rise in squatting charges for those vegetable vendors who are doing business in NMC's markets. Rs. 2 are charged daily from the vegetable vendors doing business in authorised markets of NMC, while Rs. 10 will be charged from those who are doing business in unauthorised areas in the city,\" Nimse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14861518", "title": "IAF evacuates over 400 flood-affected people in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian Air Force has evacuated over 400 flood-affected persons across Assam in the past 20 days.Air Commodore P E Patange of the Eastern Air Command said besides airlifting 400 marooned persons from various parts of the state, the IAF also airlifted dozens of tonnes of relief materials for distribution.Patange told reporters that a disaster management cell was operative at the Eastern Command headquarters in Shillong.Cells have also been formed at various places in Assam, he said.Patange, who is the IAF in-charge of Transport and Helicopter operations in the Northeast, said that currently two Mi-17 choppers were on standby at Mohanbari in Dibrugarh, besides two Chetaks in Tezpur and one Mi-17 in Guwahati.In addition, two AN-32 transport planes are stationed at Jorhat for flood-relief operations.\"The IAF was put on alert on June 21 after we received request for help from the state government of Assam. We are still maintaining the alert,\" Patange said.The IAF also dropped food packets and organised medical camps.Patange said relief and rescue operations undertaken by the IAF in this part of the country would get a boost with induction of three squadrons of the advanced Mi-17 V5 choppers equipped with night vision technology and advanced avionics.\"One squadron, with 10 choppers each, has been set up at Bagdogra and Barrackpore and one more is to come up at Purnea,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14862050", "title": "Infosys MD SD Shibulal: We\u2019re in a marathon, not a sprint", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys MD S D Shibulal talks to TOI on the company's clients and the pricing strategy. Excerpts:Infosys has a high margin strategy. But are you willing to trade off on pricing to improve your volumes? Our premium pricing is a reflection of our brand and the business value we bring to customers. There are some sporadic requests for price re-negotiations and discounts, because these customers are under pressure. But we do not yet see this becoming a secular trend.And we will continue to be premium compared to our domestic peers. We are making huge investments in consulting and systems integration and in products and platforms to create high-value service lines. These will show their impact when the global economy normalizes.Infosys has undertaken a transformation exercise at a time when the global economy is in severe pain. How are clients responding to your 3.0 strategy? Change is hard on human beings, but change is a must to progress. We've gone through it, completed it and we are beginning to see the results. We're running a marathon, not a sprint.We could not have continued as earlier because the industry is changing in multiple ways. Clients are looking for higher value, some parts of the industry are getting commoditized, and the linear model (where revenues grow in proportion to the growth in number of employees) is not sustainable.Why have you not issued a guidance for the second quarter? We are seeing decisions being moved around, discretionary spends are getting delayed. There is lack of confidence among customers and there are probably more aberrations on the way. So we don't have a clear view of the quarter.When do you expect the global environment to normalize? It will be a protracted recovery, not a quick one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857759", "title": "DU prof stalked and robbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unidentified men snatched a gold chain of a DU professor while she was on the staircase of the flat where she lived. The incident took place on Wednesday morning inside the DDA flats in Vasant Vihar, police said.The victim Anuja Mathur was returning home from a morning walk and was climbing the stairs to her flat when she sensed someone behind her. \"As I turned to see who it was, the man following me quickly wrenched my chain and fled,\" she said.Though she ran after him, the man had an accomplice waiting for him on a bike and the two sped away.The woman then informed the police control room and lodged a complaint.A case under Sections 356 (assault in attempt to commit theft) and 380 (theft) of IPC has been registered. Cops said the victim told them the chain weighed around 30 grams and had cost her about a lakh of rupees.In the other incident of snatching, a 26-year-old woman displayed great courage and had a snatcher arrested who was trying to flee with her mobile phone, police said.The incident took place on Wednesday evening in Welcome area of northeast %Delhi.The woman, identified as Puni Kaur, was on her way to work when two bikers tried to seize her mobile phone.Police said Kaur grabbed the assailant who had snatched her phone and yanked him off the bike. Amid this commotion, the second accused fled the spot but the other, identified as Yusuf was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14856333", "title": "Tighter rent control law mooted", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF government is mulling legislation that would redefine lease and rental agreements and, hopefully, ensure a more equitable relation between landlords and tenants in the state.The draft bill, prepared by the state housing department, envisages more teeth to rent control courts for adjudication of disputes between landlords and tenants. The bill stipulates that all tenancy agreements be registered with local self-government institutions within 15 days of commencement of tenancy deal.Upon registering the tenancy agreement, the LSGI secretary would issue a certificate showing the rental value of the building on the basis of tax documents of the property.According to the bill, maximum security deposit to be collected from the tenant should be an amount not exceeding six months' rent, while the tenancy agreement will be valid for 12 months. \"The bill is expected to be presented during the next assembly session and the government would seek suggestions and modifications from the public,\" said housing department secretary Ajith Kumar A.The bill also proposes to appoint evaluators for reassessing the rental value of a building on request from tenant and landlord. However, the report of the evaluator would be considered a piece of evidence not a conclusive one. Senior housing department officials point out that the proposed law's efficacy as a game changer is called into question by the fact that landlords are not bound to abide by the rent fixed by LSGIs.There could be adverse ancillary consequences too. \"The direction to register tenancy agreement at LSGIs must be aimed at slapping commercial tax tariff on rented houses. This would lead to hike in rents, something contrary to the original purpose of the act,\" said advocate Chandrasekharan Nair.There is also the possibility that bringing local bodies into the scene could lead to corruption. \"If LSGIs see the changes as an opportunity to rake in more money from the public the law would become a huge burden for the common man,'' warned A Ayyappan Nair of Consumer Vigilance Centre.The bill holds landlords responsible to furnish all details about their tenants, including photostat copy of the identity proof of the tenant, to the nearest police station within one month of registration of tenancy agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14859117", "title": "If Maoists use human shields, forces may have to call off ops", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of the Sarkeguda row, senior officials of the Centre and nine Naxal-hit states will meet on Friday to take stock of the ongoing offensives against Maoists and chalk out a strategy to avoid collateral damage, especially when the Naxals use villagers as 'human shields' during operations.The meeting, to be chaired by special secretary (internal secretary) in the home ministry Ajay Chadha, is expected to formulate standard operating procedures (SOPs) for action against Maoists if civilians are caught in the cross-fire. Home ministry officials are likely to advise state governments to post only senior and experienced police officers as SHOs and to provide enough arms and ammunition to police stations in Maoist-hit states.A clear directive is expected to be issued to security forces engaged in anti-Maoist operations to abandon the exercise if civilians are being used by Naxals as human shields during daytime, sources said.Besides, if any operation is conducted at night, forces will be asked to use night vision equipment and make enough arrangements to illuminate the area to find out whether the Maoists are trying to take civilians along with them.Meanwhile, the CRPF chief K Vijay Kumar on Thursday said, \"It is a matter of concern and regret if they (the 19 killed) were innocent civilians. This information (that some of them were naxals) was based on police records shared with us ... we have said that seven of those killed were Naxalites.\" Kumar said an inquiry has been ordered and he should not be talking any more about the identities of those killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857374", "title": "State Human Rights Commission to act tough on pubs, hookah bars", "text": "HYDERABAD: With recent reports in the media regarding rule violations by some pubs and hookah centres in the city, the State Human Rights Commission ( SHRC) has decided to take suo motu cognizance of the issue. The commission expressed its concern over minors being allowed in such places which are, in some instances, kept open until early morning. The commission also noted that exposing minors to this culture resulted in crimes being committed by them to lead a lavish lifestyle. Contending that this trend would have an irreparable damage on the society, the commission also pointed out that excise rules are also being openly flouted in such places.The commission has directed the Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissioners of police to submit a detailed report on this issue by July 25 and further instructed the inspectors to monitor pubs and hookah bars in their respective jurisdiction to check if they are functioning as per police and excise rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858451", "title": "Blind fail to finish teacher test on time", "text": "CHENNAI: Most of the visually-challenged candidates across the state failed to answer all 90 questions of Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) within the stipulated 1.5 hours . The examination was conducted on Thursday by the Teachers' Recruitment Board ( TRB).Scribes were assigned to more than 10,000 visually-challenged candidates. \"It is very difficult for people like us to complete the exam on time. The scribe has to read each question to us. We have to grasp the meaning and then give him the answer,\" said J Madhavan, a visually-challenged candidate. Besides, many questions were from outside syllabus, he said. More than 6.5 lakh candidates appeared for the exam this year.The authorities, however, did not allow around 900 physically-challenged candidates to take help from scribes. These candidates said denying them the help of scribes is unjustified. For the rest of the candidates though, the TET went off smoothly, apart from a few minor glitches. A few candidates said that they were issued wrong hall tickets and some aspirants were not able to find the exam centre in some regions. Officials said that the candidates might have jotted down wrong examination code leading to the confusion.\"There was also traffic jams on the way and I reached the centre right on time, and precious minutes were lost in trying to find the room,\" said Uma Maheswari, a teacher.Many teachers said that the exam was not as tough as they expected it to be. Older teachers said they faced some difficulty in using the optical mark recognition sheet. \"I've not seen an actual OMR sheet earlier. My son who is an engineer taught me how to shade it. But, I didn't expect it to take so much time,\" said Mangai Senthuram, a 40-year-old teacher.The results will be out in August, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858715", "title": "Over 58% students fail in first semester exam in Rajasthan Technical University", "text": "JAIPUR: There is no end in sight for Rajasthan Technical University's bad phase, it seems. TOI had reported that there was something terribly wrong with the institute and this was reiterated on Thursday when the first semester results were declared. Forty-two per cent students passed the exam and the fail percentage stood at a whopping 58 in one or more subjects.This year, 32,950 students appeared for the first semester exam and 13,704 managed to clear all the papers. It means that 58% students will move to the next next semester despite clearing one or more subjects. These students will get chances to clear these back papers up to the next four years. It includes hundreds of those students who failed to clear a single subject.RP Yadav, vice-chancellor RTU, said, \"High percentage of students failing to clear all subjects reveals that our examination system is very difficult and only high quality students meet the asking rate.\" He argued that the examination paper was set by senior professors on the lines of reputed institutes.Experts said that of 58% students, many will opt out of engineering. Even these students have lost the chance of getting a government teaching job forever as the new guideline says that student with a single back will be non-eligible for teaching job in government engineering colleges.Surprisingly, there are many students who scored 80 to 90% in practical but scored bad in theory. It raises questions on the system of awarding internal marks. This phenomenon has become a routine affair for engineering students. RTU has 154 engineering colleges and not a single college has delivered 100% success rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856751", "title": "Vidarbha Relief Society chief may face probe for commercial use of sanskrutik bhavan", "text": "NAGPUR: Divisional commissioner BV Gopal Reddy, who is also chairman of Vidarbha Relief Society (VRS), may face an inquiry for allowing commercial use of Bal Sadan Sanskrutik Bhavan constructed under MPLAD (MP Local Area Development Scheme) fund. This was hinted by MPLAD under secretary Yashodhara Vijayan who visited the city on Thursday to review the projects constructed under local MP fund.Recently, Nagpur MP Vilas Muttemwar had lodged a complain with minister of state for statistics and coordinator of projects implemented with expenditure of MPLAD fund Srikant Jena about alleged commercial use of a community hall Bal Sadan Sanskruitk Bhavan near Katol Road square constructed under MP fund.Muttemwar told TOI that in 2004-2005 the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh had performed bhoomi pujan for the community hall. \"I had contributed Rs25 lakh from my discretionary fund, while Nagpur Improvement Trust had paid Rs75 lakh. It was how the community hall was constructed,\" he said, adding that it was not constructed for earning profits.But VRS allegedly awarded the tender to a private firm by charging exorbitant rent of Rs2 lakh per month, he said, adding as a result the private firm too is renting out the community hall for marriages and other commercial purposes by charging Rs70,000 to Rs80,000.Muttemwar ridiculed the explanation given by the divisional commissioner office that the revenue generated from the rent collected from the private contractor is being spent for relief programmes for handicapped children. \"It cannot be justified that charging exorbitant rent from one poor can be used for handicapped,\" he said.Following the complaint, on Wednesday Vijayan visited Bal Sadan Bhavan and expressed concern over misuse of the property. She expressed shock when she found a marriage is being organized in the community hall. In fact, the private contractor had also reportedly turned the basement, meant for parking, into dinning space. She said, \"The VRS has violated the rules laid under MPLAD funds.\" Vijayan, who will return to New Delhi on Friday morning, will submit the report to Jena.However, Vijayan expressed satisfaction on her visits to other four places where too MP's fund were used for construction of community halls and library. She also appreciated NIT for quality of works it has carried out. Despite repeated attempts, divisional commissioner Reddy was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14856874", "title": "HC lawyers' panel disapproves SCB Medical College, Shishu Bhawan merger plan", "text": "CUTTACK: The state government's recent decision to merge the pediatric ward of SCB Medical College and Hospital with Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Post graduate Institute of Pediatrics, popularly known as Sishu Bhawan, has drawn flak from various sections of society. Social organizations, political parties and intellectuals of the city have strongly opposed the decision.Among others, the advocate committee formed by the Orissa high court to monitor health services across the state has also expressed displeasure over the decision. The committee on Thursday reviewed the facilities at the pediatric ward of SCB hospital and alleged that critical patients undergoing treatment at the SCB cannot be treated at the Sishu Bhawan.\"Sishu bhawan is not at all equipped to handle critical patients. The hospital lacks multi-specialty departments such as cardiology, neurosurgery, endocrinology and nephrology. Moreover, it is suffering from a number of problems such as shortage of space, inadequate doctors, insufficient number of anesthesiologists and lack of equipment like CT scan and MRI machines. In the absence of these facilities, how can the authorities ensure proper treatment to the children,?\" alleged Pravat Das, member of the advocate committee.He said the Sishu Bhawan provides treatment in two departments, medicine and surgery. owing to lack of super specialty facilities, most of the time critical cases are referred to SCB. If the pediatric wing of SCB is closed down, patients will suffer badly.The state government had decided to shift the existing 60 beds under the pediatric wing of the SCB hospital to the 280-bedd Sishu Bhawan with effect from August 1. After the merger, the bed strength at Sishu Bhawan will be 340.\"Sishu Bhawan, at its present state, is not capable of accommodating patients who will come from SCB hospital. Without upgrading the infrastructure, it will be highly unscientific and erroneous on the part of the government to take such a decision,\" said Khageswar Sethi, a SUCI leader. The party on Thursday staged a demonstration outside the SCB superintendent's office. The Congress has also demanded an immediate roll back of the decision.But the director of medical education and training (DMET) has refuted all the allegations. \"We have planned to develop Sishu Bhawan into state of the art tertiary pediatric care centre. The decision of merger would not only pave way for its development, but will also solve the problem of shortage of doctors and nurses ,\" said P K Das, DMET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857152", "title": "Poisoning case: Pest controller booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The Versova police, probing the alleged pesticide poisoning deaths, on Thursday booked the woman, who had undertaken the pest control job at the residence of the Chougle siblings, for culpable homicide not amounting to murder. DCP Pratap Dighavkar confirmed the development. Cops said the woman, Rukhsana Almelkar, didn't have licence to conduct pest control.The mother of the deceased siblings told the police that Ruksana had done pest control at her house on July 3. The police said they were examining the greyish powder found in the house and will accordingly decide the further course of action.The police on Thursday recorded the statement of the mother of the deceased, Rameez (26) and Rehab (27) Chougle. They did not record her detailed statement earlier as she was unwell. Rameez died in his apartment in Panch Dhara building, Yari Road, on July 4, while Rehab, 27, passed away in hospital two days later. Both had bouts of vomiting and diarrhoea before their condition worsened. Cops recorded their father's statement on Thursday who said pest control was done a day before the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14856804", "title": "Cuttack slum razed", "text": "CUTTACK: After a brief lull, the district administration started the second phase of eviction drive in Petanal slum on Thursday. Over 70 shanties were demolished on the first day of eviction. The drive will continue on Friday.To avoid any untoward incident, the district administration deployed nine platoons of police at the spot. During the first phase of the eviction drive on June 12, seven persons were injured in a clash between the slum dwellers and policemen.\"Over 70 families were evicted today. The eviction was done in a peaceful manner,\" said Cuttack sub-collector J P Das. The administration said the eviction drive was being carried out as per the orders of the Orissa high court. The government land meant for the construction of a road had been encroached upon by 149 families of the slum, said officials, who claimed to have issued notices to the encroachers two months ago to vacate the land. Slum dwellers, however, refuted the allegation of encroachment. \"When we were constructing the houses nobody opposed it. The officials did not inform us that the land is owned by the government and now suddenly they are trying to evict us,\" said Surya Das, a slum dweller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14859124", "title": "Apartments home in on safety", "text": "Increasing security concerns are prompting many people in the state to install hi-tech security systems, including closed circuit televisions (CCTV) in their houses.These systems, which were until a couple of years ago installed only in commercial buildings and financial firms, started finding greater acceptance with internet connectivity coming into vogue.According firms providing the service, it's the non-resident Indians who mostly seek electronic security systems for their houses in the state. Technologies available in the market enable them to monitor their houses and surroundings through mobile phones and computers sitting thousands of miles away.\"In recent years numerous people have been approaching us for installing security systems in their houses/apartments . Majority of them are doing so because of security concerns. NRIs awareness about the advantages of security systems is making them install such systems in their houses here,\" said Mahin M I, managing director of Kochi-based International Security Systems Solutions.The digital video recorder (DVR) to which cameras are connected records and sends alerts to the mobile phone set in the DVR whenever intrusions occur. \"When intrusions occur, alert goes to the mobile phone and the person can login into the IP address of the DVR and see what is happening live on the mobile phone or computer . This would enable him/her to inform his/her relatives or the authorities about what is happening.The total cost for installing a four-camera CCTV with digital video recorder (DVR) would range from Rs 15,000 to Rs 25,000, said M Sreejith of Symphony Network Systems, Kozhikode. Firms offer free maintenance for a year; from the second year onwards they charge 10 per cent of the total cost. Apart from CCTVs, other important security systems installed in houses include motion sensors, beam sensors, glass detectors, video door phones and audio door phones.Realizing the potential of the electronic security systems market in the state, many global firms in the business have started focusing on the state, said A Krishnakumar , managing director of Focus Technologies. Recently, Honeywell Automation Indian Limited had called a meeting of its agencies to chalk out strategy to tap the potential of the Kerala market, he said. Many agencies selling security systems said on an average they had a monthly turnover of Rs 10-20 lakh. Their customers are mostly from Ernakulum, Malapp u r a m a n d Kozhikode districts where there is a large number of NRIs.There are more than 100 firms registered with the Electronic Security Association of India, a body of security systems manufacturers, distributors and system integrators. Interestingly, many of these agencies advertise in Malayalam periodicals published from European countries and the USA, targeting the Malayali diaspora there who own homes and apartments in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858689", "title": "Power failure again at Sawai Man Singh hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: Government-run Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital once again witnessed chaos after power failure at the central laboratory, the new intensive care unit (ICU) and emergency. Power failure caught the hospital administration off guard. A patient from new medicine ICU was shifted to medicine ICU due to power failure in a hurry. The patients and their attendants looked tired standing in long queues at the central laboratory for tests. In emergency ward too, registration of patients was done manually as computers were shut down.This is the second time in as many weeks when the SMS hospital witnessed power failure. On last Thursday (July 5) too, power failure during heavy rain had caused a plenty of problem for the hospital staff but they somehow managed to provide the healthcare services to the people. That time three critical patients, who were on ventilators, had to be shifted from new medicine ICU to medicine ICU.Though officials rushed to fix the problem it affected the central laboratory functioning as computers were shut down. The patients' attendants faced a lot of problem as they kept waiting for their turn outside the laboratory. There was power failure in some parts of the hospital for half-an-hour, the hospital officials said.But they denied that a patient was shifted from new medicine ICU to medicine ICU due to power failure.The pathology laboratory and central laboratory where the blood and other common tests are conducted were affected. Last time the transformer had been destroyed during rains but this time there was an internal fault in the line, a hospital administration official said.Besides, Arjun Singh, Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (JVVNL) superintendent engineer (Jaipur circle) said, \"There was no fault in power supply from our side. We are supplying power uninterruptedly to the hospital. The hospital is connected with two lines, if one line fails, the other line works. The problem could be due to an internal fault .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14860873", "title": "Samantha returns to sets from July 20", "text": "A lot has been written about Samantha's health even as the actress said that she's braving to fight her health problems. And finally, it looks like the cute actress has almost recuperated from her skin ailments as she announce her come back.Samantha said she would resume shooting for Naga Chaitanya's film \"Autonagar Surya\" from July 20. The cute actress would be shooting for 3 days for the talkie part of the film before joining the sets of Nandi Reddy's film. The actress also informed producer Bellamkonda that she would join his production from July 24 to participate in the shooting of the untitled movie starring Siddharth.Samantha was missing from action of late as she was not feeling well. The actress messed up her dates and the shooting schedules of all her current films were delayed and subsequently canceled. Currently, \"Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" unit is filming scenes that don't involve Samantha but for Naga Chaitanya and Nandi Reddy's film, the unit needs Samantha's presence on the sets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14856967", "title": "Education panel polls on August 16", "text": "NASHIK: The election of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) education committee will be held on August 16 in a special general body meeting (GBM) at 11am.The election of the 13-member education committee of the NMC has been declared for August 16, when a special general body meeting has been called for. Out of the 13 posts, two seats are reserved for SC/ST candidates, three places for those who are matriculates, while for the remaining spots, candidates have to have passed class VII.Two candidates are nominated by the government and one post is fixed for a member of the panchayat samiti group. The nomination forms will be available from July 16 onwards.The last date for filling up nomination forms is July 31 from 11am to 2pm. The scrutiny of the candidates will be held on August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857931", "title": "Recheck wonder: Student's marks jump from 0 to 69", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An HSC (science) student got lucky with reassessment of maths paper. While he was marked zero in the paper when the result was declared in May, after reassessment, he was awarded a good 69 marks!Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials have completed the reassessment process and sent the fresh marks to the Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) so that merit list for admission in professional courses is prepared.The admission in medical, dental, paramedical, engineering, pharmacy and other professional courses will begin in the later part of July.Officials said that another boy has got an increase of 30 marks. He had scored 49 marks in chemistry which were later revised to 79.Two students got an increase of 23 marks. There are over 15 students who got more than 10 or more marks. Maximum 200 students got an increase of one mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14861931", "title": "Politician among 5 killed in bomb blast in southwest Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Five people, including a leader of the Awami National Party , were killed and 10 others injured on Friday when a powerful bomb went off in a busy market on the outskirts of Quetta city in southwest Pakistan.The bomb went off at Kuchlak Bazar this morning near the venue of a rally organised by the ANP, which is part of the ruling coalition at the centre.ANP provincial vice-president Malik Qasim and an eight-year-old girl were among the dead, officials and witnesses told the media.Witnesses said the blast was followed by firing. It could not immediately be ascertained who was responsible for the firing.Footage on television showed several vehicles were destroyed by the blast.The cars were hit by pellets packed into the bomb. Shoes and slippers law strewn at the venue of the rally. No group claimed responsibility for the blast, which occurred hours before an official visit by Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf to Quetta, the capital of Balochistan province.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858608", "title": "At least 31% of MPs, MLAs have criminal cases against them", "text": "NEW DELHI: Civil society groups on Thursday launched a campaign against tainted MPs and MLAs, demanding that they be barred from participating in the presidential election.The electoral college for the presidential election comprises 4,120 members of legislative assemblies and 776 members of Parliament (both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha). Of these 4,896 MPs and MLAs, at least 1,450 or 31% have declared criminal cases pending against them in sworn affidavits filed with the Election Commission in recent elections.Of these tainted elected representatives, 641 MPs and MLAs have serious criminal cases like rape, murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery and extortion against them, data analyzed by the National Election Watch has revealed.Six MLAs have declared rape charges in their sworn affidavits submitted to the EC. While 140 have declared murder charges, more than 350 have attempt to murder charges against them, 145 are charged with theft, 90 of kidnapping and 75 have declared dacoity charges.The civil society groups have also written to UPA's presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee to declare his assets and submit an affidavit that he has no criminal or any other cases pending against him.A Lok Sabha MP from Jharkhand has at least 35 criminal cases against him while there are many who have more than a dozen cases.In Uttar Pradesh, 189 of the 403 MLAs declared criminal cases at the time of submission of their affidavits to the EC, followed by Maharashtra with 146 out of 287 MLAs and Bihar with 139 out of 241 MLAs.In terms of percentage of tainted votes, Jharkhand has the highest with 74% followed by Bihar with 58% and Maharashtra with 51%.A total of 2,322 MPs and MLAs or 48% are crorepatis as per their affidavits. Among state assemblies, Uttar Pradesh has the maximum number of crorepatis followed by Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856863", "title": "Case against RPF cop for passenger assault", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Thursday registered case against a railway protection force (RPF) constable in Puri for brutally assaulting a passenger on Wednesday night. The injured passenger, Pratap Kumar Padhi (55), is undergoing treatment at Puri district headquarter hospital.Padhi invited the wrath of RPF constable G R Mishra while sleeping on the platform. \"I was sleeping after missing the train to go to my village Chikiti in Ganjam district. The cop asked me to vacate the platform. When I refused, he started beating me up mercilessly,\" said Padhi, who suffered serious bruises on several parts of his body.\"I was groaning in pain, but he kept on hitting me and threw me out of the station. Later I boarded a train late in the night and reached Khurda Road. Some GRP personnel took pity on me and asked me to lodge an FIR against the RPF cop,\" said Padhi, who had come to Puri for Jagannath darshan.Puri RPF inspector S B Brahma said Padhi was drunk and abused Mishra when he asked him to leave the platform. \"Padhi neither had a platform nor journey ticket. When Mishra asked him to leave the station, Padhi abused him in foul language. So Mishra beat him,\" Brahma said. \"Disciplinary action would be initiated against Mishra,\" the RPF inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857862", "title": "Court work remains unaffected", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court said here on Thursday that judicial work remained unaffected on the second consecutive day of lawyers' agitation.Pune Bar Association (PBA) president Ashok Sankpal, however, claimed that the functioning of the courts in the district was hit as lawyers struck work protesting against a bill, which seeks to regulate legal education and profession.Vidya Mishra, registrar of the court, said that judicial work was not affected as bail and remand pleas were heard and evidence of witnesses were recorded. The lawyers strike did not impact urgent work in the courts, she added.A court official said that 13 witnesses were examined in court number 7, while anticipatory bail pleas were heard and decided by additional sessions judge N P Dhote in the morning session, instead of the afternoon sessions.Earlier, Sankpal handed over a memorandum signed by hundreds of lawyers to the resident deputy collector, Anil Pawar, to convey their demand to the central government. tnnThe lawyers are opposed to the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill, 2010, Higher Education and Research Bill, The Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill, 2010, and The National Law School Bills, 2011, which seeks to divest the elected, statutory lawyers' body of its jurisdiction over legal education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858193", "title": "Ex-IC Gandhi blames Delhi high court for thwarting RTI initiatives", "text": "NEW DELHI: Outgoing information commissioner (IC) Shailesh Gandhi has blamed the Delhi high court for frustrating the purpose of the RTI Act by staying several CIC orders.In a 56-page reply filed in the HC in response to a petition against him filed by a CIC official, Gandhi has dismissed charges of bias and questioned the court's practice of granting ex-parte stays on CIC verdicts. \"It appears Delhi high court has made ex-parte stays in a considerable number of petitions against CIC. After the stays are granted proceedings languish in HC and as a result of the stay, proceedings before CIC come to a standstill. This frustrates the entire purpose of the RTI Act where information is required to be provided within 30 days of application being received,\" Gandhi stated in his reply to the HC.He said that the HC should, in the larger public interest, \"look at the various cases pending where ex-parte stays have been granted which continues without vacation or confirmation for long periods of time.\"Gandhi's counter came after the HC recently stayed his order setting up an inquiry against some senior officers of the transparency panel for their alleged failure to reply to an RTI query filed in December, 2010. Justice Vipin Sanghi had stayed Gandhi's order setting up an inquiry against Anita Gupta, First Appellate Authority; M C Sharma, retired PIO; S Padmanabha, CPIO and Akash Deep Chakravarti, Deemed PIO and JS (Law) on an application filed by Naveen Kumar Peer under the Right To Information (RTI) Act alleging that the officials have failed to give \"satisfactory\" reply to his plea. The HC had passed the order on the plea of Chakravarti, an IAS officer posted with CIC, after he challenged Gandhi's April 19 interim order for the inquiry and argued the CIC had already created a full bench to deal with the case yet the ex-IC went ahead and passed orders.Gandhi has refuted all allegations by Chakravarti. He disputed the claim by Chakravarti that the IC is no longer authorized to conduct proceedings in CIC, and cited an office circular empowering him to work as an IC till July 6. Refuting another allegation Gandhi said he didn't initiate any penalty proceedings against Chakravarty and said the petitioner has leveled false allegations against him.Gandhi and the HC shared an uneasy relationship ever since he was appointed an IC. In another case, the court had observed that Gandhi demonstrated complete lack of judicial discipline and quashed two orders passed by him on appeals by an RTI activist against denial of information sought by him from the Registrar of Companies regarding a firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14857744", "title": "Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation may expand activities in state", "text": "PATNA: A three-member, high-level team of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will arrive here on a day's visit on Monday. The team members are Jeff Raikes, chief executive officer of the foundation, Kate James, chief communications officer, and Girindre Beeharry, director, India office, who will share their experiences related to the foundation's ongoing work in eight districts of Bihar, said a senior official of the foundation.The foundation is mainly working in health sector in partnership with the Bihar government. Senior health department officials of the state are hopeful of expanding activities after talks with the foundation team, said an official.Foundation's CEO Jeff Raikes leads the foundation's efforts to promote equity for all people around the world. He sets strategic priorities, monitors results, and facilitates relationships with key partners for all the major programme groups. Kate James serves as senior communications adviser for the foundation and is a member of the management committee.The Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation, which has $80 million worth five-year partnership with the Bihar government in health sector, particularly in immunization, vaccination and institutional delivery, has also shown its interest in expanding cooperation in agriculture sector. This was announced by the software czar and world's leading philanthropist Bill Gates during his second visit to Bihar in May last year.Gates, who was accompanied by his wife and foundation co-chair Melinda Gates and a strong team, had lauded the work of the Nitish government and said the foundation was doing well in Bihar. The couple and their team had visited Sabajpura and Jamsaut villages under Danapur subdivision in Patna district to review the work funded by the foundation.The foundation works through NGOs. It also suggests to the government the work to be done. In 2010 also, the couple had visited poverty-stricken Gularia village in Khagaria district and Tertariya village in Banka district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14856454", "title": "'Assam-Meghalaya boundary row should be mutually settled'", "text": "SHILLONG: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Thursday said Meghalaya should settle the boundary dispute with his state mutually, before seeking intervention of a third party.\"It is always better to settle the problem on our own,\" Gogoi said at a media conference after inspecting the ongoing construction work for an annexure to the Assam House here.\"Settlement of border disputes takes time,\" he said, even as he pointed out that disputes arise as both the parties claim the same areas. Gogoi, however, did not elaborate on the \"third party\" entity that he referred to.Asked to comment on Meghalaya CM's recent observation that Assam should observe restraint vis-a-vis the areas of disputes between the two states, Gogoi added, \"We want both governments to exercise restraint and we are doing it\".Observing that the boundary dispute was not a \"one-way problem\", the Assam CM said his state had disputes with Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh too, with the case relating to the latter pending before the Supreme Court at present.\"But relationship should not be strained due to this as we have to live together and this is our thrust area. We must have good ties in the entire Northeast,\" added Gogoi. \"There are a large number of forces trying to destabilize the region,\" he cautioned.When pointed out that the Assam assembly had negated a resolution adopted by Meghalaya assembly on setting up a Central Boundary Commission to resolve the issue, Gogoi was prompt to point out that Meghalaya, too, had earlier rejected recommendations of the Chandrachur Committee.Asked about the location of his home atop Koinadhara Hill at Khanapara, which Meghalaya claims to be its own, Gogoi smiled, \"Koinadhara, according to me, is mine and this is for the first time that I have heard of this\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856964", "title": "Illegal tobacco molasses, hookahs seized from metal shop", "text": "GURGAON: The food and drugs department conducted raids on a metal shop and seized illegal tobacco molasses and hookahs. The raiding team has also taken three samples for testing. This comes after the administration banned hookah bars and invoked Section 144 in Gurgaon.This is the first time tobacco molasses was found in a metal shop. FDA got a tip-off about the sale of illegal tobacco molasses, after which a team from Chandigarh conducted a raid on Krishna metal shop near Sohna Chowk. An FIR was lodged against the shop owner who also used to sell hookahs with the tobacco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14857436", "title": "Opera House lane swept of hawkers, parked vehicles", "text": "This day last year, the bomb that targeted the diamond industry in Opera House was surreptitiously hidden in a brick wall fitted with air-conditioners. As if to symbolize the transition, a new pole bearing a closed circuit camera marks the spot where the blast occurred.At least two diamond merchants' associations had each awarded a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to families of all those who died and Rs 50,000 or less to those who suffered injuries.Both bombs in Zaveri Bazar as well as Opera House were planted in the local Khau Galli or food lovers' paradise that would see huge gatherings in the evening. Just like Zaveri Bazar, hawkers in Opera House have been evicted as well. \"We are determined not to allow them to operate in the lane,\" says broker Sunil Shah.The road that was once jammed with vehicles is now a no-parking zone. \"Before July 13, 2011, so many motorbikes were parked along this road that pedestrian traffic was reduced to a single lane. One barely had to make an effort to walk, the crowds would push you along,\" says Bharatkumar V Shah, secretary of the Mumbai Diamond Merchants' Association. \"Now movement is free, which gives a sense of security.\"There seems to be a method in the madness. Amid the crowd of thousands, brokers say they often spot an unfamiliar face and discretely question the newcomer about his presence in the area. \"A police van has been stationed and constables do their bit to keep an eye on the crowd,\" says broker Rajnibhai Sharma.Closed circuit cameras have been scattered across the locality and Panchratna building, all monitored inside the society office of the association. In Panchratna building, all visitors are required to prepare photo identity cards and submit contact numbers to gain entry.Meanwhile, over in Dadar, the elderly typewriter portrait artiste Chandrakant Bhide watches vehicles park on the busy road outside Antonio Da Silva school every day. \"Things had returned to normal almost immediately,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857327", "title": "Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus kidnap accused, victim brought to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Three-year-old Sangeeta Pawar, who was kidnapped from CST last month and traced to Haridwar recently, was brought back to Mumbai by the railway police on Thursday.However, her parents, Laxman and Pushpabai Pawar, will have to wait before taking the girl home as her detailed medical tests are yet to be completed. The girl is in railway police custody.\"A preliminary examination has confirmed the girl wasn't sexually abused. The accused, Raju Gaur (25), has claimed that he took care of Sangeeta. He said that he gave her milk with Horlicks and applied talcum powder to protect her from north India's severe heat,\" a senior official said. Sangeeta will soon undergo a medical examination at JJ Hospital. Her parents have identified the girl. \"Their statements have been recorded and they appeared before a court with their claim over Sangeeta. The court ordered that Sangeeta's custody be transferred to them,\" the official said.Gaur, who has been brought to Mumbai on a transit remand, has been sent to police custody till July 18. \"He claims that he did not push the girl into begging nor is he a part of any begging syndicate,\" the official added. Sources said possibility of a plan to sell the girl could also be probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "14858274", "title": "Indian-American woman sexually assaulted, killed", "text": "LOS ANGELES: A 62-year-old Indian-American woman has been sexually assaulted and murdered in a California motel by a US army veteran, who has been charged and could face the death penalty, according to a media report on Thursday.Lalita Patel, who ran her family's motel - the Tracy Hacienda Inn - in Tracy city, California was found murdered on Saturday. Stephen Carreiro, who was recently discharged from the army, was arraigned in San Joaquin superior court on charges that he raped and killed Patel at the motel.Carreiro, 25, was naked when he was arrested around after fighting with witnesses and police at the motel in the 600 block of West 11th Street, San Jose Mercury News reported. Prosecutors filed five special-circumstances counts in addition to charges of murder, elder abuse and resisting arrest. Those counts were murder during the commission of a burglary, rape, rape with a foreign object, sodomy and mayhem, according to deputy district attorney Thomas Testa.If convicted of murder with special circumstances, Carreiro would face either life in prison without parole or execution. Prosecutors are still deciding whether to seek the death penalty, Testa said.Police said Carreiro also attacked the victim's 82-year-old mother but would not give the details of that assault. She is expected to recover from her injuries.Police would not describe the nature of Carreiro's attack on Patel or reveal whether a weapon was used. Tests to determine whether Carreiro was under the influence of any substance will take several weeks, Tracy police Capt John Espinoza said.Carreiro had moved to Tracy from out of state about a month ago, Testa said, but police and prosecutors were still probing his personal history. Espinoza said Carreiro had recently been discharged from the army, but didn't know details of his service.Patel was found near the office of the motel, where she was working Saturday night, Espinoza said. She was taken to a nearby hospital, where she was pronounced dead.Carreiro is being held without bail at the San Joaquin County Jail. He will appear next at a hearing on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858194", "title": "Cop held for attempted rape inside police station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the Mall police station sub-inspector accused of attempted rape was arrested on Thursday, top cops went into the damage control. Circle officer Malihabad Jitendra Srivastava was shifted and station officer R K Singh Maal suspended for laxity in the case.Director general of police AC Sharma said the charges levelled by the victim against sub-inspector Kamta Prasad Awasthi, posted at Mall police station, were prima-facie found true.Awasthi had allegedly tried to rape the victim inside Maal police station on Wednesday night. The victim, Sunita (name changed) in her complaint lodged with Maal police stated that she had a dispute with her neighbour Vijaylaxmi. But they reached a compromise and a compensation of Rs 30,000 was given to Sunita by Vijaylaxmi, However, about a month back, the victim and Vijaylaxmi again entered into a dispute. Later, Vijaylaxmi lodged a complaint against Sunita and her husband Gaya Prasad.On Wednesday night, sub-inspector Kamta Prasad Awasthi, who was probing the case, called Sunita to the police station on the pretext of solving her case.Acccording to Sunita, the S-I took her to a room in the police station and sought sexual favours. He even allegedly tried to outrage her modesty. Sunita, however, managed to escape from the police station. Sunita has also alleged that Awasthi had also made some obscene calls to her and claims having recorded them.Initially, the police had lodged a case of assault and intimidation, but it was later changed to attempted rape and assault. The accused sub-inspector has also been booked under section of prohibition of atrocities against members of the scheduled caste and schedule tribe.DGP refuted the allegation that police had initially tried to save the sub-inspector by saying he appeared to be of unstable mind . \"That statement in the inquiry reports is still there and he has been booked for attempted rape. This itself explains that the particular noting was not an attempt to help the SI in anyway,\" Sharma said. \"The officer who initially investigated the case found accused statements incoherent, suggesting a certain level of mental instability,\" DGP explained.Sharma said the victim's statement would be recorded before the magistrate under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).District police chief Ashutosh Pandey told reporters that the woman's statement would be recorded on Friday. He added that the woman and the S-I have been sent for medical examination. Earlier, Pandey visited Maal police station and took stock of the situation.The incident will be probed by SP (protocol) GP Chaturvedi.SHRC seeks reportTaking suo-moto cognisance of the incident, Justice Vishnu Sahai, member, State Human Rights Commission (SHRC), has directed principal secretary home, DGP and DIG to apprise it about the action taken against the accused sub-inspector by July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858997", "title": "Was Bharat Bhushan axed from DGCA post to save Kingfisher?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kingfisher Airlines may have had just 15 days to partially clear its massive salary and other dues or else face the prospect of licence suspension had Bharat Bhushan not been summarily removed as director general of civil aviation on Tuesday.On Monday, Bhushan's last day in office, the IAS officer is learnt to have expressed serious concern at Kingfisher's failure to stage any financial recovery and the safety impact of that on their aircraft. He is said to have decided to issue notice to Kingfisher on Tuesday\u2014 the day he was removed.The aviation ministry and the new dispensation in DGCA, however, deny that any such decision exists on the file of Kingfisher.'No favouritism to Kingfisher'On May 25, the DGCA gave a clean chit to Kingfisher (KF) operations. Even after that the aviation ministry on June 12 directed DGCA to 'heighten surveillance' on KF planes.DGCA was asked to keep a close watch on KF's operations and ensure that safety is maintained,\" said sources while showing communication between DGCA and the civil aviation ministry.On Thursday, there were indications that Bhushan would be eased out of the aviation ministry as well, where he is currently posted as additional secretary and financial adviser even as his former boss Vayalar Ravi, the overseas affairs minister, backed the Kerala cadre officer.The aviation ministry and KF maintain that Bhushan's removal had nothing to do with the airline. Ministry sources say the problem was with the PM-headed appointments committee of the Cabinet (ACC) giving extension to Bhushan as DG till December 2012 while the ministry had proposed IAS officer Arun Misra's name as full-time DG. Top officials deny any favoritism to Kingfisher.\"When Air India is not able to pay salaries to employees, how can DGCA ask Kingfisher to do the same? If employees are not getting paid and if they see no hope of the airline reviving, they are free to leave Kingfisher. The ministry cannot interfere in the airline except ensuring that its planes meet safety standards. We will shut down KF the moment DGCA sends us a note saying it is not meeting safety standards. But there is no such report from the regulator except for regular reports that said the airline was maintaining safety,\" said an official.The ministry and new dispensation in DGCA refute that Bhushan had given any order in writing for taking action or issuing notice to Kingfisher on Monday. \"I have gone through all the papers and have found nothing to suggest that any airline was on verge of closure,\" said new DG Prashant Sukul.Sukul has called all airlines and DGCA officials on Friday to review the situation, safety issues and familiarize himself with the requirements of this office.On Wednesday, Vayalar Ravi told reporters that he was surprise by the sudden removal of Bharat Bhushan as DGCA. \"He was one of the finest officers with a very strong faith and belief in norms... when I was civil aviation minister he had taken all efforts to check corrupt practices. I may have received some complaints (against Bhushan) but whenever I checked I found that the he was right all the time,\" agency reports quoted Ravi as saying on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14856551", "title": "Govt, self-financing medical college pact draws flak", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Muslim Students Federation (MSF), the student wing of IUML, has asked the state health minister to immediately cancel the agreement entered into by the government and the managements of self-financing medical colleges in the state.In a letter addressed to health minister V S Sivakumar, MSF state president P K Firoz has said the agreement was a blot on the entire UDF government as it had paved the way for managements to impose huge fees ranging from Rs 25,000 to Rs 2 lakh on students. He said that by allowing the managements to admit 15 per cent of students under 'privilege' seats, the health ministry had actually provided an opportunity for managements to 'auction off seats to the highest bidder' and helped them sell seats for huge amounts ranging from Rs 45 lakh to Rs 55 lakh.\"By specifically stating in the agreement that merit shall not be considered while filling up the privilege seats, you can also be suspected of having supported business deals,\" the letter said.The privilege seat clause has been incorporated in the agreement to admit students who had failed to qualify in the exams conducted under the supervision of the P A Mohammed Committee, the letter added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856907", "title": "Head constable jailed for bribe", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Thursday sentenced a head constable to three and a half years in jail for taking bribe. The court also slapped a fine of Rs 5,000 on the cop. The incident took place on February 3, 2010 at Kherki Dhaula.One Sandeep, a resident of Mahiveerpura colony, lodged a complaint with the vigilance bureau that when he had gone to retrieve his car from the Kherki Dhaula police station, head constable Vijay Kumar had demanded Rs 7,000 as bribe. He had initially wanted Rs 2,000 and the remaining Rs 5,000 later when the cop would return the car registration card. Sandeep's car driver had hit a biker in an accident in the service lane of expressway near Kherki Dhaula and the biker was hospitalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14856972", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to equip civic hospital for Kumbh", "text": "NASHIK: In the run-up to the Simhastha Kumbh Mela in 2015, the health department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to equip its Indira Gandhi Hospital at Panchvati with facilities to deal with health issues during the Kumbh and keep it open throughout the whole day for pilgrims.The NMC's Indira Gandhi Hospital at Panchvati will soon be extended to deal with health issues during the Simhastha Kumbh Mela in 2015. The hospital will be kept open for 24 hours during the period of the Kumbh Mela to serve pilgrims. The hospital staff will work in three shifts from 8am to 8pm.\"Presently, this hospital has around 60 beds. In view of the coming Simhastha Kumbh Mela, the NMC administration is planning to expand the capacity from the present 60 beds to 90 beds. Another 30 beds will be added. Besides, an outdoor patient diagnosis unit, a disaster management cell and an intensive care unit (ICU) is being planned at the hospital. This expansion has been included in the Simhastha action plan and has been sent to the state government for approval,\" NMC's health officer Dr D B Patil said.Doctors, interns, pharmacists, nurses , clerks, peons, ward boys, sanitary employees and drivers would work in shifts for 24 hours. The department has also demanded an ambulance that would be available for 24 hours.A disaster management cell and OPD will be set up at Sant Gadge Maharaj municipal school near Sant Gadge Maharaj Dharamshala, for which Rs 30 crore would be needed. The MICO guest house will be used for guests and for family welfare services. Here, around 70 patients would be accommodated, for which expansion of 25,000 sq ft is essential at an estimated cost of around Rs 5 crore.The health officer said that the proposal for all these projects have been forwarded to the government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14857939", "title": "Man held with rifle", "text": "GUMLA: Police on Thursday arrested a man and seized a country-made rifle and explosive materials at Shirkkot village under Ghaghra PS in Gumla district. The arrested man has been identified as Krishna Singh. tnna resident of Shirkkot, said Gumla SDPO CK Sinha. Police were tipped off that Dilip Gope, the kingpin of a criminal gang had given the rifle and other materials to his associate Krishna Singh. \"Accordingly, a police team conducted the raid at Singh's house and seized a country made rifle with magazine, explosive materials, fuse wire and detonators,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856841", "title": "In a drive, 1,767 passengers caught without ticket", "text": "VARANASI: A total of 1,767 passengers travelling without tickets were caught in a drive conducted in trains on different routes of North Eastern Railway (NER) from July 1 to 12. A sum of Rs 14,73,934 was collected as fine from these passengers. The drive was conducted on the instruction of DRM, NER Varanasi, Lalit Kapoor. According to the spokesperson, the drive was conducted in several trains running on different routes of the division.Teej Mela: The Mahila Mandal Kashi is going to organize Teej Mela on July 14.Awarded: The Bank of Baroda was awarded with three Reserve Bank Rajbhasha Shields for 2010-11 for its contribution in progressive use of Hindi in bank's works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14860469", "title": "States must ensure free education to children: Rights body", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Providing free and compulsory education to children was statutory obligation of state governments under the Right to Education Act (RTE), a member of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) said on Thursday.Governments should provide free and compulsory education to children under the age group of 6 to 14 years, NCPCR member justice B Subhashan Reddy said.He was addressing a press conference after conducting a public hearing on the issue of children's right to education here in Andhra Pradesh.He said the commission members conducted public hearing on 16 cases. Most of the complaints pertained to lack of adequate schools as per the RTE Act, shortage of teachers and lack of basic infrastructure like drinking water and toilets in schools.\"We have issued instructions to authorities concerned to solve these problems by July 31 and send us a report,\" Justice Reddy said.The commission, set up in March 2007, heard the complaints from four districts of Srikakulam, Viziangaram, Visakhaptnam and East Godavari.Another member of the panel, Deepa Dixit, on Wednesday visited some villages in the tribal-dominated areas of Visakhaptnam district to examine the implementation of the landmark Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861745", "title": "Amit Sumal brings to you Chehera", "text": "Born and bred in Glasgow in Scotland, Amit was introduced to the world of music through his father, a genuine music lover. Realising his son had a good grasp of music, Amit was introduced to his first music teacher at the tender age of six, from whom he started to learn Western classical piano. A few years later as Amit's piano playing was progressing he commenced training in his second instrument, the Voilin.During this period, Amit was also formally introduced to Indian music by his Glaswegian Guru ji, Vijay Kangutkar who taught him Tabla. Besides playing the Tabla, Amit also gave Vijay credit for being the first person to discipline him in 'riyaz' techniques (Indian music patterns of practice), which he found extremely useful and now uses for his singing.As a teenager, Amit gained a reputation for being a local musician and accompanied various artists during concerts and mehfils. It wasn't until the age of 18 that Amit started to take interest in Hindi sangeet and began singing. Initially, Amit was very shy and wouldn't even let his family hear him sing but was encouraged by people who had heard him and was told to consider singing as a career choice. Amongst the people who encouraged him was Vips, the owner of VIP Records!Still too young to take his life seriously, Amit decided to keep his singing as a hobby but began to broaden his knowledge of Indian film songs. The more he listened, the more he became a fan of a wide range of great Indian singers, like Mohd Rafi Sahib, Udit Narayan and Jagjit Singh ji. After completing his further education, Amit started taking music more seriously and went to India on a number of occasions to gain a deeper understanding of Indian Classical music.During this time, Amit stayed in Pune where he accumulated most of his singing skills from a very devoted and immensely talented, knowledgeable gentleman called Mr Gadgil. In Mumbai, Amit had the privilege of learning from Ustad Dilshad Khan and Begum Praveen Saltana; two of the most respected names globally in Indian classical music.As well as vocal training, Amit took advantage of the fact that he was in India and also learnt to play some raagas with a rare Indian instrument called the Sarod, from Pandit Shekhar Borkar who is yet another well respected guru ji and Amit says he is forever indebted to him.Amit Sumal releases his debut single 'Chehera' via VIP Records.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857046", "title": "Gurgaon a haven for illegal arms dealers", "text": "GURGAON: The use of illegal arms in the Pataudi shooting case has reinforced the fact of illegal arms being smuggled into Gurgaon district unchecked. In this case, police recovered around 20 cartridge shells which were used in a .32 bore country-made pistol.It's very easy to buy or sell illegal weapons in Gurgaon and Delhi-NCR. Last year, after the arrest of an illegal weapon smuggler, weapon suppliers disclosed to police that he had got weapons like .32-bore country-made pistols for just Rs 15,000 and sell them at around Rs 35, 000.Sources said that the illegal \"Desi Katta\" is also available in city at just Rs 2,500 to Rs 5,000. In Gurgaon, active criminals are easily getting country-made weapons at low prices. In some of the important cases including the murder of a toll gate attendant, a country-made pistol was used by the criminals.Senior police officers say that on an average five to seven criminals are arrested with illegal weapons every month. Most of these illegal firearms are brought in from nearby regions in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and even parts of Bihar. Easy availability and affordable prices have pushed the demand for these weapons in a region where property disputes are very common. Last year, police seized 32 pistols, 138 country-made revolvers and 176 cartridges that were illegally possessed in different cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858468", "title": "Greater chances of humans settling in other planet: Expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: The possibility of human beings migrating to other planets similar to that of the earth is not remote and Indian space scientists have already started research works in this direction, said T Sivathanu Pillai, chief controller of research and development at Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and chief executive officer of BrahMos Aerospace here on Thursday.Addressing media persons on the sidelines of a space festival going on at Bharathiar University, he said there are greater possibilities of establishing human settlements in other planets and there is much scope for developing space tourism.According to him, there are planets like Kepler22h and Gliesen667c which have the same temperature as that of the earth. \"People can settle in these planets and can come back to the earth for a vacation,\" he said. These planets are outside the solar system and at a distance of 122 light years.\"This may be a crazy project. It may not even be realized in our life time. But it will happen,\" said Pillai.\"Human settlements in other planets will become possible in the next hundred or two hundred years,\" he said. Pillai said that the scientific sector is embarking on many ambitious projects.Among the projects being discussed are measures to reduce the cost of space exploration, explore possibilities of space tourism, and generate power from space, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "sant nagar sirsa", "code": "14859219", "title": "Odds couldn't deter Sardar spirit", "text": "SANT NAGAR SIRSA: In the sleepy village Sant Nagar of Haryana's Sirsa district, Sardar Singh's house is easy to locate today. He is a hockey icon and vice captain of the Indian national team that will play in the coming Olympics after a gap of eight years.However, for Sardar's parents Gurnam Singh and Jasveer Kaur, who are the force behind the player, it has been a journey fraught with struggles.Gurnam, popularly called Dr Gurnam by the villagers, was a registered medical practitioner (RMP) in the village and was hardly earning enough to meet ends meet for his family of four.His monthly income was Rs 1,000 -1,200 and the family could not even afford to think to spend on diet and sport kit of Sardar.\"I still remember when Sardar was around 12 years and demanded hockey shoes worth Rs 1,000, my wife spent an entire day to convince him to give up playing the game, as it would be a waste of time and energy,\" said Gurnam, recalling that the game was not lucrative at that time.Sardar's mother Jasveer, 48, recounted that Sardar was highly talented in hockey but she used to feel bad while escaping him as she was unable to meet his demands.A follower of Namdhari sect of Sikhs, the family had some unproductive, arid land and there was no other source of income. Gurnam even tried his luck abroad and went with his relatives to Bangkok but could not earn much there and came back disappointed.Sardar's dreams got wings only when the head of Namdhari sect Guru Jagjit Singh identified his talent and admitted him at a hockey academy in Ludhiana.\"Today, it seems like a dream because we have gone through a phase when the value of our entire property/assets was much lesser than the total value of equipment lying in Sardar's personal gym, which was recently set up at his home in the village,\" Jasveer said.About Sardar's passion for hockey, she added that he followed his elder brother Didar Singh, who has also played hockey at the national level. Sardar was so crazy about hockey that he used to sneak away with his father's cycle in the afternoon to practice at the ground.Now, the two-room accommodation of Sardar has been replaced by a palatial house with swanky Volkswagen car parked out.Despite the celebrity status of their son Sardar, who is also a DSP in Haryana police, Gurnam and Jasveer are very down-to-earth and attribute the turn of fortune on the Almighty. Jasveer wishes a hockey medal for India this year at London and wants to solemnize Sardar's marriage after the Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858977", "title": "Starlet\u2019s \u2018husband\u2019 denies marriage", "text": "Sonu, the alleged \"husband\" of Bollywood starlet Laila Khan, has denied that he was married to her. Parvez Tak had told the police that Laila had married Sonu and wanted to migrate to Dubai with her family. Sonu had come from Dubai on Tuesday on his father's request and the crime branch questioned him about his links with Laila on Wednesday and Thursday. Sonu is the son of Dubai-based non-resident Indian Kamal Jadhwani. Sonu denied that he was detained by the police and said he had presented himself before the police, so that he can clear his name. Police wanted to check whether Sonu had the passport of Laila with him and also if he had arranged for visas for the entire family to move to Dubai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14859369", "title": "2 more \u2018tainted\u2019 judges held", "text": "HYDERABAD: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) sleuths on Thursday formally arrested judges D Prabhakar Rao and K Lakshminarasimha Rao, bringing the number of judges arrested to four in mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy cash-for-bail case. Both Prabhakar, a family court judge at Srikakulam , and Lakshminarasimha , chief judge of small causes court in Hyderabad, have already been suspended.The two judges, whose houses were raided on Wednesday by the ACB, were charged with conspiring with the mining baron's men to influence CBI court judge T Pattabhirama Rao into granting bail to Gali in return for Rs 10 crore as bribe. On Thursday evening, ACB sleuths produced both Prabhakar and Lakshminarasimha before principal special judge S Jagannadham of the ACB court, who remanded them in judicial custody till July 26.Pattabhi, the disgraced CBI judge who gave bail to Gali on May 11, and his friend T V Chalapathi Rao - a retired district judge who struck the deal for Rs 5 crore - have already been arrested.The ACB remand report detailed the efforts made by Lakshminarasimha, Prabhakar and real estate broker Ravi Suryaprakash Babu to put pressure on CBI court judge Pattabhi into granting bail to the mining baron in return for a cash booty of Rs 10 crore.While Suryaprakash went to Bellary and met Gali Somashekhar Reddy, Bellary MLA Sriramulu and another MLA K H Suresh Babu and struck a deal for Rs 15 crore, Lakshminarasimha was at the same time holding meetings in Hyderabad with Prabhakar to fix the deal with Pattabhi. It was finally left to Prabhakar to influence Pattabhi as he was his batchmate.But Gali Janardhan Reddy's men did not rely on Prabhakar's efforts alone. They had opened another channel through retired district judge Chalapathi, a trusted friend of the CBI court judge. Though this deal was only for Rs 5 crore, Pattabhi chose this route because Chalapati did not put any preconditions for carrying out the task. Whereas the other group led by Prabhakar Rao wanted Pattabhi to meet one of Gali Janardhan Reddy's men to strike the deal.Gali got bail but CBI additional SP R M Khan unearthed the behind-thescenes dealings and alerted the AP high court. Later, the case was entrusted to ACB for investigation. The remand report also details how Lakshminarasimha , in his earlier capacity as a high court registrar (enquiries), tried unsuccessfully to influence the previous CBI court judge, Nagamaruti Sarma.ACB sleuths collected the call details of all the accused and, together with their confessions , filed the case under sections 8, 9 and 10 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, and also under IPC sections that deal with criminal conspiracy, criminal misconduct and abuse of official position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14858083", "title": "Madurai's French quotient", "text": "MADURAI: Come evening and the American College in Madurai sharpens its French connection as students gather for classes at the Alliance Francaise (AF) that functions in the college premises. The number of students preferring to learn foreign languages has shot up with increasing job prospects for those proficient in multiple languages.\"The teaching methodology exposes students to the French language and culture from day one,\" says R Kannan Raman, an alumnus of AF who now teaches at the Velammal Matriculation School in Madurai. \"The language training provided during the course is job-oriented as they train you on both the spoken and written language. There is also a lot of assistance from the French government for students and many of my classmates visited French-speaking countries to gain more insight on their culture,\" says R Rickey, another alumnus. Rickey teaches French at a catering institute in Madurai and other schools in Mettupalayam. \"I earn Rs 22,000 per week taking three classes in Coimbatore and another Rs 15,000 for teaching French in Madurai,\" Rickey said.Professor Milton Powers from Alliance Francaise says that they encourage independent progress and active learning by employing modern and efficient teaching techniques. \"We include activities like role plays, discussions, songs, listening to CDs, dialogues and films,\" he said. Students can appear for the Diplome d'Etudes en Langue Francaise (DELF) and the Diplome Approfondi de Langue Francaise (DALF) exams to obtain the internationally valid certificate from France. These certificates are mandatory for Canada immigration. Besides, learning French throws open numerous job opportunities in the field of translation and interpretation and many French companies in India prefer candidates who are proficient in French, he said.Details on French Classes at Alliance Francaise - Madurai- AF in Madurai was started in 2002 and so far more than 400 candidates have passed out the classes- Candidates can take levels from A 1 to C 1 in the campus and they can also appear for DELF and DALF side by side after completing A 1 level- Each level consists of 160 hours training and the course fee starts from Rs 8,300 for level A 1 &amp; A 2, Rs 9,000 for B 1, Rs 10,500 for B 2 and Rs 11,300 for C 1- Minimum age limit is 14 and no upper age limit to enroll in AF- CAMPUS FRANCE of French Embassy located in Alliance Francaise of Chennai guides the students and public to do higher studies and training programs in France and for getting scholarships- Classes are held from 6.30 pm to 8.30 pm which is a confirmed batch to help the working people- Classes begin on July 16 and interested can contact AF in Madurai or call Prof Milton Powers at 98421 09298 for enrollment and other queries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857060", "title": "Dumper mows down two bikers, burnt by villagers", "text": "GURGAON: After a dumper knocked down two bikers coming from the opposite direction on the Sohna-Palwal highway on Thursday, the residents of Sohna and nearby villages burnt down the vehicle and blocked the road for almost three hours, bringing traffic to a standstill. The two bikers were brothers, one of whom was declared as brought dead when rushed to the civil hospital, while the other's condition is critical. The blockade jammed the traffic, resulting in a two kilometer long line of vehicles.The incident took place around 5:30 am. According to an eyewitness, a Police Control Room (PCR) van was stationed on the road and policemen were checking vehicles. Meanwhile, the dumper driver was approaching the check-point from Sohna, with a vehicle overloaded with stones. To escape the police, the dumper driver started driving on the wrong side and ended up knocking down two bikers. The dumper driving did not stop, despite the bikers getting stuck to a tyre of the vehicle. They were pulled till about 10 foot away. The culprit fled, leaving the dumper on the road. The policemen at the check-point rushed to rescue the injured.The victims were taken to the civil hospital. The victims, who are residents of Sohna, have been identified as one 22-year-old Ninder, who died on spot and one 11-year-old Mahendra, who is being treated at a private hospital in Gurgaon. Police handed over the body of Ninder to his family after post-mortem. \"We have lodged an FIR against the unidentified dumper driver, who fled from the spot. We will arrest him as soon as possible. We have also started a special check on illegal dumpers,\" said ACP.The death of Ninder infuriated the residents and they have been demanding the arrest of the accused driver. The residents alleged that the police was present during the time of the incident, but did not make an effort to catch the driver. The SHO of Sohna reached the spot and unsuccesfully tried to pacify the protesters.However, when Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF) reached the spot, he assured the people that the accused will be arrested soon and action against the policemen, who had neglected their duty, will be taken. The protesters agreed to stop their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858515", "title": "Anti-Maoist operations norms likely to be formulated today", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of the row over recent killing of 19 people in anti-Maoist operation in Chhattisgarh, senior officials of the Centre and nine naxal-hit states will on Friday take stock of the ongoing offensives against the extremists and chalk out a strategy to avoid collateral damages, especially when the ultras use innocent villagers as 'human shield' during operations.The meeting, to be chaired by special secretary (internal secretary) in the home ministry Ajay Chadha, will review the anti-naxal operations in the nine states, and is expected to formulate standard operating procedures (SOPs) for actions against Maoists if civilians are caught in the cross fire.\"The main emphasis of the SOPs will be how to check Maoists' tactic of using human shield and minimize collateral damage in action,\" an official said.The home ministry officials are likely to advise state government officials to post only senior and experienced police officers as SHOs in police stations and provide enough arms and ammunition in police stations located in Maoist-hit states.There have been reports that in at least three police stations in the worst-affected Sukma district in Chhattisgarh, where police station in-charges are in the rank of assistant sub-inspector instead of inspector or sub-inspector.Besides, there are reports that several police stations in Odisha's Noapara district do not have enough arms and ammunition.The meeting will also review the status of the Security Related Expenditure schemes, police vacancy status of the states and their steps to recruit fresh personnel besides others.Senior officials of paramilitary forces and state police will attend the meeting, which has been convened days after security forces were accused of killing civilians along with Maoists during an operation in Chhattisgarh's Bijapur area.A clear directive is expected to be issued to security forces engaged in anti-Maoist operations to abandon the exercise if civilians are being used by naxals as human shield during daytime, sources said.Besides, if any operation is conducted at night, forces will be asked to use night vision equipment and make enough arrangements to illuminate the area to find out whether the Maoists are trying to take civilians along with them.Meanwhile, the CRPF chief K Vijay Kumar on Thursday said: \"It is a concern and regret if they (the 19 killed) were innocent civilians. This information (that some of them were naxals) was based on police records shared with us ... we have said that seven of those killed were naxalites.\"Speaking to reporters on sidelines of a function, Kumar said an inquiry has been ordered and he should not be talking any more about the identities of those killed.He said he would not \"speculate\" further on the subject, including on possible action against his men who were part of the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14858476", "title": "RTE Forum to spread wings in state", "text": "MANGALORE: RTE Forum, a national-level platform of people's organizations working towards effectively mobilizing the community to ensure the implementation of the Right to Education Act, (RTE) 2009,is planning to expand its activities in the state.The forum, which is an informal alliance of various organizations like Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL), Child Rights and You (CRY), UNICEF, UNESCO and others, has already begun its work in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal, Odisha, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Uttarakhand, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.CACL activist Udaya Kumar told TOI that a preliminary meeting to chalk out plans to set up the state branch of the forum will be held in Bangalore on Friday.\"NGOs and all stakeholders will take part in the meet and about 300-400 organizations are expected to join hands for the initiative,\" he added.According to educationist Renni D'Souza the forum is a collective national initiative of civil society. \"The major role of the forum is to defend its ideological stance on a host of issues related to education. The forum seeks to address issues related RTE implementation at different levels. It works towards demanding the governments upgrade all government schools on par with the standards of Kendriya Vidyalayas. This is the first step towards building a national system which ensures quality education to all children,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "14856381", "title": "Neiphiu Rio for more agriculture output to narrow GDP gap", "text": "DIMAPUR: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio on Thursday underlined the need to increase agricultural productivity of the state to marginalize the state's GDP gap.Speaking on the occasion of distribution of post harvest management machineries in Agronag, the chief minister said about 71% of the state's population is engaged in farming, but they are only contributing to 20% of GDP.He added that farmers need to adopt modern and scientific methods of farming to increase productivity. \"The 50% deficit in the state's GDP has to be narrowed down and the educated unemployed youth must help us fill the gap,\" he said.Stating that there are 65,000 educated unemployed youths waiting for white-collar jobs, he added that there are only 1,000 government jobs available in a year. Rio said Nagaland employs the largest number of people in government in the country, but the government has reached a saturation point.The chief minister added that the state government's administrative cost cannot go beyond 35%, but it has already crossed 65%. \"Sixty five per cent of funds are spent on administrative costs and only 35% is used for development activities,\" he said.He urged the Nagas to start working instead of looking for government jobs. \"If the Nagas think that they can survive without working, they are fooling themselves and destroying society,\" he said.Calling upon educated unemployed youths to take a lead and promote farming in the state, the chief minister said the government can only facilitate and support them. He also challenged the youths to fill the gap between farming and market.The chief minister, who also released the Vision Document 2025 - Food for All, said his vision could be realized only if people started working. He assured all help from the corpus fund to support young entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858381", "title": "Auto fare campaign gathers speed", "text": "CHENNAI: Continuing with the campaign for rationalisation of autorickshaw fares in the city, a group of activists met on Thursday to prepare for their meeting with the transport commissioner on Friday.The online campaign, 'Rationalise Autorickshaw Fares in Chennai', was started on June 25 by Prahalathan Karunakaran. In less than two weeks, a petition in this regard received more than 5,800 signatures. The group will submit the petition to the transport commissioner, T Prabhakara Rao, on Friday.\"We met today to ensure that all of us are on the same page when we meet the commissioner,\" said Prahalathan. \"We will ask for a specific timeline for our demands,\" he added. The group will also try to meet transport minister Senthil Balaji. The campaign demands a tariff structure that reflects fuel prices and also a dedicated helpline for commuters to report on erring autorickshaw drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857512", "title": "Generous Mumbai gives hope to victims\u2019 kin", "text": "MUMBAI: Relatives of victims of the serial blasts that ripped through three busy city locations are still struggling to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives. A year on, many are coming to terms with changed family equations and serious financial concerns.Yet amidst all the darkness, some families have stories to share about their neighbours and Samaritans who have stood behind them like rock. Anusha, wife of Mohan Naik (46) who was killed in Zaveri Bazaar, cannot thank the city enough for its support. She thought with the death of her husband, the education of her sons Akshay (14) and Adarsh (11) would come to a standstill. But a popular hotel in Mumbai has been paying their fees while a political party bought them uniforms and stationery. And her neighbours' support has been constant.Dahisar resident Sarika Jain had similar things to say. The widow of Sunilkumar Jain who was killed in the Opera House blast, said her neighbours have been paying the maintenance bills for her flat for the past year. Also, Rustomjee School where both her sons study has waived off their fees for two years. \"Tata group also helped me for six months,\" she said.Sarika, though, is going through rough weather as she is currently jobless. The mother of two was appointed as an accountant by a Borivli school in September last year. But soon, she discovered that the post was reduced to that of an attendant, and so she quit.Bhayander resident Pronoti Das has not managed to look for a job owing to a nagging stomach ailment. She spends sleepless nights thinking of his son Abhishek's education after losing her husband Baburam Das to the Opera house blast. \"I have been managing with the compensation and donations from family and friends,\" she said. Pronoti is anxiously awaiting the Rs 3 lakh compensation promised by the central government. All four victims of Thane are waiting to hear from the collectorate's office.Mira Road's Kamil Navadiya (21) has taken over from where his father Bhupatbhai left. A year after the Opera House blast killed diamond trader Bhupatbhai, his elder son is getting a hang of the family business. \"Life has to go on,\" said the victim's brother Kaushik.Father of Avinash Tamka (24) Kirtikumar, too, said, \"The grief's not going to go anytime soon. But then you can't remain in the past, you have to move on\". The youngster had gone for a snack at Khau Galli when the blast took place.Children of 35-year-old Sripal Mujpura, who fell victim at Opera House, have just about resumed their normal lives. His wife Sumati said she had to grow stronger overnight and take charge as her children were badly affected by the tragedy. \"Both my son and daughter had broken down and took very long to come to terms. There was immense support from the school both emotionally and financially,\" she said.(Contributed by Sandhya Nair, Sumitra Deb Roy, Nitasha Natu and Nathaniel Valthaty)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14861220", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: One more youth arrested, 12 others identified", "text": "GUWAHATI: One more youth has been arrested on the charge of stripping and molesting a girl in a busy area here while 12 others involved in the incident have been identified.A total of four persons have been arrested in connection with the incident in front of a bar on the Guwahati-Shillong Road on Monday night, which led to a public outcry after a video of the shocking incident was uploaded on Youtube .\"One more person has been arrested and 12 others have been identified,\" Assam director general of police Jayanta Narayan Chowdhury said.\"Thanks to the prompt media coverage we have got the video clip of the brawl and have identified 12 of them. We will take strong action against the guilty,\" the DGP said.Narrating the sequence of events, Chowdhury said, four girls and two boys, apparently known to each other, entered the bar on Monday night, where they subsequently had a brawl and were forced outside by the establishment's security.\"When the six came out on the streets, local people taking advantage of the situation pushed and pulled one of the girls and attempted to strip and molest her,\" the DGP said.\"The police were alerted and they reached the scene immediately after the incident and rescued the girl,\" he said.Asked about the safety of women in Guwahati, the DGP said, \"This incident does not prove that there are predators lurking in the city\".\"This is just an isolated incident when local people took advantage of the situation and indulged in the crime,\" the DGP said.One of those arrested earlier was a contractual employee of the Assam Electronic Development Corporation Ltd Amarjyoti Kalita, who had also acted in an Assamese serial.The other two arrested were Dhanonjoy Basfor and Bulbul Das.They were charged under Sec 341 (wrongful restraint), Sec 143 (unlawful assembly), Sec 294 (obscene act), Sec 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), Sec 354 (assault or criminal force on a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) of IPC following a written complaint filed by the girl's mother.Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has termed the incident unfortunate and said it should not have been allowed to occur.He has also directed the district administration and police to monitor all bars, clubs, discos and hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14858979", "title": "Police mishandled Laila Khan case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Opposition on Thursday criticized the Mumbai police over handling of the Laila Khan murder case. Opposition leader Eknath Khadse demanded to know why the police did not immediately take cognizance of the missing person's complaint filed at Igatpuri police station in January. A second complaint was filed at Oshiwara in February , he said.He was also critical of the police bungling in the Vikram Palande-Simran Sood case. \"Why is police inspector Shinde still not dismissed ?\"Khadse also questioned the government for protecting the Beed doctor couple involved in female foeticide cases. Earlier, initiating the debate on the deteriorating law and order situation in the state, Khadse demanded the resignation of NCP minister Fauzia Khan over terror suspect Abu Jundal being allowed to stay in her room at MLA hostel in 2006. He questioned her continuation in office and the clean chit given to her by the home department. Referring to the killing of another terror Quateel Siddiqui recently in Yerawada prison, he said postmortem reports revealed he was drunk.Khadse questioned how liquor was served in the high security anda cell of the prison.Pointing to the lack of accountability , he said the jail superintendent has shifted the security guards from the anda cell to his bungalow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857751", "title": "Surrogate mom abducted, raped by former client", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A pregnant surrogate mother was allegedly raped by a police constable's son, who, along with his wife, had recently employed her services to bear their child.The 30-year-old victim has been admitted to Civil Hospital for treatment and a complaint has been registered at the Mahila police station in Karanj.On Wednesday, the victim approached the city crime branch and registered a complaint against Rajkumar Jadav (30), a resident of Nadiad. According to the woman, a resident of Ahmedabad, Rajkumar had abducted her and raped her at his residence in Nadiad. Police inspector of the mahila police station, Chetna Chaudhary, said: \"After we get the medical report of the victim, we shall arrest Rajkumar.\"The woman, in her FIR, has said that in 2010 a Nadiad-based doctor had contacted her and told her that Rajkumar required her services to bear a child. Rajkumar was married for several years but the couple did not have any children.Rajkumar and the surrogate signed a contract after she agreed to the proposal. She was supposed to get Rs 2 lakh as fees. Rajkumar paid her and advance of Rs 40,000. On October 11, 2011, she gave birth to a baby boy. Though Rajkumar took custody of the boy, he did not pay the remaining amount to her. The issue became a bone of contention between the duo and the woman kept reminding him about the payment.Rajkumar had visited the woman in Ahmedabad on Sunday and promised to pay her the remaining money. \"The complainant claimed that she was convinced by his assurance and agreed to accompany him to Nadiad to get the payment. She has alleged that in Nadiad Rajkumar took her to his house and raped her. The woman also claims that she is now pregnant with the surrogate child for another childless couple,\" said an officer of the Mahila police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lancashire", "code": "14862079", "title": "Lahiri prepares for baptism of fire at The Open", "text": "LANCASHIRE: Indian golfer Anirban Lahiri is gearing up for trial by fire when he makes his Major debut at The Open Championship at Royal Lytham and St Annes, England next week.The 25-year-old, who is a two-time winner on the Asian Tour, earned his place in the world's oldest Major through International Final Qualifying - Asia in Thailand and has been eagerly waiting to line-up alongside great players.\"Of the four Majors, the Open and the Masters are probably the hallowed events. Growing up, that's where you want to be ... it's been a dream of mine. I'm really fortunate and privileged that I will be a part of an event like this. It's an opportunity to move my game into the next level,\" said Lahiri.In preparation of the biggest challenge yet to his young career, Lahiri made a visit to Royal Lytham and St Annes in early June with his coach and played several rounds to acclimatise to links golf, which is synonymous with The Open.\"I think it was good that I managed to go there early to get a feel for the course. It was a great experience and it sets me up for The Open. I played a couple of rounds and fortunately, the winds switched which was good. It gave me a great look at how things might be.\"I had my coach with me for the trip and it was a smart decision. He put things into perspective for me,\" said Lahiri.Lahiri said the Asians will face a tough challenge in conditions so unfamiliar to them. The closest an Asian has come to winning The Open was in 1971 when Lu Liang-huan of Chinese Taipei finished second behind Lee Trevino of the United States .\"It's going to be a new experience. It'll be hard to say if I'm going to be over-awed. It'll be the best field I'll be in. I've played in some big events, played with Phil (Mickelson) before. But the Open is a whole different ball game,\" said Lahiri, who is currently eighth on the Asian Tour Order of Merit.\"It is a very tough course. There are 208 bunkers and all of them are in play depending on the wind. It can be so severe if the wind switches. You can't stand up and bully the hole into domination. Strategy will be very critical and I think I've worked out most of them,\" Lahiri said.Since breaking out on the Asian Tour in 2008, Lahiri's stock has risen sharply with each passing season. He won the Panasonic Open India last year for his maiden Tour victory and followed up with a second win earlier this season at the SAIL-SBI Open, which was also on home soil.He reckons the atmosphere at The Open will be electrifying.\"Come the Open, the atmosphere will be very different. When I was there (in June), they already had the grandstands up. You kind of walk underneath the main grandstand and on to the first tee, like you're walking through a tunnel.\"When you come out of it, you're on the tee. It will be very special. It was good that I went early as I will be less overwhelmed when I get back there,\" said Lahiri.With both his Tour wins being at the notoriously difficult Delhi Golf Club, Lahiri said it would help him tackle the demanding challenges of links golf, which is often associated with strong gale winds, cold and rain.\"The courses in Asia are so different than what I will play. I had a local caddie when I played some rounds at Royal Lytham and St Annes and the wind was up and I had to hit a lot of low shots.\"My caddie turned around and asked where I learned to hit those low shots and I just said you've got to hit them at DGC as that's the only shot you hit there to avoid those trees! I like to believe that I can be comfortable on a links course,\" said Lahiri.Lahiri's father will accompany him to The Open, the first time they are travelling together outside of India. \"He's super excited and I'm super excited that he's coming out with me. It'll be special.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14857821", "title": "Students fall sick in Jamshedpur after consuming poisonous meal", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: More than 12 students of a government-run residential school fell sick after consuming poisonous food in Majhgaon block of the West Singhbhum district on Wednesday night.Sources said the students of Kasturba Gandhi Residential Girls' School, Majhgaon, over 120 km from here, fell sick after having the meal that had turned poisonous allegedly after a lizard fell into it. \"A little after taking the meal, several students started vomiting and many fell unconscious and were admitted to a nearby hospital,\" a source said adding except three students, the rest were discharged and attended school on Thursday.The students whose condition turned serious were referred to the Sadar hospital, Chaibasa. \"The three students are responding to the treatment well,\" said Majhgaon block development officer, Shailesh Kumar Priyadarshi. The subdivisional officer of Jagannatpur was, however, not available for comment.The BDO confirmed that all the students were out of danger and administration was ensuring adequate medical treatment for them. \"It is for the senior authorities to take a call,\" said the BDO when asked if any probe would be ordered into the incident. Local people said the number of girls affected was more than the figures put forward by the district administration. \"We have learnt that over 20 girls fell sick after consuming the poisonous meal,\" said a Majhgaon panchayat member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857561", "title": "Snag sparks fire in Calcutta State Transport Corporation bus", "text": "KOLKATA: Around 35 passengers had a narrow escape after a CSTC ( Calcutta State Transport Corporation) bus suddenly caught fire on the Rajarhat Expressway at Jatragachi on Thursday afternoon. Two fire tenders rushed to the spot and controlled the flames after 45 minutes of firefighting.A major accident was averted due to the bus driver Shyamal Pal's presence of mind. \"It was around 2.30pm when the engine developed a snag and I found smoke billowing from the engine. I immediately applied the brakes and all passengers got down in time. No one was injured,\" Pal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858217", "title": "Centre gives nod to widen NH 231", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an attempt to improve the road infrastructure in Rae Bareli, the Centre under the fourth phase of National Highway Development Programme has approved the proposal to increase the width of National Highway 231 in UP. The highway originates from Rae Bareli, passes through Salon, Pratapgarh, Machhlishahr and terminates at Jaunpur.The entire 166.40 kilometres of the double-lane highway will be given 'paved shoulders'. \"The idea is to construct pavements, half the width of the lane, alongside two lanes to increase the width of the road,\" said a senior officer in the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH), New Delhi. Under the fourth phase of NHDP, Rae Bareli is already getting its connectivity improved on two stretches, 70 kilometres of Lucknow-Rae Bareli highway and 119 kilometres of Rae Bareli-Allahabad Road. Sources in NHAI shared that the four-laning of Lucknow-Rae Bareli stretch is on since November 2011 at an estimated cost of approximately Rs 630 crore, while the two-laning of Rae Bareli-Allahabad is on since December 2010 at an estimated cost of approximately Rs 290 crore. \"Increasing the width of Rae Bareli-Jaunpur stretch will upgrade the highway,\" said sources NHAI, Rae Bareli. This is the third stretch in Rae Bareli district, which will benefit given the Centre's focus.The project, however, will not only benefit Rae Bareli, which is an important constituency of Congress, but also, Pratapgarh and Amethi, which are also important. The project is likely to reduce the time and cost of travel for traffic on the said stretch. \"The pavements will reduce congestion. The vehicles, which get stopped mid-way, can at least be taken to the pavements than blocking the traffic,\" said sources in MoRTH.The project will also increase the employment potential for the local labourers for the project activities. The total estimated cost of the project will be Rs 647.98 crore out of which Rs 78.62 crore will be for land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation and pre-construction and Rs 569.36 crore will be for construction.In December 2011, ahead of the UP state assembly elections, the Centre had announced upliftment of six state highways in UP. Two of the stretches running along Rae Bareli are part of it, the 177 kilometres of Fatehpur-Rae Bareli-Jagdishpur-Faizabad road and 60 kilometres of Jagdishpur-Jais (Rae Bareli)-Salon (Rae Bareli) road.UP has 43 national highways passing through it. The total length of the highways is 6,681 km, of which 3,178 km comes under the state public works department (PWD). In September 2011, the then chief minister Mayawati had written to the Prime Minister highlighting the poor condition of some of the national highways in the state, after which the Centre announced upgradation of six identified stretches. But, most of these stretches pass through the constituencies represented by Congress leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856877", "title": "Addict to counselor, a story of struggle", "text": "NAGPUR: As the government prepares to ban gutkha and paan masala all over Maharashtra, Kiran Rathi has reason to cheer. The former gutkha addict, who developed mouth cancer and had to pay dearly for his addiction, has made it his life's aim to prevent others from suffering the way he did.Rathi, 53, who works in wholesale medicine business, offered the same answer that millions of other addicts give when asked how they developed their vices - because of bad company. \"No one in my family chews tobacco. I fell into this habit because of my friends in college. They would pressure me to try these things, and I would naively agree,\" he said, adding that before he knew it, he was an addict.His elder brother, a dentist, warned him of health problems that chewing gutkha could lead to, but he was too steeped in the habit to listen to him.After almost 20 years of chewing tobacco, in 2008, Rathi started to feel the consequences that his brother had warned him of. \"I started to have difficulty in talking, eating and drinking. I also started to develop ulcers in my mouth. Finally, there was a stage when I couldn't even open my mouth,\" he said.Eventually he was diagnosed with oral cancer. A tedious and expensive treatment ensued, which included radiation and surgery. Though the doctors managed to treat the cancer, he ended up losing almost half of his jaw.\"I still have to deal with repercussions of my erstwhile addiction,\" said Rathi, who has great difficulty in eating and drinking even after four years of treatment.Rathi decided to pass on the lessons he had learnt from his nightmarish experience by counselling as many people as he could against chewing gutkha and kharra. \"I want to make sure that others don't make the same mistakes,\" he said, adding that people need to be aware that almost 90% of oral cancer cases are caused by this dangerous habit.He hopes that his plight will motivate people to abstain from the habit. \"Whenever I see people chewing gutkha, I stop and advise them against it. Sometimes people respond in a hostile manner to a complete stranger giving them advice, but I persist. Even if I manage to affect one out of ten people I talk to, I feel satisfied,\" he said.Asked about his reaction to the ban on gutkha and paan masala, he said that it is a much needed move which, if implemented strictly, will prove to be a boon to public health. \"These days, youngsters start chewing gutkha at 12-13 years of age. By cutting off their supply, the ban will prevent them from falling into the habit,\" he said. He also added that the ban will make a difference only if it is enforced very strictly by the authorities.(Reporting by Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856663", "title": "Industrial city launches special bus for women", "text": "KANPUR: The women of the industrial city are overwhelmed with the launch of 'Sakhi' (women special bus) in the 'No Tempo Zone' on Thursday. The Sakhi buses are introduced as part of the other 15 city buses providing services in 'No Tempo Zone' and are not just meant only for women but they have women conductors as well. Sakhi broke the myth that running buses is only a man's job.The bus conductor of 'Sakhi', Zehra Begum received kudos from all the female passengers who travelled in the bus. The women praised her courage during the ride and gave a very positive response to the service. Being the first lady bus conductor of the industrial city, Zehra Begum was very energetic while managing the passengers. Her loud and bold voice forced the male commuters to get down from bus.Talking to TOI, Zehra said, \"people don't have manners. When I asked them to get down they said I am misbehaving.\" According to all the passengers, this young girl gave them a happy ride with her jokes. But the 18-year-old happy-go-lucky girl has some grievances in life. \"My father's death forced me to earn for a family of seven which includes four brothers, a sister and mother. My elder brother also left us and now I am the only earning member of the family,\" said Zehra.She added that she has no regrets becoming a conductor. She initially wanted to be a pilot. She still has hopes of becoming a pilot hence she is pursuing BSc from Sant Bairagi Baba Degree College, in Ghatampur vicinity.\"Yes I can drive as well. And I will surely be the first female bus driver of the city. My mother is proud that I am working as a woman bus conductor,\" added Zehra.Talking about some basic facilities which city buses are lacking, Zehra said, \"from the security point of view, the state is poor. Every city bus must have an emergency alarm. Also, buses must have CCTV cameras installed in them and there should be a control room to keep an eye on it all the time.\"\"This will be very helpful in keeping a check on theft and eve-teasing incidents in buses,\" said Zehra adding that the newly appointed female bus conductors should get the facility of being dropped home at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858774", "title": "Tourism facilities near wildlife habitats to pay 10% of revenue soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: All tourist operations within 5km of all 600 plus tiger reserves, national parks, sanctuaries and wildlife corridors in the country will soon have to fork out a minimum of 10% of their turnover as \" local conservation fee\", which will be used not only to protect wildlife areas but also provide financial assistance to communities and people living around these green patches.The Union environment and forests ministry has cleared ecotourism guidelines containing these provisions and submitted them to the Supreme Court in an ongoing case.All tourism operations running in core areas of tiger reserves and other critical wildlife habitats will also be phased out in five years. Tourism will also not be allowed in any core area of a tiger reserve, where forest dwellers have been relocated. The oustees will get priority in running tourism operations in these tiger reserves, the guidelines state.Now, the norms will be looked at by the apex court before which several tour operators have pleaded that they be allowed to run their operations in the breeding grounds of tigers demarcated as core zones under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.No green fee on home stay facilities run by localsThe tiger-tourism business has been in the eye of the storm for earning crores out of 'public property' secured by ousting poor forest dwellers from the wildlife zones and in lieu ploughing back little. Some high-end hotels, located in and around tiger reserves, earn upwards of Rs 40,000 a room per night for providing the 'wild experience'. Questions have also been raised about conservationists running tourism operations adjacent to these parks and making a tidy profit, thanks to their domain expertise and access to these secure zones even as tribals and others are relocated for disturbing tranquility in these pristine areas.The green ministry had noted that the burgeoning high-end tourist facilities around these wildlife areas in recent years triggered exploitation, degradation, disturbance and misuse of fragile ecosystems, in turn ensuring \"further alienation of local people\".The norms were developed by a panel that included the member secretary of the National Tiger Conservation Authority Rajesh Gopal and director general of the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) Sunita Narain.However, the guidelines, accepted by the environment minister Jayanti Natarajan, suggest that small home-stay facilities run by local residents under approved ecotourism plans won't be required to share their revenues.The state governments would be required to set up local advisory committees that would oversee the implementation of state-level ecotourism strategy in each of the national parks and sanctuaries and monitor the tourist facilities within 5km of the wildlife areas for adhering to the norms.In the interim period of five years \u2014 even as tourism facilities are to be shifted out of the core areas of tiger reserves \u2014 the guidelines stipulate state governments to give special space to community-based tourism in certain parts. In large wildlife areas, which are over 500 square km, about 20% of its territory would be allowed to be used for community-based tourism. For smaller parks and sanctuaries, 10% of the area can be used for tourism for the interim five years.The pilgrimages inside national parks and sanctuaries too will be regulated, and the zones will remain open only on specific days \u2014 to be decided by an agreement between wildlife and temple authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858812", "title": "Illegal assets of Pali official unearthed", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) raided several places in Rajasthan and Gujarat belonging to the executive officer of Pali's Sumerpur municipal office on Thursday and unearthed property worth crores of rupees.Three earth-moving machines at Sumerpur, two plots, two apartments and shops in Gujarat's Ahmedabad were allegedly among the properties amassed by the officer. The ACB has registered a case against him under corruption laws.According to IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra, the agency was getting several complaints of corruption against the officer, Anoop Singh Rathore.\"We verified these complaints and found that he had amassed huge wealth exceeding his known sources of income. He draws a salary of about 35,000. However, he had several properties,\" said the officer. He added that six teams of ACB officials simultaneously raided several places belonging to Rathore.\"We found three earth-moving machines each costing around Rs 15 lakh, four trucks, one jeep, three motorcycles and one car. Besides, he owns a land measuring six bighas along the national highway between Sumerpur and Pali,\" he said.The officer said he owns at least two flats, two shops and two plots in Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14856652", "title": "Inebriated son kills father over trivial issue, arrested", "text": "YAVATMAL: A 23-year-old youth Gajanan Pidurkar thrashed his father to death at Jalka village in Maregaon tehsil on Wednesday. Maregaon police have arrested the youth and registered a criminal offence under section 302 of IPC against him.According to police sources, deceased Sheshrao Pidurkar (60) and his family live in Botoni village of Maregaon tehsil. Sheshrao had his agriculture field in Jalka which is away from his home. To avoid the hardship of travelling to the farm, Sheshrao had built a small house in his farm and opted to stay in the house with his son Gajanan for the farm-related works. Daily their food used to come from his family in Botoni.On the fateful day, Sheshrao had an altercation with his son on the issue of not completing the work in time. Sheshrao even beat Gajanan. Irked by the beating for a small issue, Gajanan took a wooden stick and hit his father on his head. Sheshrao collapsed on the spot. Gajanan covered his father with a blanket and slept beside him in the night. On Thursday morning, he found his father dead and informed his family in Botoni. The family members rushed to the farm where they saw the body of Sheshrao in a pool of blood.They informed the police who rushed to the spot and arrested Gajanan. During the interrogation, Gajanan confessed to his crime and said that both of them were inebriated and he lost his control when his father beat him. Hence he thrashed his father.Police station officer of Maregaon RY Badre is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861168", "title": "Daraji never compromised on the scene: Arun Govil", "text": "Arun Govil, who played 'Ram' in the iconic serial 'Ramayana' on TV, says, \"Daraji, who played Hanuman in the show, was very dedicated towards his work. As Hanuman he had to sit in front of me in a certain posture for long hours. And even if he had terrible knee pain, he never compromised on the scene.Further, he had to wear a mask for his character and as a result he couldn't eat anything the whole day. He could only drink and that too with a straw. Before meeting him on the sets, I had seen his wrestling matches in Meerut. I found it very fascinating.As a person he was very down-to-earth and humble. He was a fatherly figure to me. Last I met him was about a year-and-a-half back on a flight to Chandigarh, and we had a long chat then. A s told to Seema Sinha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14858010", "title": "Ketan Tirodkar sent to Sabarmati jail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special CBI court on Thursday sent former journalist from Mumbai, Ketan Tirodkar, to the Sabarmati central jail in connection with the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case after his custodial interrogation was over.Clad in white shirt and lungi, Tirodkar requested the court to keep him secluded in the prison expressing apprehension from Vanzara &amp; Co, though without naming them. During the proceeding, he told the court, \"There are high level officials of the Gujarat government involved in this case. Therefore directions may be issued to authorities to keep me secluded for security purpose.\"However, the magistrate asked him to raise the issue before the jail superintendent.After the CBI did not seek further remand of Tirodkar and maintained again that he was not co-operating in the investigations, the scribe raised objection to the probe agency's contention. He said, \"This case was opened because of my disclosure only. There is no reason that I should not co-operate in the probe. If they feel that I am not co-operating, they should be seeking further remand and I am ready to go again for custodial interrogation.\" The CBI officials did not have any answer to this and they remained quiet.When the magistrate ordered to send Tirodkar to judicial custody till July 25, he raised objection again saying, \"It was with my disclosure that investigation was ordered in this case. I was in judicial custody for three years in this case only in Mumbai after I filed affidavit, though there was no specific FIR or complaint filed in this case.\" He expressed surprise on being sent to jail twice in a single case. But the CBI officials told the court that his affidavit before the MCOCA court in Mumbai and the encounter probe are two separate matters.The magistrate asked Tirodkar if he wanted to have legal aid for the purpose of filing bail plea, but he refused and reiterated, \"I will not hire lawyer. I will argue my case as party-in-person because this is an old case and so complicated that I would like to argue myself only.\"Tirodkar in his affidavit revealed how he handed over the Bhavnagar youth in 2002 end to Mumbai's encounter specialist Daya Nayak. He claimed that he introduced Sadiq to Nayak because he wanted to get rid of a criminal case lodged in Bhavnagar against him. Later in his affidavit, Tirodkar claimed that he was a witness to the transfer of Sadiq's custody to the Gujarat police by Nayak a few days before the encounter, which took place on January 13, 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858307", "title": "Hi-tech traffic management system takes off in city today", "text": "CHENNAI: An integrated traffic management system (ITMS) to monitor traffic violations better and bring to book offenders will roll out in the city on Friday with the setting up of a control room. The system, that will include closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras, will be first installed on the 12-km stretch from the Poes Garden junction on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai to the Secretariat on Kamarajar Salai which has at least 12 traffic signals.City-based Purple Infotech Limited signed an agreement with the home department on Thursday to install the ITMS. Based on their calculations, the traffic police expect the collection of fines from traffic violations to go up from Rs 12 crore to at least Rs 60 crore a year under the new system.\"The control room for the system will be on the seventh floor of the under-construction police commissioner's office in Vepery,\" said Purple Infotech managing director P N MahadevanThe project, to be implemented at 100 signals in the city, was initially estimated to cost Rs 150 crore before being awarded for Rs 117 crore.\"Once the control room is installed, we will start installing CCTV cameras and other equipment between the Secretariat on Kamarajar Salai and Poes Garden on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai. After the stretch comes under ITMS control, will move to other areas,\" Mahadevan told TOI.A senior police officer said, \"With the use of ITMS, more violators can be brought to book. When the signal turns red, the camera will 'shoot' the violator and inform the control room. The computers there will generate an e-challan which will be sent to the violator by post or in person.\" The fine collected by the traffic police will be added to the road safety fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861290", "title": "Wedding bells for Megha and Mohan in Na Bole!", "text": "The much awaited marriage between Mohan (Kunal Karan Kapoor) and Megha (Aakanksha Singh) is finally set to take place in Sunshine Productions' Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha.Audiences have eagerly been waiting for the romance to take of between Megha and Mohan but with the interruption of Manav ( Khalid Siddiqui) and Riddhima (Prinal Oberoi), this seemed impossible. Even in the promos, as Megha confesses her love for Mohan, Mohan is seeing doing the rounds of the mandap with his bride in tow. And the face is later revealed as Riddhima's.But here's the good news. Sources inform that Mohan and Riddhima's marriage to one another is only a dream that takes place and in actuality, Megha will finally marry the man she loves: Mohan.Let's hope Mohan and Megha finally have a chance at happiness!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858143", "title": "Infectious disease claims life of teen, more cases surface", "text": "LUCKNOW: The number persons falling prey to infectious diseases continued to swell here on Thursday as more fresh cases were reported from Garhi Kanaora area. A 14-year-old girl, identified as Usha, succumbed to her illness, but officials were oblivious to the fact. This is the fourth death in the past one week which is being associated with infectious disease in the city.Extent of the problem could be gauged from the fact that close to 100 new patients were attended to by team of government doctors posted at the temporary hospital in the affected locality. This is in addition to 130 patients seen at the hospital on Wednesday. The doctors however said that these patients were from neighboring localities. Samajwadi Party MLC and city-based gynecologist Dr Madhu Gupta and UP Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi also visited the place to take stock of the situation. Like doctors, the two politicians also blamed choked drains; garbage heap, muck, filth and lack of proper sanitation facilities were responsible for the spread of disease.Meanwhile, 11 new patients were admitted for management of infectious disease at Rani Lakshmi Bai hospital taking the total at this centre to 86. Dr VK Shukla, medical superintendent of the hospital said: \" For the past two-three days, the city is receiving less rainfall and hence the total number of affected person is less. But if the heavy rain continues then the situation will turn graver.\"Chief medical officer, Dr SNS Yadav said, \"In the temporary hospital, we have added three more doctors and now six doctors will be available round the clock. Also, an ambulance would be available 24 hours. We distributed 1,000 chlorine tablets and ORS packets to the patients yesterday. We have send medicines to the Rani Laxmi Bai Hospital and we will not let the stock of medicines to get over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14857553", "title": "Medical admissions begin July 20", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Counselling for medical admissions under the convener's quota will begin on July 20. The NTR University of Health Sciences issued a notification to this effect on Thursday. Aspirants could attend counselling at any of the four online centres - Andhra University (Visakhapatnam), SV University (Tirupati), NTR University (Vijayawada) and at JNTU's Hyderabad campus.The first phase of counselling would go on for four days till July 23 with the second phase, for reserved category candidates such as BCs, SCs and STs, to run between July 24-27. With Medical Council of India (MCI) granting three new medical colleges in the private sector and increasing seats at three government colleges by 50 each, the total intake has increased by at least 650 seats in the state in the current year.However, the state did lose about 100 seats following derecognition of Fatima College in Kadapa. Three new colleges in the private sector - Mallareddy Institute of Medical Sciences (150) and Apollo Institute of Medical Sciences (100), both in Hyderabad, and Visakhapatnam's NRI institute of Medical Sciences (150) have got the nod from MCI . The increase in seats was granted for Andhra Medical College, Kurnool Medical College and Siddartha Medical College.The university fee has been prescribed at Rs 6,000, Rs 9,000 and Rs 14,500 under government colleges and category A and category B private colleges, respectively. All candidates, including those eligible for fee-reimbursement, would have to pay the university fees. Except for those eligible for fee-reimbursement, all others would also have to pay their tuition fees.In all, there are 14 government medical colleges functioning alongside the 22 private ones in the state. While all seats in government colleges fall under the convener's quota, the first 50% of seats in private colleges will be categorized under A and another 10% will be filled up under category B.Seats under both A and B categories would also be filled up through online counselling by the university. Managements of private colleges will be allowed to fill up the remaining 40% seats. At the time of the notification, 2,050 seats at government colleges and another 2,070 seats in private colleges were available for candidates from all three regions in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858958", "title": "Govt to file caveat in HC today on gutka, paan masala ban", "text": "The state government will file a caveat in the Bombay high court on Friday to ensure that it is heard if any person plans to challenge its decision to ban gutka and paan masala sales for a year in the state.Manohar Naik, minister for food and drugs, in a statement to the legislative assembly on Thursday , said that the provision to ban any food product containing nicotine is provided for in the centrally enacted Food Safety and Regulation (Prohibition) Act 2011, which is already in force in Maharashtra.\"Though the Act allows these products to be banned for a year, it can be extended every year before it lapses,\" Naik said.Unlike Kerala, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh, where the ban is only on gutka, Naik said the government has decided to extend the ban to paan masala as well. While gutka contains both tobacco and magnesium carbonate (known to cause mouth and throat cancer), magnesium carbonate is a key ingredient of paan masala.\"A large number of school and college children consume gutka and paan masala and the incidence of throat and mouth cancer is on the rise. Hence the government took a decision to ban paan masala as well,\" said Naik.Between 2003-11 , the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) had tested 1,173 samples of gutka and paan masala, of which 98% had tested positive for magnesium carbonate , said Naik.Meanwhile, children from the Salaam Bombay Foundation visited Vidhan Bhawan on Thursday to thank the ministers for the decision to ban gutka and paan masala. The children gave 'Thank You' cards and flowers to state home (urban and rural) minister Satej Patil. Rajashree Kadam, project coordinator of the foundation, said that the ban on gutka and paan masala was a serious step towards controlling the consumption of tobacco. \"The next step is to ensure effective implementation of the ban and to prevent the black market sales of these products.\"\"We have been working towards this ban for the last one year. It will take some more time to start its implementation . But at least we have the law in place, Kadam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857529", "title": "Pranab plea to follow party line in president election", "text": "RANCHI: Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday appealed to his voters to follow party line while casting votes in the presidential election. The appeal by the UPA's presidential candidate was possibly an indication of his fears that the voters may not follow the party whip while casting their vote.\"I have two appeals to the electorate. First the election of President is not an ordinary election and the dignity should be maintained. Secondly, 99% of the electorate are from various political parties and if the party has taken a decision, the voters should follow it,\" Mukherjee said after having meetings with JMM, Ajsu Party and JVM-P chiefs Shibu Soren , Sudesh Mahato and Babulal Marandi to seek their support in the election.However, Mukherjee did not go into the details as to why he made such appeal to the electorate. Referring to a query on the possibility of getting support of Mamata Banerjee-led TMC and regional parties of Jharkhand, Mukherjee said he was hopeful of getting their votes. \"I am hopeful of getting support of the TMC and regional parties of Jharkhand. According to my information Mamata Banerjee will announce her support a couple of days before the election,\" Mukherjee said adding that regional parties of Jharkhand like the JMM, Ajsu Party and the JVM-P would also make a formal announcement in the coming days. The two important regional parties - JMM and Ajsu Party - did not make their stand clear.He also expressed his gratitude to RJD chief Lalu Prasad and LJP leader Ram Vilas Paswan who came to Jharkhand and campaigned for him. Prasad, who is camping in the city since Wednesday night, and Paswan also attended the meeting of Mukherjee along with their MLAs and reiterated their support for Mukherjee. \"We will definitely miss Pranabda in the Lok Sabha but we are happy for his new innings. The election is yet to take place and I appeal to all political parties that they should reach a consensus to make Pranabda the President,\" said Prasad. Paswan supported the RJD leader and requested the electorate to keep the dignity of the election as appealed by Mukherjee. \"We are sure that Pranabda will win the election and be the next President but as he said the dignity should be maintained,\" Paswan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857892", "title": "Government to float bonds to bail out JSEB", "text": "RANCHI: The state government is planning to float public bonds to generate around Rs 2,000 crore to bail out the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) which is in the red. The bonds will be issued at the time of trifurcation of the board.Confirming the development, JSEB chairman S N Verma said the board had to clear dues of many companies and organizations including the Central Coalfields Limited that supplied coal to the power generating units of the board. However, he did not disclose the amount and tenure of each bond.\"At present, we have to clear total dues of around Rs 3,000 crore. We expect central assistance of at least Rs 1,000 crore as it has been the case when state electricity boards were unbundled in other states. The board will need around Rs 2,000 crore and for this the state government is planning to float a bond,\" said Verma adding that according to norms the board had to clear all the dues before trifurcation.The JSEB chairman was addressing a seminar on \"Jharkhand power scenario and preparation to meet future power demand\" here on Thursday. The board has to be trifurcated before December 31. After trifurcation, it will be divided into separate entities that will look after generation, distribution and transmission.The seminar was attended by Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission chairman Mukhtiyar Singh, Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi director M J Xavier and representatives from various private power generating companies including Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Essar Power, Adhunik Group and Abhijeet Group.Verma also talked about the JSEB proposal of giving rural distribution to franchise companies. \"We have already completed the tendering process of giving franchise to private parties in urban areas. In the next phase, probably next month, we come up with notice inviting tender for rural areas as well,\" said Verma.Xavier suggested the JSEB to focus on rural electrification because Jharkhand is not just Ranchi, Jamshedpur, Bokaro and Dhanbad. \"The board should keep welfare of rural masses in mind and not just think of commercial benefits,\" said Xavier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "thotada (srikakulam)", "code": "14857528", "title": "Bid to mow down mandal development officer", "text": "THOTADA (SRIKAKULAM): A mandal development officer (MPDO) of Amadalavalasa in Srikakulam district escaped death by a whisker when the driver of a sand-laden tractor tried to mow him down at Thotada village on Thursday. Though the MPDO, Poli Naidu, swiftly jumped out of the path of the speeding vehicle, he suffered injuries.In another twist, police booked cases under the Mining Act and no charges of attempt to murder were filed against the tractor driver. Sources said though the MPDO brought the matter to the notice of the collector, he was reluctant to lodge a complaint against the sand mafia fearing threat to his life. This is second such incident involving illegal mining gangs in the last 30 days. Tehsildar Boorugu Vasantha Kumari of Shankarpalli in Rangareddy district escaped narrowly when a tractor driver tried to mow down her car. She fled from the spot and later filed a complaint.Amadalavalasa tehsildar Veerraju and Naidu found several tractors lined up at the Nagavali river at Thotada after holding a meeting with the villagers on the rural employment scheme. When the MPDO ordered the tractor drivers to stop, one of the drivers raced the vehicle towards him. \"I am lucky to have survived. The tractor driver kept trundling down at me even as I was stopping the vehicles carrying sand illegally,\" Naidu told TOI. Sources said Veerraju was also threatened by the sand mafia recently when he tried to seize a vehicle.Three persons were killed in the village for complaining against illegal sand mining. A farmer was murdered by the sand mafia when he complained about illegal mining, and later, a key witness died under suspicious circumstances. \"Worried about their safety, the villagers are not willing to file any complaint against the sand mafia members,\" a police official said. Thotada has become a haven for sand mafias as it is located close to Srikakulam town. Apart from fine sand, the village's proximity to Srikakulam has what made the mafia thrive on digging operations illegally.The district had seven sand reaches before the court banned sand mining in April.Sources said 10 to 15 illegal sand reaches close to Nagavali, Vamsadhara and Bahuda rivers are active in the district. \"The sand mafia has been transporting sand in tractors during day and in lorries in the night,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858261", "title": "Deepak says cooperative movement will get boost", "text": "Minister for co-operation and the Priol MGP MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar has said that he has sought a report from 'experts' within three months on strengthening the cooperative movement in Goa. Addressing mediapersons in Ponda, Dhavalikar said wants to strengthen the movement inorder to make some changes and empower the major cooperative organizations, such as the Goa state cooperative marketing federation, Goa Dairy and Sanjeevani sugar factory.Admission to Kendra Vidyalaya: Registration for admission to Kendra Vidyalaya No 1, Vasco, will open for Classes III and V from July 14 to July 23 from 11am to 3.30pm on all working days. Registration forms may be collected from the school office. The last day for submission of filled in registration forms is on July 23 before 3.30pm. The prospectus is available on payment of 100. The admission in Kendriya Vidyalayas are not restricted to central government employees and are open to all. Only certain priorities have been laid down as per which children of different categories would receive priority in admission. The provisional admission list will be displayed on July 26, states a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14858102", "title": "20 years after theft, idols still lie in court's custody", "text": "MADURAI: Although all those arrested in connection with the case in which some precious idols and metal head cap were stolen from the Lord Shri Gopalasamy Hill Temple were acquitted, the precious materials are still lying in property room of the district court without any pooja being performed.Frustrated, a devotee has filed a writ petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, directing the respondent to return the idols to the temple, which is situated in Ayyan Paraipatti along the Madurai-Rajapalayam highway. The petitioner, B Vijay Karthikeyan, said he filed the writ as he was a staunch devotee of the temple.\"When I visited the temple recently, the priest told me that the idols and stolen articles have not been returned to the temple. So the temple functions are totally affected, causing mental agony to the devotees and villagers,\" said Karthikeyan.A detailed investigation by Karthikeyan revealed that the sessions court, Madurai had sentenced five accused to seven years of rigorous imprisonment in this case. There was also a direction to handover the idols and other materials to the Madurai district collector. The accused, however, filed an appeal before the high court and it acquitted all of them by an order dated February 21, 2007. But even after the conclusion of the trial, no steps were taken to restore the possession.\"The stolen articles have not been restored to possession of the temple from where they were looted. The incident occurred in 1992. It has been more 20 years that the idols are lying unattended. Even though the temple is under the control of the HR&CE; department, no one has taken any steps to get back the idols which are now lying in the property room of the district court, Madurai,\" said Karthikeyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857142", "title": "HSIIDC allots 51 plots to industries", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation ( HSIIDC) has finalised plot allotment for 51 projects.This would catalyse investments of nearly Rs 3,000 crore and generate direct employment opportunities for more than 20,000 people, an official spokesman said.The 33 projects to be set-up at IMT Faridabad with capital investments in excess of Rs 2,000 crore, will generate direct employment avenues for more than 16,000 people. IMT Faridabad, which is strategically located, is being developed over an area of 1,784 acres, he said.Development works to the tune of Rs 310.56 crore have been allotted and the work at site is in full swing and is likely to be completed by April 2013. Nearly 35 per cent of infrastructure development work has already been completed.Plot allotments for 8 projects to be set-up at Growth Centre Bawal, Rewari, involving capital outlay of more than Rs 650 crore and employment generation potential for more than 2,500 persons, have also been finalised, he added.Besides IMT Faridabad and G C Bawal, allotments for setting up prestigious projects at some other estates - IMT Manesar, Industrial Estate Kundli, Industrial Estate Barwala, Industrial Estate Panipat, Industrial Estate Karnal and Gurgaon, have also been finalised, he said.The projects sanctioned for plot allotment encompass diverse fields such as automobile components, footwear, surgical products, home appliances, high-fashion garments, IT &amp; ITES, printing press, fertilisers, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14858192", "title": "Hostels for ITI students likely: Francis D'Souza", "text": "PORVORIM: Craftsman training minister Francisco D'Souza said that after studying the issue, the government will start hostel facilities for students of Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) in the state.Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal said that as there are no hostel facilities for the students studying in ITIs, students have to waste time in travelling. \"Government should build hostels for ITI students,\" Sawal said.Replying to Sawal, D'Souza said, \"The government has to think about it and after studying the issue, we will start hostel facilities at ITIs.\"Sawal also demanded that the government should increase ITI seats so that students who are left out can be accommodated. \"Government increases seats for medical and engineering but why not ITI seats. Government should also increase for ITI,\" said Sawal.D'Souza said that a new ITI will be started in Dharbandora taluka on demand by the local MLA. Seats will be increased as per the demand and supply, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/jaipur", "code": "14858757", "title": "Body of infant girl found in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER/JAIPUR: A body of a new-born baby girl was found at a remote place in Gomath village in Jaisalmer district late on Thursday night. The police have begun probe. Apart from this, JK Lon hospital in Jaipur, which is treating an infant girl who was abandoned in a hospital after her birth, has been getting phone calls from various individuals to adopt the girl. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856774", "title": "ITI aspirants indulge in violence in Mirzapur", "text": "VARANASI: An angry mob of candidates indulged in violence while seeking admit cards to appear in UP-ITI Entrance Examination-2012 at the Government Industrial Training Institute (GITI) in Mirzapur district on Thursday.The candidates ransacked many counters and torched the buildings, workshop and vehicles. The mob also started throwing stones on police. District magistrate Govind Raju and SP S C Pandey reached the spot and pacified the candidates, who failed to get the admit cards for appearing in the examination.Despite the facility of on-line downloading of admit cards given by Vyavsayik Pariksha Parishad UP (VPPUP), which conducts the entrance examination, thousands of candidates were coming to GITI for past several days to collect the admit cards. Resentment was brewing among the candidates due to the delay in providing admit cards. A large number of admit cards were found thrown in the heaps of garbage in the in the city on July 10.On Thursday morning, over 7000 candidates gathered near the counter from where the admit card was being distributed. On finding no appropriate reply from the persons handling the counter, the candidates went on rampage. It was stated that large number students of Binani Degree College also reached there to extend support to the candidates. A handful of cops of Katra Kotwali tried to use force.This action angered the candidates who went on rampage and started thowing stones on the grossly outnumbered cops. They also ransacked the counter and offices of GITI before setting the workshop, the principal's vehicle and some parts of the building on fire. Circle officer A K Rai and SDM Sadar Dayashankar Pandey tried to normalize the situation by holding talks with the candidates, but their efforts failed to yield result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14856484", "title": "Imam arrested on sodomy charges", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Thenhipalam police on Thursday arrested Imam of a Masjid at Padinhattupai near Kakkanchery in Malappuram on charges of sodomy. The arrested Abdullakkutty (56) is a native of Melmuri near Malappuram.According to the police, Abdullakkutty allegedly forced three boys living in the surrounding area of the mosque when they arrived to offer Namaz. The incident came to notice when the children hesitated to go to the mosque to offer Namaz after the incident.When the friends questioned the children they revealed that Abdulla tried to sexually abuse them at his room in the mosque many times.After helpline number of Childline office at Malappuram received the complaint on Tuesday, the volunteers of Childline Muhsin, Anwar and Sreejith visited the house of children at Kakkanchery and gave special counselling to them on Wednesday. They also collected detailed statements from them.Following the request of Childline volunteers, the parents of children filed complaint against Abdullakkutty in Thenhippalam police station. The secretary of the Masjid committee also lodged the complaint in police.Police arrested him from his house at Melmuri on Thursday morning. Abdulla started working as Imam in the Masjid three months ago. Childline workers also collected evidences from the room used by Abdulla.Source in the Childline said the parents were not ready to file complaint with police in the initial stage. The accused would be produced before court on Friday.Malappuram: Thenhipalam police on Thursday arrested Imam of a Masjid at Padinhattupai near Kakkanchery in Malappuram district, for allegedly indulging in unnatural sex with boys. The arrested Abdullakkutty , 56, is native of Melmuri near Malappuram.According to police, Abdullakkutty forced three boys living in the surrounding area of Masjid for having unnatural sex, when they arriving to offer Namaz at the Masjid.The incident came to notice when the children hesitated to go to the Masjid to offer Namaz after the incident. When the friends questioned the children they revealed tha tthe Abdulla tried to sexually abuse them at his room in Masjid many times.After helpline number of Childline office at Malappuram received the complaint on tuesday, the volunteers of childline Muhsin, Anwar and Sreejith visited the house of children at Kakkanchery and gave special counselling to them on Wednesday . They also collected detailed statements from them. Following the request of Child Line volunteers the parents of children filed complaint against Abdullakuuty with Thenhippalam police station. The secretary of the Masjid committee also lodged the complaint in police.Police arrested Abdulla from his house at Melmuri on Thursday morning. Abdulla started working as Imam in the Masjid three months ago , say the police. Child Line workers also collected evidences from the room used by Abdulla.Source in the Child Line said the parents were not ready to file complaint with the police in the initial stage. The accused would be produced before court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857416", "title": "Borivli suicide: Cops may grill boyfriend", "text": "MUMBAI: Police officials investigating the mysterious death of a 17-year-old collegian at a Borivli (E) building said the case appears to be a suicide. A Mira Road resident, the girl was found badly injured in the compound of Orchid apartments on Carter Road 7 by the building watchman on Tuesday evening. She was rushed to a private hospital where she died half-an-hour later.None of the building residents knew her nor were there any eyewitnesses to her death.An autopsy was conducted by an expert on Thursday, as requested by her family. The cause of death has been kept \"pending chemical analysis and histopathological report\". The viscera has been sent to the state forensic science laboratory. \"The nature of injuries sustained by the girl on her arms, feet and skull suggest that she died of a fall from the building,\" said senior inspector Bharat Worlikar of the Kasturba Marg police. \"She had told her mother that she was going to meet a friend when she left home on Tuesday. We checked her cellphone records and found that calls were exchanged between the 17-year-old and her former boyfriend. The reason behind the death appears to be a failed relationship.\" Officials said the girl's parents were estranged and this, too, had disturbed her.\"The deceased was seeing a 19-year-old engineering student based in Kalyan since two years. But he had started distancing himself from her as the two belonged to different communities. Besides, the girl's family was against the relationship. They had a fight few days back. She would attempt to get back together with him and ask him not to get too friendly with other girls,\" an official said. \"On Tuesday, the couple had decided to meet up. But the youth decided to go for a movie with friends. He told the girl that he couldn't meet her as he was in Kalyan-Dombivli. At the time, the girl was waiting at a bus-stop at Carter Road 7 in Borivli. Enraged, she walked into the first building she saw, which was Orchid apartments.\"Officials suspect that she might have already planned to end her life by that point. \"We had called her ex-boyfriend for questioning. If her parents file an FIR, we will register it and probe further,\" an investigating official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856400", "title": "'No gender bias in child abuse'", "text": "KOCHI: In Kerala, 40% boys and 39% girls are sexually assaulted at some point in their lives, stated a survey by the Kerala Social Security Mission (KSSM). Addressing a media at a workshop on reporting sexual abuse of children, KSSM regional director Major Dinesh Bhaskaran, pointed out that boys are sexually assaulted as much as girls in the state. The programme organized by the Kesari Memorial Journalist Trust, Thiruvananthapuram and Unicef (South) on Thursday wanted to sensitize the media and society on how to treat child sex abuse, at home, in school and the public sphere.\"The point is there is much reporting on child abuse in the media, but it has not brought out the desired result. This is a very sensitive matter and care should be taken while reporting such events,\" Bhaskaran saidThere are around six lakh child prostitutes below the age of 17 in India and this number is growing, said Unicef chief field officer Satish Kumar , quoting the findings of a Unicef study. Media can do a lot to improve the situation by further reporting on these atrocities. \"We believe that the media has been instrumental in bringing out documented cases of many heinous crimes committed against children. But now the public and the government have to react in an event of abuse,\" said Satish Kumar. Lida Jacob, advisor to government on gender and child protection agreed to this point and shed light on the 'Nirbhaya' project. \"In most cases, children are abused within the family, like by the child's father, uncle, brother and so on. Helplines for women and children are crucial, but the real work rests on good parenting and there should be parenting classes and counselling sessions to make this effective,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14857419", "title": "Hospital blamed for driver's death", "text": "WARANGAL: Death of an auto driver triggered protests at the MGM Hospital here on Thursday. While the hospital authorities claimed that Thota Srinivas (30) had died of TB and severe respiratory problems, his family members blamed doctors' negligence and faulty ventilator. for the cause of his death.Doctors said the condition of Srinivas deteriorated in the early hours with high temperature and blood pressure and an 'Ambu bag' was immediately arranged to revive him. \"His lungs had become weak since eight months. Doctors made every effort to revive him but in vain,\" a senior official said. Ambu bag is a manual resuscitator to revive the person's breathing.Wife Geeta said her husband died because the doctors' negligence. \"The ventilator was dysfunctional yet they tried to revive him with it,\" she alleged. She said Srinivas had been suffering from breathlessness for the last couple of months.Denying the charges, hospital superintendent ANR Lakshmi said, they did not use ventilator on Srinivas. \"As his condition worsened, senior doctors arranged the Ambu bag\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858361", "title": "HC Madurai bench gets 3 more judges", "text": "CHENNAI: A week after lawyers in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court stopped work for three days and even occupied court halls, the higher judiciary has conceded to their key demand and posted more judges to the bench.At present there are 12 judges in the Madurai bench, who will complete their three-month tenure in the bench by the month-end. There will be 15 judges in the Madurai bench from August, sources told TOI.Bar association leaders staged protests in the Madurai bench last week to press for their three demands. The demands included expansion of the jurisdiction of the Madurai bench to nine more districts including Coimbatore, assigning more judges to the bench as the present number of judges is not proportionate with the bench's current jurisdiction over 13 districts, and filling up of more than 150 vacant posts of staff.The bar leaders, however, later withdrew their demand of expansion of the bench's jurisdiction. \"For now we are not pressing for the expansion of jurisdiction up to Coimbatore,\" an association leader told TOI last week.As the protests continued, Chief Justice M Y Eqbal himself visited Madurai to assuage the ruffled feelings of the Bar. Besides promising to augment the number of judges, he had taken steps to fill up the vacancies posts by transfer some staff from other places. These measures restored normalcy in the southern bench last week.A week after the chief justice's promise, the higher judiciary released a list of 13 judges who will start their three-month tenure from August. Including the two existing judges - Justice A Selvam and Justice M Veeraraghavan - the number of judges in the Madurai bench will stand at 15. Among the 13 judges who are scheduled to have a stint this time are Justice P Jyothimani (till August 24), Justice VK Sharma, Justice Sudhakar, Justice MM Sundresh, Justice N Kirubakaran, Justice M Palanivelu, Justice T Mathivanan, Justice K Suguna, Justice R Mala and Justice C S Karnan.\"Now that the key demands of the Bar have been conceded, they must exhibit matured behaviour and allow the bench to set new benchmark in disposals of cases, especially final hearing ones,\" said a senior judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857423", "title": "Poor eSeva for Old City denizens", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of the Old City are being forced to wait in unending queues to pay their monthly bills or avail caste and income certificates as the government has failed to open adequate number of eSeva centres in this part of the city.There are 56 eSeva centres in the city of which the Old City, which is host to 30% of the total city population, has to contend with only three. Apart from the woefully inadequate centres at Santoshnagar and Bahadurpura, a third centre came up less than a year ago in Vinay Nagar near Santoshnagar. A centre in Darulshifa was shut down a year ago following a fire accident on the premises.Of the three centres in the Old City, the ....has now been rechristened Mee Seva,offering as many as 100 different services unlike the normal eSeva centres that offer only 30 services.\"It is common to see women waiting at Santoshnagar eSeva with lunch boxes as they have to wait for at least a couple of hours to get their work done. The staff is also unable to handle the crowds,\" rued Mohammed Abdul Azeem, a businessman.Mir Jahangir Ali, a resident of Yakutpura, lamented that residents from localities as far as Noor Khan Bazaar are forced to go to Bahadurpura eSeva. \"While applying for scholarships, timely procurement of documents has become impossible. The centre is short-staffed and technical snags are common. Frequent power failures and lack of adequate power backup facilities only add to the growing problems,\" he said.Admitting that pressure from the Old City denizens is mounting on them, officials at the directorate of EDS in the government IT department said that they are striving to set up at least five centres which is the requirement in the South Zone. K Chandra Sekhar Reddy, deputy director (admin) said, \"Space is a constraint in the Old City and very few private entities want to come forward to set up the centres on franchise basis. Only recently did we receive a proposal for setting up a centre in Gowlipura area. We are assessing the proposal to see if it can provide services efficiently,\" he said adding that they are also contemplating smaller single-counter centres in different parts of the Old City to meet the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14856351", "title": "Barak Valley against giving away 26 villages to Dimaraji Territorial Council", "text": "SILCHAR: The people of Barak Valley have strongly protested against the proposal to carve out 26 villages of Cachar district and add them to the proposed Dimaraji Territorial Council (DTC).A number of organizations sent a memorandum to Union home minister P Chidambaram against the proposal. They urged the Centre to abstain from carving out any village of Cachar district to include them in the proposed DTC.The Dilip Nunisa faction of Dima Halam Daogah (DHD) on June 12 signed a tripartite draft memorandum of settlement with the Centre and the Assam government, paving the way for a final settlement to the Dimasa problem. Its rival group, led by Jewel Gorlosa, signed the draft last year. On the group's demand, the government initiated a process to include more villages in the Dima Hasao territorial council.Nunisa demanded that over 90 villages from neighbouring districts, including Cachar, Nagaon and Karbi Anglong, be included in the council area. The surrendered outfit and the government may be in a position to sign the final settlement in July, a source said.A senior leader of the Cachar Bibhajan-Birodhi Manch, an organization that is fighting any attempt to divide Cachar district, said, \"We have come to understand that at least 19 of the Cachar district villages proposed to be included in the DTC have only six per cent Dimasa population. The villages are Chandranathpur, Nuncherri, Gorerbhitor, Nalaigodai, Maruacherra, Bijoypur, Dalu Dimasabasthi, Barbandh, Chimtibim, Thapa (Madhura), Joyrap (Madhura), Thaligram, Bagherkona, Tikolpar, Khaspur, Lodhibasti (Upper), Joypur and Jirighat.\"We can't allow such a move to materialize. We will not allow the government to give away villages with a small Dimasa population to the Dimasa council area,\" he said.The protests intensified since last month after the government started to bow down to the demands of Dimasa outfits for DTC, comprising Dima Hasao district and other Dimasa-inhabited areas of Barak Valley, Nagaon and Karbi Anglong of Assam and Dimapur of Nagaland.\"DHD's demand has no taker in Bengali-dominated Barak Valley,\" said Paritosh Paul Chawdhary, a senior social worker in Silchar. He said Dilip Nunisa does not know the history of Assam well. The Barak Valley area of Assam was never under the Dimasa kingdom.The memo sent to Chidambaram was signed by people from Bengali, Hmar, Naga, Manipuri and other non-Dimasa communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "14857900", "title": "Blood-sucking parasite named after Bob Marley", "text": "LOS ANGELES: A blood-sucking parasite which infests fish living on coral reefs in the Caribbean has been named after reggae singer Bob Marley in a tribute to the late Jamaican music icon.The naming is not meant to be a sign of disrespect, said marine biologist Paul Sikkel of Arkansas State University in Jonesboro, who coined the name Gnathia marleyi to honour Marley.\"I named this species, which is truly a natural wonder, after Marley because of my respect and admiration for Marley's music,\" Sikkel was quoted as saying by Los Angeles Times. \"Plus, this species is as uniquely Caribbean, as was Marley.\"Marley's best-known hits include 'I Shot the Sheriff', 'No Woman, No Cry' and 'Could You Be Loved'. He died in 1981 at the age of 36.The new species belongs to a family of parasites called gnathiids, which are ocean-based analogs of blood-sucking ticks and disease-carrying mosquitoes.They live throughout the ocean and are the most important food source for cleaner fish, which eat them off the skin of other fish.Juvenile gnathiids hide within coral rubble or algae so they can launch surprise attacks on fish and infest them. Once the parasites turn adult, they stop feeding and live for two to three weeks attempting to reproduce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14858942", "title": "Action will help save many from addiction", "text": "MUMBAI: An analysis of smokeless tobacco such as gutka and paan masala done a few years back showed the shocking presence of cancer-causing agents such N-nitrosoanabasine and N-nitrosonornicotine. Heavy metals such as arsenic , cadmium and selenium too were found. The message that health experts give has been clear for over a decade now: Gutka causes cancer.On the face of it, the colour sachets of gutka and paan masala cost Rs 3-10 . But experts say the human cost, in terms of suffering and crores of deaths caused by their consumption, is huge; the thousands of crores spent on the treatment of diseases caused by these products outweighs the revenue the government earns from their sale.\"As per the global adult tobacco survey in October 2010, 1.7 crore Maharashtrians above 18 were consuming smokeless tobacco,'' said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, a senior doctor with Tata Memorial Hospital , Parel, who has been in the forefront of the anti-tobacco ban. If one extrapolates to the World Health Organization criteria that every second tobacco user dies prematurely, there could be millions of Maharashtrians dying prematurely because of smokeless tobacco. \"All these deaths will happen because of cancer, heart attack, lung diseases, etc. We can safely say that over 85 lakh people will die prematurely because of smokeless tobacco,'' said Dr Chaturvedi.But experts have also been focusing on how the gutka habit skews health economics . \"The revenue from gutka is a measly Rs100 crore, according to minister of state for home Satej Patil, but it will save crores that would otherwise be spent in treating the diseases,'' said the doctor. He estimates that over Rs600 crore that would be spent on treating patients could be saved.There's also the hope that millions of youth will not get addicted to the products. \"Over 5,500 children taste gutka or paan masala every day. The ban will save many from getting addicted,\" said Devika Chadha of the Salaam Bombay Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857201", "title": "Offline junior college admissions start from today", "text": "MUMBAI: Thursday was the last day of online admissions and the office of the deputy director of education (schools) announced that colleges can start offline admissions from July 13.\"Colleges should announce their list of vacant seats in all streams by 11am on Friday. All those students who haven't been allotted a seat in the online admissions can approach colleges individually now,\" said a senior official from the office of the deputy director of education (schools). This year, students who got an ATKT (failed in two or less subjects) in their board exams will be allowed to apply for a college seat in offline admissions. \"Colleges should consider these students if they have vacant seats,\" added the official.Offline admissions to junior college seats will be given between 11 and 5pm on July 13 and 14 and the merit list should be put up at 11am on July 16. \"Colleges can also accept admissions and fees on July 16 and 17. If seats are vacant even after this, then colleges can give admissions after July 17,\" said the official.Offline admissions are also open to students from CBSE board who had given the school-based exam. Like 2011, this year, too, the state board had given instructions that only those students from CBSE who took the board exam will be allowed to apply for colleges online. Similarly, students from IGCSE with predicted marks will also be allowed to apply for JC seats offline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14857955", "title": "Partner gets jealous if you dine with ex", "text": "WASHINGTON: Planning to catch up with your ex on a lunch date? Think again as a new study has found that your restaurant rendezvous is more likely to spark feelings of jealousy in your current partner than other activities like exchanging e-mails.The study yields from the inference that \"people think meals can be more than just meals\". Researchers at the Cornell University asked students to imagine how jealous they would be if their current partners engaged with a former romantic partner in different circumstances.Participants had to rate jealousy feelings on a scale of one to five, ranging from 'not at all jealous' to 'very jealous'. They also had to imagine how their best same-sex friend would feel in same situations. The research found that sharing meals prompted the strongest jealous response, and emails the least. A morning coffee was seen as less innocent than a phone call, but not as serious as lunch.The scientists refer to a dating service called 'It's Just Lunch' in the study published in online journal Public Library of Science ONE. They wrote: \"Our studies suggest that the professional matchmaking company 'Its Just Lunch' perhaps unknowingly benefits from implicit beliefs about eating together that helps them to connect people. But moreover, our findings also suggest that a more accurate and innocuous saying might be 'Its Just Coffee', since people seem to view drinking coffee during the day as relatively more platonic.\"\"By applying a functional view of jealousy, our studies yield the inference that people think meals can be more than just meals,\" said Study leader Dr Kevin Kniffin, from Cornell University, New York.Interestingly, the researchers did not find any significant differences in the jealousy reported by male versus female participants.\"Given the tradition and fashion of food sharing among co-workers, family members, and friends, our findings are notably consistent with the idea that eating together has importance beyond nutritional factors, \" Kniffin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857443", "title": "Fire guts godown in outer Delhi, 5 injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five people suffered severe burn injuries after being trapped in a major fire that broke out in a perfume godown in Alipur area of outer Delhi on Thursday evening.Police officials said a short circuit may have caused the fire. 16 fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the %the fire was doused within a few hours.The five men got trapped in a portion of the godown and were later rescued by firemen and cops.A goods tempo parked inside the godown was also charred in the incident. The injured were rushed to Raja Harishchandra Hospital where they are undergoing treatment. Their condition is reported to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857860", "title": "CBI questions Ravinder Rishi again in Tatra case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Thursday again questioned Vectra chairman Ravinder Rishi in connection with the Tatra all-terrain vehicle supply deal as it needed clarifications on some additional facts which emerged during officials' visit to BEML facilities in Bangalore.CBI officials, who carried out an on-site verification of BEML facilities in Bangalore for the production of Tatra vehicles, have gathered \"crucial\" evidence which indicates alleged involvement of some senior officials of the public sector undertaking, sources said.Rishi, who is an accused in the case registered by the agency, has refuted any wrongdoing in the supply of these all-terrain vehicles to BEML. The agency might question Rishi again and may also call some former BEML CMDs for clarifications, sources said.CBI might make some significant arrests in connection with the case soon but sources clarified that no arrest orders have been issued so far.The agency is probing alleged irregularities in assigning supply from the Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which the agreement was originally signed in 1986, to Tatra Sipox UK owned by Rishi in 1997 showing it as original equipment manufacturer and a fully-owned subsidiary of the Czech company which was against rules, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857536", "title": "20 years after acquittal, man held guilty of murder", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty years after a 20-year-old youth was cleared of charges of killing his newly-wed wife, the Bombay high court has reversed the judgment and held him guilty of murder. A division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Shrihari Davare sentenced Nerul resident Laxman Ganti to life imprisonment as he was unable to explain how his wife Lalita died. Laxman, who is now in his 40s, has been given 12 weeks to surrender before the Thane additional sessions judge; the HC directed the Thane court to issue an arrest warrant if he did not.\"Medical evidence reflects that the victim Lalita met with homicidal death--asphyxia due to strangulation--and material evidence crowns the authorship (of the death) on the accused,\" said the judges. \"Since the death occurred in the custody of Laxman, it amounted to custodial death which was within his knowledge. It has come in evidence that (Laxman's parents) were out of the home. Laxman is expected to give an explanation in respect of the death but he failed in discharging the burden,\" the court ruled.The court observed that even as per the defence story, Laxman was the last to leave the residence. Laxman claimed a shop-owner had seen Lalita close the doors after he left, but no defence witness was produced to substantiate his claim. The court relied on section 106 of the Evidence Act to convict him. The court, however, acquitted Laxman and his aged parents of the dowry harassment charge.Laxman and Lalita, from central Mumbai, married in 1990 but the family shifted to Nerul and Lalita was harassed for bringing money from home as Laxman was unemployed. They allegedly demanded Rs25,000 and a VCR. On December 12, 1990, Lalita was taken in an unconscious state to hospital, where she was declared dead.The post-mortem report indicated Lalita was strangled.In 1992, the sessions court acquitted Laxman and his parents of all charges. The state challenged the verdict before the HC. Laxman claimed neighbours had tortured or harassed Lalita. He said that after his parents left the house on the day of the incident, he had gone out to walk his dog. When they returned, they found Lalita unconscious.The court said Laxman's conduct after Lalita's death placed him under suspicion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14857909", "title": "Two Bokaro Steel Plant contract workers injured in pipeline blast", "text": "BOKARO: Two contract workers were badly injured when a pipeline blasted at Cold Rolling Mill-3 of the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) on Thursday.The injured have been identified as Chandan Kumar and Pramod Kumar of Mcnally Bharat Engineering, a firm which has been allotted fabrication work in CRM-III. The duo are residents of L H Colony, said BSL sources.Gagan Singh, a worker, who witnessed the incident and brought the injured to the hospital, said the incident occurred at around 6.30 pm when the pipeline blasted off while it was being tested.The two of them were working at a platform located few meters above the ground where the pipeline was laid.\"Listening to the deafening sound of blast I rushed to the spot and found Pramod and Chandan lying unconscious at the spot. I rushed them to Shivam Hospital, from where the doctor referred Chandan to Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) as he was in a critical condition while Pramod is being administered treatment there,\" said Singh.Chief of communication, BSL, Sanjay Tiwari said the pipeline was freshly installed and it was being tested before it was completely operational when it burst.\"Chandan sustained head injuries in the incident while we didn't know about Pramod as he is admitted in a private hospital,\" said Tiwary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "14857325", "title": "2 students hurt in Faridabad accident", "text": "FARIDABAD: Eight students of a private school had a narrow escape when an autorickshaw in which they were travelling was hit by a car. Around 7:30am on Thursday, a speeding Tavera rammed into the vehicle on National Highway, injuring two students and the auto driver. The car driver fled the spot.Some passerby informed police and took the injured to a hospital. The condition of Barkha, a Class X student and Natasha a Class IX student of St Peter's School, is critical. The auto driver, Tarachand has received multiple injuries %and is said to be serious. Other students also suffered minor injuries.It was at 7.30am in the morning of Thursday when eight students of St. Peters school, travelling in an auto rickshaw were hit by Tavera coming from Delhi side on National Highway while the auto rickshaw was turning towards Government College. The impact was so high that the auto rickshaw was thrown away from the road totally broken. Tavera was also damaged from front. The driver of the Tavera, sensing trouble, fled from the spot. The auto rickshaw driver Tarachand was seriously injured in the accident.The passerby called upon the police and the injured were taken to Sunflag Hospital. The condition of Barkha a student of class 10th and Natasha studying in 9th is said to be serious.. ACP Atma Ram informed that according to the students the auto driver was not at fault, he was driving the vehicle at a moderate speed. The hit was result of the over speeding Tavera. This accident has again raised the question on the impact of regular checking by police department not only on the highways but in the inner parts of the city too. With this case it is been come to light that reckless drivers are not possible to be tamed by police of any city or state. It was only the luck which favoured these kids to survive. Had the hit be slightly stronger, any tragedy would have taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856426", "title": "Demand for English, political science in Cotton College", "text": "GUWAHATI: As admissions to the arts stream in Cotton College have come to an end, more and more students are opting for majors in English, economics, political science and education. Bengali and Arabic have failed to generate candidates' interestEnglish and economics were followed by anthropology and geography as the most demanding subjects in the majors' category, a usual trend every year, as the departments are considered as one of the best in the region. As admissions have come to an end in the general and reserved categories , the other categories that are yet to be filled up are in the sports and cultural categories.\"Students opt for those which are viable in the present context of the current scenario. So based on these facts, students definitely opt for subjects like English, economics, education or others. Subjects like Bengali or Arabic are well-suited subjects but they are viable for those students who want to undertake scholarly pursuits. Majority of students think it is better to choose a subject that will guarantee an extra edge over other competitors,\" said a faculty member of the college.The total number of students who have taken admissions at the TDC level amounted to 338. The total number of seats available in the TDC, BA level is 331. Putting into use the index factor method for the first time after discarding the conservative credit system, the particular ratio extracted in the arts stream was 1.06. The total number of seats in the general category is 210.The total number of candidates who had applied for limited coveted seats in the TDC level this year was around 1,992. But due to competitive job market scenario and to cater to the needs of emerging trends, students opt for those subjects which are not only viable but lucrative as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857473", "title": "Sheila Dikshit says 'thank you' to Singapore PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday called on visiting Singapore prime minister Lee Hsien Loong and thanked him for his country's help in setting up a greenfield skill development institute on the lines of its Institute of Technical Education (ITE).During her interaction with Loong, Dikshit spoke about the help extended by Singapore in setting up of a modern water recycling plant with a capacity of 40 MGD per day in the city. Dikshit told the visiting prime minister that her Government would be eager to set up such more plants after assessment of the results of the first plant. Later when contacted by TOI, Dikshit said she is deeply obliged that Loong gave her a courtesy call. \"We have signed two MoUs with them today and look forward to working with them in future,\" Dikshit said.Expressing gratitude for rendering constructive cooperation in setting up a greenfield institute at south Delhi's Jaunapur, she said the Institute is being set up on the lines of a world class Institute at Singapore's ITE.The Institute at New Delhi would not only go a long way in skill development of the youth but would also train the trainers, she told Loong.Delhi government on Monday passed the project pertaining to setting up a world class institute on skill development in Delhi's Jonapur with assistance from Singapore government.The green field skill development centre will impart skill development training on par with the best of such institutes in the country. The Singapore government had offered to provide technical expertise to the proposed institute during Dikshit's visit to that country in October last year.The courses on tourism, hospitality, health care, automobile, manufacturing, construction, IT and IT enabled services, electronics, production and manufacturing, financial services, banking, bio-technology, chemical technology, para-medic and emergency care, nursing, business studies, and retail-merchandising will be offered in the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858592", "title": "Coimbatore commissioner pulls up officers", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to keep the men in uniform sober, clean and efficient after the recent incidents of police personnel being caught in inebriated state on duty hours, city police commissioner AK Vishwanathan has communicated to all city police personnel that strict disciplinary action will be taken if any police officer is caught under the influence of alcohol during duty hours in Coimbatore city police limits.Vishwanathan also added disciplinary action will be initiated against the station inspectors if any of their subordinates are caught in an inebriated state as it is their responsibility to ensure that the men do not drink during duty hours. The act can also lead to suspension, he said.\"It has been made very clear that such behaviour will not be tolerated under any circumstance. Every officer is responsible to uphold the name of the department and hence we have issued the instruction,\" said Vishwanathan.The image of the city police took a beating after three recent incidents of policemen creating nuisance on the city streets under the influence of alcohol. In the recent incident a traffic special sub inspector Karuppaiah crossed all limits when he molested a woman motorist after consuming alcohol while manning a busy traffic junction in the city.\"No officer would be spared over such acts, toughest action will be taken against them,\" Vishwanathan added.The CoP also added that the same message will once again be reiterated by him in person by holding an official parade of the police personnel from the police reserve line in the coming days.A police inspector was suspended after he drove his official vehicle in a rash manner on textool bridge and rammed private vehicles. Another police constable also faced disciplinary action after he rammed a pedestrian near Singanallur while riding his motorcycle after consuming alcohol last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14858897", "title": "Officer who red-flagged bomb suit deal unhappy with probe", "text": "MUMBAI: An IPS officer has expressed unhappiness at the investigation into a \"cheating\" case relating to a purchase of bomb disposal suits.P K Jain, who is currently the managing director of Maharashtra State Security Corporation, recently wrote to the economic offences wing (EOW), saying that it should present its case more strongly in the court that is hearing the anticipatory bail plea of Bimal Agarwal. Agarwal is the director of Techno Trade Impex India, the firm that was to supply the bomb disposal suits.Jain was posted in the home department and was part of the procurement process in 2009. Agarwal, in a writ petition filed in Bombay HC, had alleged that Jain was harassing him.On March 28, 2009, the state had issued purchase orders to the lowest bidder, Techno Trade, to supply 82 bomb suits, each costing Rs 7.58 lakh. Techno Trade was to import the suits from US-based manufacturer Kejo Limited. However, according to the EOW's FIR, the suits were imported from South Africa and China instead of the US and, hence, the firm refused a police inspection of the same. The FIR said that 22 suits came from the US, 46 from China and 13 from South Africa.Jain said the EOW should focus its arguments on the criminal breach of trust committed by Agarwal . According to the EOW FIR, Agarwal submitted a short bank guarantee, which was not renewed on expiry till the supply of goods. Still, he encashed the cheques issued by the state and earned interest on it. This amounts to criminal breach of trust, the FIR said.Jain also expressed displeasure over the delay in a decision on Agarwal's anticipatory bail plea. Agarwal moved the court in March this year and the sessions court is yet to decide on the application. The court will hear the matter on Friday.An EOW official said, \"Our investigation is on and it is progressing in the right direction.\"Opposition demands inquiryOpposition leader Eknath Khadse demanded an inquiry into the purchase of speedboats by the home department at reportedly exorbitant price, which was highlighted by TOI in its July 2 edition. He said the episode smacked of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861141", "title": "Ram Charan's Racha completes 100 days", "text": "Mega power star Ram Charan's Racha has completed 100 days run in important centers in Andhra Pradesh. The producers of the film held a press conference yesterday (July 12) to share their happiness and also thanked all the artistes in the film for their support. NV Prasad and Paruchuri brothers thanked Ram Charan for his stellar performance and showered praises on Sampath Nandi for his directorial skills.Racha completed 100 days run in 5 centers - Srikakulam, Anakapalli, Vijaywada, Machilipatnam and Adoni. Sources further add that Raccha film was placed at No. 4 in terms of collections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14856722", "title": "India is suffering chronic famine: Dr Binayak Sen", "text": "WARDHA: It is well know that hunger and inequity are widespread in India, however, physician and human rights activist Dr Binayak Sen believes that the country is reeling under a chronic famine.Dr Sen was speaking at Medicon 2012, a conference for undergraduate medical students hosted by Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Sewagram. He spoke about grave social issues like hunger, equity and justice, which mar the health care system in the country.\"We have all spoken about malnutrition and hunger in children. Today, 47 per cent Indian children under the age of five are underweight for their age. Yet, few know that according to the statistics of the National Nutritional Monitoring Bureau (NNMB), 37 per cent adults in the country also have a Body Mass Index (BMI) of less than 18.5. The percentage goes up even higher for some communities, like scheduled castes, for whom the number goes up to 60 per cent, scheduled tribes and people belonging to certain states,\" he said.This situation is becoming worse as consumption of grains and cereals is decreasing as per studies, he added.According to the World Health Organisation , any community with 40 per cent of its population below 18.5 BMI is in a state of famine, he added. \"By this standard, many of our countrymen are living in a constant, continued and chronic state of famine. The 'developed' state of Maharashtra also has 37 per cent population with a BMI below 18.5,\" said Dr Sen.He linked this insufficient nutrition in the country with the growing and worsening incidence of tuberculosis in the country. \"Around 8.5 million Indians suffer from TB, which constitutes one-third of the total global burden of TB, making us the biggest contributor to morbidity and mortality suffered from the disease,\" said Dr Sen.To counter this menace, measures like a good system of public distribution, better agricultural policies and a universal health cover can be of immense help, suggested Dr Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14859005", "title": "A fighter at heart, actor by chance", "text": "In the early 1960 s, Dara Singh was approached by producer Devi Sharma to play the hero's part in a film titled King Kong. Already the country's biggest wrestling star , Singh had appeared in a bunch of cameos . But a hero's partseemedway abovehisleague .\"I told him , doing a hero's role is fine , but who will act ?\" Singh recalled in a telephone interview with this reporter a week before his 80th birthday . After the producer had calmedhim , Singh askedfor Rs 1,000 for each day of shooting\u2014his fee for a single wrestling bout those days . But there was another problem . The boy from Dharmuchak , a village 20 km from Amritsar ,spokeHindiwith a Punjabi accent .The solution : his voice was dubbed. \"Later I took classes in Urdu to improve my pronunciation ,\" Singh recalled . Whether tutoring improved his pronunciation is another matter . But the incident underlines traits that helped him conquer new worlds . He believed in himself and was willing to work hard . He was only 18 when a relative in Singaporecalledhim there .Heworkedbriefly in a factory before a supervisor spottedhis potential as a professional wrestler . Singh knew some traditional moves but the promoters got him a Chinese master . Singh showed commitment . He cut his hair and faithfully followed the regimen of 1,200 push-ups and 1,200 sit-ups . In all , four hours of exercise followed by wrestling . His first bout against an Italian ended in a draw . But Singh was pleased to have earned $50. Soon he was travelling to Malaysia , Indonesia and Burma for bouts. As he kept winning fights home and abroad , his name became synonymous withinvincibility .From George Zybiscoto Man Mountain Jack\u2014he body-slammed them all . A series of action-fantasy sagas followed : Samson, Hercules, Lutera, Faulad, Sikander-e-Azam and many more . \"There was huge demand for his solo movies . At one point , his films were being showed in 40-50 Bombay theatres ,\" recalls actor-director Chandrashekhar . Yet, his movies were hardly written about . Film historian Firoze Rangoonwalla recalls Singh at a party hosted by Picture Post, a magazine he edited. \"He thanked us for writing about his films which mostignored asdownmarket ,\" says Rangoonwalla . Singh generally played the underdog with biceps of steel and a heart of gold , often showing more flesh than his heroines\u2014Mumtaz and Helen on many occasions . He had a heart of gold in reallife too. Singh danced by the pool to popular Western music in a guest appearance in Chandrashekhar's film , Cha Cha Cha. \"It was unusual for him to do that on screen . But he obliged me and for free . When the film became a hit, I gifted him a nine-tola gold chain with Cha Cha Cha imprinted on it. Years later when I acted in his film , he gifted me a similar chain ,\" he recalls .Singh later added mythologicals (Har Har Mahadev) to his oeuvre . But he was surprisedwhen director Manmohan Desai approached him to play Amitabh Bachchan's father in Mard (1985 ). \"Why do you need me ,\" he asked the director . \"Because nobody else can play his father ,\" the director replied . Nobody was a bigger alpha male than Dara . In 1987 , Singh re-introduced himself as Hanuman in Ramanand Sagar's TV serial . Sociologist Yogendra Singh says Singh was best suited to play Hanuman . He embodied honesty , loyalty and strength . \"Dara personified values that were traditional yet modern . That's why he remained contemporary to the very end .\" Those who saw him in his last role ,Jab We Met (2007),wouldsurely agree .Grappler's GripSuper mard:Manmohan Desai while casting Dara Singh as Amitabh Bachchan's father in Mard said: \"Mard ka baap super mard hona chahiye.''Promoter no 1:All invitation wrestling matches in Mumbai during the 70s used to have Dara Singh posters with dialogues from his filmsOne step back:Majestic cinema had installed a huge statue of lord Shiva at the theatre during the release of Dara Singh's film Tulsi Vivah. Shiv Sena objected to the monopoly of Hindi films at the cinema. The screening was shifted to Central cinema in South Mumbai. The statue was moved from Majestic to CentralPatriotic touch:After the 1971 Indo-Pak war several patriotic films were made. Dara also made one titled Mera Desh Mera DharamSelect release:Dara Singh was an action hero so most of his films were released in theatres like Diana, Moti, New Roshan and Daulat where action films worked wellGuts and gloryLife and times of a champ who went on to become a film starDara Singh Randhawa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14856509", "title": "Kapil Sibal raises Kendriya Vidyalaya admission quota for MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: HRD minister Kapil Sibal has raised the Kendriya Vidyalaya admission quota for MPs from two to six. This was decided on Thursday at the KV board of governors' meet chaired by Sibal.At present, MPs can recommend only two admissions to Kendriya Vidyalayas in his constituency. In July 2011, the law ministry junked the HRD proposal to raise the quota from two to five \u2014 three for KVs in their constitutency and two in Delhi.The new proposal suggests MPs, including nominated members, can avail of the quota and recommend admissions which will be over and above the sanctioned class strength.The HRD ministry has raised the Kendriya Vidyalaya admission quota for MPs to six. Sources in the ministry said under the new scheme the jurisdiction of Lok Sabha MPs will be limited to their constituency. Rajya Sabha MPs, however, can recommend admissions across the state. For nominated MPs, it's a win-win situation as they can recommend admissions to KVs across India. \"Since there are 140 constituencies in the country which don't have KVs, these MPs can recommend admissions in neighbouring constituencies,\" an HRD official said.There are 1,087 KVs catering to around 1.08 million students across India. There are 545 Lok Sabha MPs and 245 Rajya Sabha MPs who stand to benefit from this scheme and will get 4,740 seats among them.Sibal's decision will please MPs who have been seeking an increase in admission quota since 2010. In 2011, the proposal was struck down by the law ministry citing non-compliance with a Delhi high court order of November 17, 1998.Till 2010, MPs could nominate only two students every academic session, but after the Right to Education Act came into force in April 2010, the HRD ministry scrapped it. But it was restored in May following intense pressure from MPs.Times ViewFar from raising the discretionary quota for MPs from two to six, it should have been scrapped altogether. With the law now providing for a quota for those from economically weaker sections in schools, what is the need for any discretionary quotas with MPs? In any case, in what way are MPs better qualified to decide who should get admission into a Kendriya Vidyalaya? This a left-over of a system in which the government and our 'rulers' were regarded as the dispensers of largesse in a scarcity-ridden society. It is time we shed that mindset and recognize that our elected representatives are meant to serve the people, not act as feudal lords dispensing favours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857478", "title": "Agricultural crisis looms over eleven districts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The agricultural situation in the state has turned alarming with farmers in at least 11 districts waiting for the monsoon rain. Assessing the situation on Thursday, agriculture department officials said the crops in Nizamabad district are showing signs of withering while the situation in Anantapur district remains critical.According to sources, there was some elation in the department after the rain last week brought some relief to the cotton farmers. However, with the state recording moderate rainfall subsequently, the alarm bells have started ringing. What is causing consternation is the lack of inflows into the reservoirs. As on July 11, water levels in all the 16 reservoirs, including Almatti, Narayanapur and Tungabhadra in Karnataka, Srisailam, Nagarjunasagar, Singur, Nizamsagar and Sriramsagar are far less than those of last year.As a result, rain-fed crops like jowar, maize, pulses, groundnut, sesame, sunflower and turmeric are paralyzed due to lack of sufficient rainfall in the state, the report prepared by the agriculture department said. Due to erratic or scanty rainfall, farm operations are yet to commence in many parts of Rayalaseema. In the region as on today, sowing took place only in 45% of the normal area for the period between July 1 to July 11. As against the normal 4,66,745 hectares, during this season so far, only 2,09,207 hectares have been covered. In coastal Andhra, the rainfall has covered about 3,68,632 hectares, or 62% of the total area. In the Telangana region, because of the early rain, sowing has been completed but the crops are withering due to the subsequent dry spell.As on July 11, eleven districts, Ananatapur (minus 74), Karimnagar (minus 52), Kurnool (minus 48), Adilabad (minus 42), Kadapa (minus 33), Vizianagaram (minus 29), Vishakhapatnam (minus 29), Mahabubnagar (minus 29), Nizambad (minus 27) and Nalgonda (minus 20) are experiencing a severe water shortage. Due to the rain in the preceding week, Chittoor managed to cover the deficit and experience normal rainfall. The other districts which got reprieve from the dry spell due to rain in the previous week are East Godavari, Krishna and Guntur.According to sources in the agriculture department, the period between July 5 and July 11 is the week in this monsoon wherein the state received rainfall more than the normal, registering 39.9 mm as against the normal of 38.9 mm. This has resulted in the state being declared as a 'normal rainfall state.'The reservoirs also present a pathetic picture. All the major reservoirs in the state are holding a dismally low quantity of 273.72 TMC of water, which is 46 per cent less than the levels of last year which stood at 503.96 TMC. \"If there are no rains in the Godavari and Krishna catchment areas in Maharashtra and Karnataka before August first, it would lead to a tough time,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856520", "title": "LED lights to illuminate six key streets in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: City streets are set to get illuminated with light-emitting diode (LED) street lights soon. The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has already completed all formalities for installation of LED in six vital roads.The pilot project for installing LED lights in the city has been initiated by the GMC with Rs 67 lakhs grant from the 13th Finance Commission. It will be completed within three months. The non-corrosive, non-breakable and long lasting LED lights, besides lighting up vital streets in the city, will also save energy, said additional GMC commissioner Mukul Chandra Gogoi.The civic body has selected Dutta Electricals, a Guwahati-based firm, for installing 178 LED lights in six streets of the city. Work on the project will commence soon. \"We are going to install 25-watt LED lights in six streets of the city. Earlier, the GMC installed street lights in electric poles belonging to Assam State Electricity Board. But this time, we are going to install LED lights in glass reinforced polymer composite conical embedded-type galvanized poles. These poles will be fully insulated and can be transported easily for light weight,\" said Jeet Barbaruah, assistant engineer of GMC.He further added that the concerned farm will have to look after maintenance of LEDet tpoles for the next ten years as per the terms of agreement with GMC. \"We will also take opinion of locals residing along these streets,\" he added.In Saurav Nagar main road under Dispur legislative assembly constituency (LAC), 42 LED street lights will be installed. Altogether 136 similar street lights will be installed in Green Park Colony (Jalukbari LAC), bye lane lane six of Bhaskar Jyoti Path (Dispur LAC), Pakija Path (Dispur) LAC, Rotunda to Gauhati Medical College Hospital campus (East Guwahati LAC) and in Pragjyotish Nagar Main Road (West Guwahati LAC).\"The GMC has received Rs 17 lakh grant from the 13th finance commission, 2010-11, for installation of LED lights in Saurav Nagar Main Road. And for the rest five streets, Rs 50 lakh grant has been received from the commission,\" said Barbaruah. LEDs are beneficial over incandescent light sources for improved robustness. Barbaruah added that the GMC is hopeful that the LED lights will beautify city streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14862118", "title": "Tyre-shaped giant, prehistoric turtle discovered", "text": "WASHINGTON: Paleontologists have unearthed what they believe is the fossil of a giant turtle that lived some 60 million years ago in what is now northwestern South America .The fossil turtle, with a huge tire-like carapace or shell, was discovered in Colombia's La Puente pit in the Cerrejon Coal Mine, which is famous for its other treasures, including the world's largest snake Titanoboa cerrejonensis.Researchers have earlier found from the pit fossils of two crocodile species, Cerrejonisuchus improcerus and Acherontisuchus guajiraensis, as well as two turtle species, the small-car-size Carbonemys cofrinii and the thick-shelled Cerrejonemys wayuunaiki.Named Puentemys mushaisaensis after the pit where it was found, the turtle, whose shell would have extended five feet across, adds to growing evidence that tropical reptiles ballooned after the dinosaurs were wiped out.Even with its mouth wide open, the 45-foot-long Titanoboa wouldn't have been able to down this turtle, not whole at least, the researchers said.And its round, low-domed shape would have increased the surface area exposed to the sun to keep the cold-blooded turtle warm, said study researcher Carlos Jaramillo of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama .\"The shell was far more rounded than a typical turtle,\" Jaramillo told LiveScience.Various factors, including plentiful food, fewer predators, large habitat and climate change, would have worked together to allow turtles and other animals to reach such relatively gargantuan sizes, scientists have suggested.For instance, the warm weather where would've been beneficial for P-mushaisaensis and other ectotherms that rely on their surroundings to regulate their body temperature, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14856522", "title": "Meeting to discuss Basheer memorial", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A meeting will be held here on July 21 to discuss the setting up a memorial for the legendary writer Vaikom Muhammad Basheer. M K Raghavan, MP and mayor A K Premajam will attend the meeting convened by the district collector K V Mohan Kumar.Though the decision to erect a memorial for Bahseer was taken years ago, it did not materialize for want of suitable land. A committee chaired by writer M T Vasudevan Nair and collector as treasurer had been formed to spearhead the project. An amount of Rs 50 lakh allotted by the government is lying in the account of the committee.In a reply to a query by T A Ahmed Kabeer the other day, minister for cultural affairs K C Joseph had told the assembly the government will take the lead in setting up the memorial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857768", "title": "PCMC panel gives nod for recovery of dues", "text": "PUNE: The PCMC standing committee has approved a policy for recovery of outstanding water bill dues. The policy will come into effect after the civic general body approves it.The policy says that, because of various complaints regarding water bills, on an average, only 30% of the total water charges has been collected in the past three years. The complaints related to non-installation of water meters, fast or non-functional meters, and problems about meter readings.The civic water supply department has stated that there is a need for concentrating on five aspects, namely, recovery of dues, bringing all consumers into the civic water supply system, installation of meters to all connections, effective action against unauthorized connections and regular and timely distribution of bills. The department has stated that there is a shortage of manpower for taking meter readings, making computerized entry of the information at zonal levels, and for preparing water bills and distributing them.The policy mooted an amnesty scheme for citizens to clear their outstanding bills. A private agency would be appointed to prepare and distribute bills. If the consumers have not installed water meters, they will have to do it at their own expense. There are instances where commercial water connections were given to buildings when the construction was in progress and the people who later reside in them after the construction was completed are charged commercial rates instead of residential rates. In such cases, the residents should give proof of the date when they started living there, like copies of building completion certificate, sale deed, and application made to the civic body for charging property tax. Then the civic body will charge them as per the residential rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856880", "title": "Spitting out cancer", "text": "NAGPUR: The move of the Maharashtra government to ban gutkha and pan masala in the state has received applause from the society at large and the oral medical fraternity in particular.This is being considered a positive step forward in the direction of better public health initiatives by the government. \"This is a boon for the society. Tobacco has been a curse on the human race, and with this ban we are on the right track to eliminate this evil from the society,\" said Dr Vinay Hazarey, dean, Government Dental College.Calling this a welcome move, Dr Madan Kapre, ENT specialist and president of Foundation for Head and Neck Oncology said, \"This will help prevent the increasing number of oral cancer and oral submucus fibrosis patients. Also, there was a disturbing rise in the number of youngsters reporting these diseases, which hopefully will now come down.\"He also went on to add that this step will help increase awareness about the harms of consuming tobacco. \"The youth is the most vulnerable victim of this harmful addiction. Now, with this act, the onus lies with all of us to make this act a successful one,\" said Dr Hazarey.Madhusudan Mude, principal of Major Jakate Vidyaniketan, said that it was a very good move by the government. \"In our school, many students have gutkha. Even some teachers indulge in this harmful habit. But, now with the law being in place, we will be able to take action and help students and teachers kick the habit,\" he said.Dr Hazarey said many steps will be taken to help those who are addicted to gutkha and pan masala. \"De-addiction centres and tobacco cessation clinics will help patients to wean their habit. The need of the hour to help wean away an addict is a combination of medical management and counselling,\" he said.Dr Kapre said that in the fight against tobacco addiction, will power was the most potent weapon in the hands of the addict. \"Also, having things like chewing gum and toffees might help when there is an overpowering craving for tobacco,\" he said.Apart from the mental strain because of the psychological dependence on tobacco, leaving the habit does not have any effect on the body. \"While leaving the habit, an addict might suffer from irritation, restlessness and a desperate craving. And this too will subside after a week or two,\" he said.Dr Kapre also suggested a three way approach to get rid of the habit. \"First, having things like chewing gums or cardamoms when having the urge for gutkha. Then, one can ask friends and the family to help them not to think about tobacco or gutkha and finally, what we call the self rewarding technique in which if a person is able to keep himself away from these things, he/she can reward themselves with something they like,\" he said.But the habitual gutkha chewers seem to be not too worried because of the ban. They still have what is commonly known as kharra to consume. \"Kharra is still available. I believe that gutkha is more harmful, so, in a way, it's good that it is banned,\" said Satish Dongarwar, a driver.Having similar views was Raju Mendhe, a private sector employee, \"It's not a big deal. If one is banned we can have the other,\" he said.Paan kiosk owners, however, are worried. \"More people buy gutkha sachets than kharra. This ban will definitely hit my business,\" a paan thela owner Sachin Neware said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857560", "title": "Power crisis: Industries want CM to take lead in finding solution", "text": "HYDERABAD: Up in arms over the state government's decision to inflict an additional power holiday on industries, apex trade and industry body Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Faphas demanded that a high-powered committee be set up headed by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to find a permanent solution to the power crisis.In the latest load-shedding schedule announced on Wednesday, the government increased the number of power holidays for industry from two to three days a week which will be in addition to the daily four peak hour outages, triggering off howls of protest from various sections of industry.On Wednesday, Fapcci officials along with representatives of industry bodies like Bulk Drugs Manufacturers' Association of AP, Federation of Andhra Pradesh Small Industries' Association ( Fapsia), Andhra Pradesh Cement Manufacturers' Association, AP Ferro Alloys Manufacturers' Association and Roller Flour Mills' Association of AP among others, drew the government's attention to the deteriorating health of a powerless AP Inc. Devendra Surana, the FAPCCI president, pointed out how industry in AP was getting only 30% of its required power demand although it was being made to shoulder 70% to 75% of the total Fuel Surcharge Adjustment with the latest cuts all set to force industries to go powerless for nearly 18 days a month. The power shortage will result in losses of Rs 257 crore per day.\"Over the past few months, losses due to power outages have wiped out profits of most industrial units in the state as they find themselves unable to make up for their total monthly production in the few days when it does get power,\" Surana said. He added that since September 15 of last year, industry had been subjected to an average 46% power cuts. Also, he complained how the poor quality of power had resulted in disruption of production and equipment failures.FAPCCI has demanded immediate reduction of VAT on diesel and other power generation fuels to 4% or a VAT set-off and abolition of Rs 0.25 per unit in electricity duty. It also exhorted the government, among other things, to purchase power at higher prices produced from imported LNG, encourage captive power generation in conventional and renewable energy, reduce power cuts for SSI/MSME sector and open access to all industrial units without cross subsidy surcharge throughout the year. Narayan Reddy of the Bulk Drugs Manufacturers' Association said that industry did not mind paying higher charges if the government were to buy power at higher prices to ensure uninterrupted supply. He added that it was ironic that the AP government should trumpet its huge success in attracting proposals worth Rs 6.5 lakh crore at the 2012 Partnership Summit when it was unable to ensure adequate power to the existing units in the state.According to S Singhal of the Steel Manufacturers' Association, the government was squarely to blame for the current power situation as it had failed to anticipate the crisis and draw up a contingency plan for a bad monsoon. \"The government is not planning properly. If need be, it should buy power from outside. Instead, it is just praying to the rain gods that the power crisis may be resolved and imposing power cuts on industry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856657", "title": "Litigants face difficulties due to lawyers\u2019 strike", "text": "KANPUR: The lawyers of the district courts continued their strike on Thursday.They abstained from judicial work. Scores of litigants got fresh dates in the cases. Kanpur Bar Association and Lawyers Association convened a meeting and discussed the issue.The call for the two-day strike was given by the Bar Council of India to protest against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill 2011.Bar Association of Ghatampur also convened a meeting under the chairmanship of Shyam Babu Sachan and discussed the Higher Education and Research Bill 2011, the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institution Act 2010, the Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill 2010 and the National Law School Bill 2011. The lawyers termed these bills as anti-lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14858647", "title": "Project Garima on to protect girl students", "text": "AJMER: Whether the state government can save the girl child or not, the authorities are always up with schemes and propaganda. This time they want a safer zone around girls' colleges and schools from Thursday here.Project Garima was planned after several requests were made by school and college principals.Plainclothes policemen will move around the area and keep a vigil on bikers who usually frequent girls' colleges and school.Men in khaki were also ready to pounce upon these road romeos, however, they fled after seeing the men in uniform.\"We were ready for such elements but they fled the moment they saw us near the gates,\" said a police official. Police were also put on alert on the main thoroughfares during school and college time.Inspector-general of police Anil Paliwal of Ajmer range issued the orders to start Operation Garima to save girls students from eve-teasing and also to provide them a better and secured atmosphere. He instructed every police station to remain alert and if any girl dropped in with eve-teasing complaints, prompt action should be taken. He also asked them to make this operation on a regular basis for the safeguard of girl students.Sources said since the reopening of colleges and schools last week, there were groups of students on motorbike standing near the gates of institution and they harassed these girl student.The eve-teasers frequented Sofia college which is just 100 metres away from the Civil Police Line station. \"My daughter was admitted to the college and she came home crying last year, alleging that the eve-teasers were harassing her,\" said a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858243", "title": "Revise cap for railway accident damages, HC tells Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Questioning the rationale behind keeping 4 lakh as the maximum permissible compensation in railway accident cases, the Madras high court has asked the Centre to revise the rule to ensure a \"fair, reasonable and just compensation.\"Justice P Devadass, dismissing a railways appeal against Rs 4 lakh compensation awarded to the family of a youth killed while travelling to Karur, said: \"Under the 1990 Railway Rules, whatever might be the nature and extent of loss, 4 lakh alone, that too fixed on November 1, 1997, has been prescribed as (maximum) compensation. It does not appear to be a fair, reasonable and just compensation, and it is also not based on relevant aspects.\"He said: \"At any rate, the outer limit of Rs 4 lakh is quite inadequate and it is high time it is revised by the central government to empower the Railway Claims Tribunal to award a fair, reasonable and just compensation like the Motor Accident Claims Tribunal and the Commissioner under Workman Compensation Act.\" The matter relates to the death of 24-year-old P Bakkiyaraj, who fell down from a moving train while travelling from Chennai to Karur on August 24, 2007. According to eyewitnesses, the train had an unscheduled halt at Veeravakiyam railway station, and Bakkiyaraj, who was standing near the door, fell down when the train moved with a jerk.Rejecting the railways' claim of negligence on the part of the victim, the Railway Claims Tribunal had awarded a compensation of 4 lakh, the maximum permissible, to the youth's parents. The railways filed an appeal in the high court.Justice Devadass refused to entertain the railways' argument of negligence and said: \"The basic principle for grant of compensation to the victims is that they should get just compensation. Compensation must be in commensurate with the loss caused to the victims.\"Pointing out that the maximum permissible compensation payable by the railways was increased from 2 lakh to 4 lakh in 1997, the judge said it was high time the Centre made efforts to increase it as in the case of motor accidents. In case of road accident deaths, appropriate multiplier formula is applied taking into account factors such as the salary and age of the deceased, salary prospects, size of the family, loss of love and affection, mental agony, medical expenses, etc. He also said the victims could also approach other forums such as civil courts claiming compensation under tort law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14856541", "title": "Northeast Regional Power Committee seeks ministry of environment and forests nod to Palatana power transmisson", "text": "AGARTALA: Northeast Regional Power Committee (NERPC) has demanded immediate clearance from the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for distributing power generated from the northeast's biggest gas-based thermal project at Palatana in South Tripura.Referring to the NERPC meeting in Faridabad on Tuesday, Tripura power minister Manik Dey had said Palatana would start commercial generation in the next couple of months but transmission line is ready up to Silchar, which has become a major concern for NE states.The MoEF has not yet given the nod for erecting power transmission towers in 300 locations in Meghalaya and Assam, covering 130 km of forest land up to Bongaigaon.North East Transmission Company Ltd, a venture of Power Grid Corporation of India, had applied for MoEF clearance to erect 400 KV inter-state transmission lines, covering a distance of 625 km, passing through hilly terrain, reserve forests and cultivated lands in Tripura, Meghalaya and Assam.ONGC Tripura Power Company (OTPC), a conglomeration of investors, is all set to start generation from a unit of installing capacity of 360 MW of a total 726 MW project in the next three months. But transmission infrastructure is only being arranged up to Silchar from Palatana. Last November, Tripura CM Manik Sarkar held a review meeting on power evacuation from Palatana. The issue of MoEF clearance for Meghalaya and Assam was also discussed, said an OTPC official.Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland would draw their share from the Silchar power substation. But selling power out of NE states requires extension of transmission network up to Bongaigoan. According to an agreement, ONGC started gas-charging the plant through a 20-inch diameter Palatana trunk pipeline on Monday from the Gabardi area, on the outskirts of Agartala, covering a 53 km distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857557", "title": "Ashok Chavan is in search of truce", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Ashok Chavan on Thursday attended the monsoon session of the state assembly for the first time after being chargesheeted in the Adarsh scam. He sat on a solitary bench and was seen interacting with fellow legislators during question hour. After that, he made an exit flanked by his supporters.The opposition tried to flare up the Adarsh issue, but failed since speaker Dilip-Walse Patil did not give them any attention. Later in the day, Chavan not only held a detailed discussion with his supporters and legislators, but also exchanged pleasantries with CM Prithviraj Chavan.It has been widely reported that Ashok Chavan's supporters went to Delhi to plead their leader's case with the Congress high command, but party president Sonia Gandhi refused to meet them.However, following his interaction with the chief minister, his supporters claimed all was well between the two camps. \"The Chavan versus Chavan matter is a media-created issue; there is no animosity between the two leaders. In fact, we did not seek an appointment from Sonia Gandhi,\" said a Congress legislator close to Ashok Chavan.The CM had reportedly conveyed to the Congress high command his disapproval of Ashok Chavan's supporters' \"pressure tactics\". Last week, MLAs close to the ex-CM walked out of a Congress legislative party meeting, angry that the party was not backing Ashok Chavan.The ex-CM told TOI that no one had been asked to go to Delhi to raise the matter with party bosses. On the CM's \"pressure tactics\" comment, he said, \"I don't know what the CM told people in the party. I will meet him personally to understand his point-of-view.\"On Thursday, another tainted Congress leader, MLA Kripashankar Singh, was spotted in the Assembly back benches. Singh, who faces a disproportionate assets case filed by the anticorruption bureau (ACB), was at ease and seen chatting with other legislators. Along with him were Congress legislator Rajhans Singh and Malad MLA Aslam Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14857105", "title": "ATM guard tries to stop robbers, killed", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A lone security man guarding an ATM counter of a cooperative bank at Ghansoli was killed by robbers who attempted to break open the teller machine and loot cash late on Wednesday. The guard was reportedly not armed with any proper weapon to protect himself.After examining the body and going through the footage of the CCTV camera inside the kiosk of Abhudaya Cooperative Bank at Ghansoli, the police suspect that the robbers first hit the guard, Suryakant Mahadik (40), on his head with a helmet before barging inside. Even as the culprits tried to break open the machine, Mahadik probably tried to stop them from doing so, when they slashed his neck with a sharp weapon, killing him, the police said. Beside Mahadik's body, a helmet was found lying on the ground, police said. The officials added the robbers could not flee with any money as the ATM machine automatically locked itself, following attempts were made to break it.The culprits also smashed the CCTV cameras but the Koparkhairane police, investigating the case, have managed to retrieve some of the grabs that show one of the accused, sporting a helmet, entering the ATM counter and proceeding to break open the machine. The officials are now examining the footage for more clues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "14858827", "title": "Stir for grazing grounds gathers steam", "text": "BIKANER: The dharna organized by legislator Devi Singh Bhati and sanyasis to protect the district's grazing land from land mafia entered the fourth day in Bikaner on Thursday. A large number of Bhati's supporters and social activists participated in the dharna singing religious songs, bhajans and kirtan.Bikaner MP Arjun Meghwal also attended the dharna along with Bikaner (west) MLA Gopal Joshi. Later addressing the gathering, Meghwal said that people of Bikaner, being religious, believe in \"Gau Pooja\" and treat cow as their mother. The district administration has to adhere to the genuine demand of people, religious leaders and public representatives. Meghwal said that nobody is against the developmental work, but it is the duty of the government machinery to carry out development keeping in mind the feelings and emotions of people of all religions and communities. He demanded that district administration and state government should pay heed to the people's demand.Devi Singh Bhati, MLA reiterated his allegations and said that the district administration is playing in the hands of colonizers and higher authorities at Jaipur are sitting idle. He said Gehlot government is against the welfare of common man, but providing relief to rich influential people at the cost of welfare. He said according to the old plan, the proposed bypass was to be constructed outside the city area for which government was required to pay compensation to farmers and land owners. But now, under the influence of some powerful colonizers and land mafia, district administration has changed the lay-out of the proposed bypass and now it is to be routed through the grazing land to benefit the colonies developed and likely to be developed along the proposed bypass and ring road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856647", "title": "Indian Airlines changes flight schedule", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Airlines had changed the timings of the Delhi-Kanpur-Kolkata flight. The flight will now operate on Mondays and Fridays. Earlier, it used to fly on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.On Wednesdays, the flight will operate between Delhi and Kanpur only. This changed flight schedule will remain effective till August 31.According to the new schedule, the flight will take off from Delhi at 9.55 am and reach Chakeri Airport at 10.55 am. At 11.25 am, the flight will take off for Kolkata and reach there by 12.55 pm. After taking a brief halt of half-an-hour at Kolkata airport, the flight will once again take off at 1.25 pm to reach Kanpur at 2.55 pm. From Chakeri Airport, the plane will take off at 3.25 pm and reach Delhi at 4.25 pm. This schedule of flight will remain applicable on Mondays and Fridays when the plane will fly between Delhi, Kanpur and Kolkata.On Wednesdays, the plane will fly between Delhi and Kanpur. It will leave Delhi at 9.55 am and reach Kanpur at 10.55 am. From Chakeri Airport, the plane will take off for Delhi at 11.25 am and reach there at 12.25 pm.On Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, the Delhi-Kanpur-Allahabad plane will operate. This flight will leave Delhi at 11.50 am and reach Chakeri Airport at 1.15 pm. From Chakeri, the plane will leave for Allahabad at 1.35 pm and reach there at 2.15 pm.After a halt of 20 minutes, the plane will leave Allahabad at 2.35 pm to each Kanpur at 3.15 pm and from Kanpur it will fly at 3.35 pm to reach Palam Airport in Delhi at 5 pm.The new schedule came into effect from Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857127", "title": "10 years on, Rs 48 lakh relief for ex-Air India man", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten years after a flight engineer from Juhu lost his licence for medical reasons, the state consumer commission on Wednesday ordered an insurance company to pay him a compensation of Rs 28 lakh for wrongly repudiating his Loss of Flying License Insurance policy claim on the grounds of a pre-existing illness. The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has also directed New India Assurance Co Ltd to pay the insurance amount of Rs 20 lakh to the complainant, D Janardanan.According to the commission, Janardanan deserved to be compensated for the delay, mental agony and litigation cost. \"There is substantive merit in the complaint as the opponents arbitrarily repudiated the insurance claim, rendering deficiency in service,\" the panel said.An ex-flight engineer with Air India , Janardanan's licence was renewed from time to time. Through Indian Flight Engineers' Association, he subscribed to the Loss of Flying License Insurance policy, under which the sum assured was Rs 20 lakh; it was valid from from September 29, 2000 to September 28, 2001.From December 13, 2001, Air Force Central Medical Establishment declared Janardanan \"permanently medically unfit\" following which he lost his licence and certificate of validity. The airline grounded him for office duty. Since the insurance policy covered indemnity for a licence loss, Janardanan filed for a claim in February, 2002. The firm, however, offered to honour only a part of the claim, at the rate of 18% of the sum assured, against 100%. Janardanan declined the offer and the insurance company repudiated the claim in 2003.After he lodged a complaint, the firm said the claim was rejected as the illness occurred before the insured period. But stating the company had failed to establish the pre-existing disease theory , the commission said before subscribing to the policy, a medical certificate issued by the Air Force Central Medical Establishment in May 1999, with the copy of the flying licence, was submitted with the proposal form. This was assessed, following which the policy was issued without any condition or rider. \"Had there been alleged pre-existing disease, the complainant's flying licence would not have been renewed, which was subject to medical tests,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14857017", "title": "Lizard found in anganwadi ration packet", "text": "NASHIK: Members present at the general body meeting of the Nashik zilla parishad (ZP) held on Thursday were stunned by the fact that a take home ration (THR) packet meant for malnourished children had a dead lizard inside. Prakash Wadje, ZP member from Dindori, raised the issue and demanded an immediate recall of food packets, blacklisting of the food supplier, and immediate repatriation of the deputy chief executive officer, women and child welfare committee.A woman from Eklahara village in Dindori taluka, Hemlata Pawar, received THR packets, meant for malnourished children and family members including lactating mothers and girls attaining puberty in rural areas, from an anganwadi in the village.\"As I opened the last of the six packets to prepare food for my three-year-old son on Wednesday, the dead lizard fell into the pan with the food. I was shocked. I called my neighbours and showed it to them,\" Pawar said while narrating the incident to ZP president Jayashree Pawar and chief executive officer, Ranjit Kumar.Raising the issue in the House, Wadje pointed out the apathy of officials towards the issue, as none of the officials reached the spot till 10am on Thursday despite having been informed about the same.Further, the clarification by the deputy chief executive officer of the committee, Anamika Ingole, that prima facie it appeared that the packet delivered in May might have been left open and accidentaly a lizard from the house might have entered the packet, raised many eyebrows and objections, with the House immediately demanding her repatriation to her parent department.The ZP president was quick to adopt a resolution saying that the officer has not been cooperating with the members many times. \"Since the past four months, there have been complaints against the officer and the current situation only warranted her repatriation,\" Jayashree Pawar said.Taking note of the situation, the chief executive officer said that the samples have been sealed and sent for further investigations. Also, an inquiry would be conducted into the same, show-cause notices would be sent to all officials concerned and action would be taken accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858184", "title": "Opposition slammed for misdeeds during reign", "text": "PANAJI: Participating in the discussion on the motion of thanks to the governor's address, ruling coalition members refuted opposition charges and turned the tables on the Congress, saying chief minister Manohar Parrikar will need some more time \"to clean up the mess\" created by the last government.BJP's St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh lashed out at the Congress for its critical comments-and at opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane's amendments to the motion-saying in 110 days the BJP-led coalition has done lots, while the last government \"failed miserably to bring about any development in the state\".Also pooh-poohing the former Congress rule, Goa Vikas Party supremo and Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco said if the former government had been truly of the aam admi as it had boasted many non-Congress candidates, now in the assembly, would not have been elected.\"Hundred days is too short a period for anyone to judge any government. But here the government is performing and people have high expectations and high hopes of the CM to put Goa on the right track,\" said Pacheco.He alleged that Congress' seven-year rule saw corruption and scams at a high. \"Even the blind and the deaf know how loot took place during the Congress regime,\" the former minister in the Congress government said. He demanded that Parrikar initiate action against those involved in scams, illegalities and the \"loot of the state\".Curchorem BJP MLA Nilesh Cabral said the Selaulim water problem, caused by the high content of manganese, is a result of the previous government's performance.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said the previous government totally failed to control nefarious activities in the coastal belt. Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant added that the previous government totally failed to control mining's ill-effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857763", "title": "NGO to renovate 5 Pune schools", "text": "PUNE: Till a few days ago, students of the Sadhana English School in Mulshi studied in a dilapidated building, with broken windows and no proper roof. Today, however, the school is transformed. It now has a solid, concrete building with more classrooms, new benches and a green play area, all thanks to the NGO Round Table India (RTI).The RTI identified and reconstructed the Zilla Parishad-run school under its 'freedom through education' initiative. As a result, 80 new students have taken admission to the school, adding to its earlier strength of 120.Addressing a news conference on Monday, Karan Gehani, project convenor at RTI, said, \"The school was in a sorry condition when we went there. No proper facilities were being provided to students. Some students sat in the open space, there were no proper classrooms, no ventilation and yet students were studying with great interest.We thought that the school needed support, and decided to provide the necessary infrastructure.\"The new building is now equipped with five classrooms, a library and a computer room, pantry, 100 dual benches, audio-visual equipment and all modern electrical fittings. The budget for the new infrastructure was Rs 63 lakh.Sandhana English medium school is just one of the 1,200 schools that RTI has built in the past 13 years. In its golden jubilee year, it has plans to build 107 such schools across India with a total estimated budget of Rs 24 crore. Of the 107 schools, five schools have been identified in Pune district. The other four are in Sonesanghvi near Shirur, Solu in Alandi, another in Wagholi and a school exclusively for the mentally challenged in Pabal, also in Shirur.RTI ties up with corporate houses and individuals for sponsorship and the entire amount is utilised to construct the building. All the administrative costs are borne by the members. There are close to 3,000 RTI members spread across 93 centres in the country.This year being an Olympics year, the RTI has also decided to construct 40 playgrounds in the country. \"The process of identifying schools which need playgrounds or sports equipment, multi-utility courts, track and field arena is under wayIn the next three months the 40 schools will be identified and construction will begin,\" Gehani said. RTI has tied up with Procter and Gamble for this project for sponsorship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858649", "title": "\u2018Will miss you Dara\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If there are many who would remember the muscle man of India Dara Singh for the international acclaim he won by defeating some of the best wrestlers of his time, some others would remember him as \"Hanuman\", owing to his enactment of the mythological character in Ramanand Sagar's \"Ramayan\" and \"Mahabharata\". His numerous fans in tricity mourned the demise of Rustam-e-Hind on Thursday morning and social networking sphere of Facebook and Twitter flooded with \"RIP\" messages for Dara Singh, after he passed away in his Mumbai residence on Thursday morning, at the age of 84.Zirakpur resident Subhasis Neogi, who works as an animator and is an educationalist as well, said, \"His physique, popularity as a wrestler and smartness got him an undisputed place in film Industry. He was the only wrestler to succeed as an actor and become popular among masses with his work in Hindi and Punjabi movies.\" \"I am an animator and I always imagined him as Tarzan because of his ripped physique,\" he added. Businessman Pawan Kumar Sood from Sector 11 said there could be no better \"Hanuman\" than Dara.\"His fight with King-Kong was legendary. I never met him personally, but he seemed to be a truly wonderful person,\" says Sector 15 resident Rajesh Kumar Bedi. \"Watching him on TV regularly had made him a part of our family. His death has come as a shock. We will miss him dearly\", says Sector 43 resident Vijay Singh Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861811", "title": "Cruise 'doing everything to keep Suri in Scientology", "text": "Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' amicable divorce and custody agreement is a sham, as the actor is ready to spend every cent of his wealth to induct daughter Suri into Scientology, it has been revealed.According to sources, the 'Mission Impossible' star and devout Scientologist has concocted an evil, long-range plan to indoctrinate the couple's 6-year-old daughter into the wacky cult.Another source said that the actor had already subjected her to a creepy Scientology \"audit.\"\"Tom will do whatever it takes to make sure he comes out on top,\" the New York Post quoted a source as telling Star magazine .\"Everything is going on the line - the homes, the jets, the money in the bank. He's worth up to 250 million dollars, and he's made it clear that he's willing to spend every last cent fighting for Suri,\" the source said.A bitter 50-year-old Cruise had told friends that he had been caught off guard and felt betrayed by the 33-year-old actress' sudden demand for a divorce after splitting from their Hollywood mansion to set up house in a posh Chelsea pad.\"What really shocks him is how meticulously she planned this divorce, when all the while she was telling him she loved him. He's devastated by that, and that devastation has turned into anger,\" a source said.According to sources, the 'Dawson's Creek' star is every bit as determined to keep her beloved daughter away fromCruise's Scientology cohorts - who had been trying to take more and more control of the child's life, sources told US magazine.\"Tom was beginning to audit Suri behind [Holme's] back,\" the source said, referring to the Scientology practice that supposedly cured people of any mental and emotional problems and set them on a path to enlightenment.While a Cruise representative denied that charge, Holmes wasn't taking any chances.\"You get asked really intense things [during auditing] - and Suri is only 6! Katie saw a difference in Suri,\" the source said.The shocking disclosures came just two days after the couple had issued a joint statement announcing a settlement of their split.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857371", "title": "Kolkata girl tops Indian Economic Service examination", "text": "KOLKATA: City girl Tamanna Sinha, a Jadavpur University alumnus, has topped the intensely competitive Indian Economic Service (IES) exam, salvaging some pride for Bengal that barely figures on the IAS topper's list.The IES selects the men and women who will go on to formulate critical economic policies for the country.Tamanna inherited her passion for economics from her father, retired IAS officer Trinath Krishna Sinha. After passing ICSE from Lycee School on Hindustan Road followed by ISC in economics stream at Our Lady Queen of the Mission in Park Circus, Tamanna enrolled for economics at JU.\"It was during my post-graduation that my father inspired me to take the IES exam. Even in my schooldays, I would wonder how policies are formulated and implemented in a country as vast and diverse as India. So when I learnt that IES was the stepping stone to being part of the policy and programme making body, I got hooked. Since then, I have had only IES at sight and did not consider any other career option,\" Tamanna said.She ranked 10th in post-grad, and cleared the IES written test in 2009, but fell short in the interview. She skipped the next year to prepare better and appeared the test again in 2011.The following year, Tamanna did not sit for the exam due to a family-related issue. \"Since I was studying on my own with only my father to help, being thorough with the vast syllabus and staying focused in the run-up to the examination is very important,\" she pointed out.The interview went like a breeze this time. \"I thought I had done well but in an examination as competitive as this, where some of the best students compete for just 29 slots, one can't really predict. When the results were published on June 10, I was dumbfounded,\" said Tamanna.Her father is overjoyed. \"This is the best gift she could give me. I was always confident of her potential and knew she could pass the test. But that she stood first is unbelievable,\" he said. Tamanna's home-maker mother Sarmistha is thrilled.So having cleared the first hurdle to becoming an economic analyst and planner, what does she think of the financial situation of her home state? \"Bengal is financially in dire straits and does need support, perhaps by way of a moratorium on loan repayment. But it has to be within the country's federal structure. It also has to develop a mechanism for proper funds utilization and execution of projects,\" she said.\"The state has to adopt a policy whereby services are properly priced and taxed and subsidies are offered to those who cannot otherwise afford the services. Unless that happens, the super-rich who own a fleet of diesel luxury cars will enjoy the subsidy that is actually meant for public transport,\" she said.Tamanna has her doubts on the benefits of opening up FDI in retail without protection to farmers. \"There is no certainty that farmers will benefit if FDI flows in. Multi-brand retailers must source a percentage of products from farmers and micro, small and medium enterprises and invest in the supply chain. Unless the move benefits multiple stakeholders, it will not be fair play,\" said Tamanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "14858348", "title": "Karnataka bus hits Goan family, 1 dead", "text": "OLD GOA: In a tragic hit-and-run case, a 35-year-old married woman, Babita Kuttikar, was killed on the spot after an oncoming Karnataka state transport bus dashed against her parked two-wheeler near the bridge over the Konkan Railway tracks at Old Goa.According to police, Kuttikar, along with her husband Vilas, had parked their Activa near the flyover and were showing the moving train to their five-year-old son standing at the side of the Banastarim-Old goa highway. Suddenly, a speeding Karnataka ST bus which was on its way from Ponda to Panjim hit Babita, her husband as well as her son and fled from the scene.Babita received head injuries and died on the spot, while her husband and son received minor injuries.The Old Goa police rushed to the spot and later arrested the driver of the bus, Prakash Gowade, a resident of Bijapur in Karnataka.He was held under Section 134 (A) (B) of the Motor Vehicles Act, and further investigations into the case are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14857010", "title": "Civic body buys land against transfer of development rights", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to acquire land at four places in the city against transfer of development rights (TDR) after obtaining consent from the state government for civic projects. The land that is to be acquired, is located at survey no. 288/2, survey no. 42, survey no. 197/1A/3 and survey no. 264/4 to 6. The decision to this effect was taken at the standing committee meeting of the NMC on Thursday.\"These plots of land were reserved in the development plan of the NMC approved in 1993, but were not acquired by the NMC. The state had introduced a TDR for self-government bodies to acquire land against TDR in the year 2000. As the financial position of NMC is not good, these four reserved plots of land are to be acquired against TDR and the consent of the state government will be obtained in this regard,\" standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said.The land located at survey no. 288/2 had been reserved for the proposed 18 metre DP road project and the Dy. Collector (land acquisition) had sent a letter to the NMC to deposit around Rs. 7.34 crore.The land located at survey no. 42 with reservation no. 200, had been reserved for the Shopping Market and parting areas and Dy. Collector (land acquisition) had told to deposition 50 per cent of the amount i.e Rs. 3.88 crore.The land located at survey no. 197/1A/3 with reservation no. 294 had been reserved for the proposed stadium and Rs. NMC had to deposit around Rs. 9.75 crore to carry out acquisition process.The fourth land was located at survey no. 264/4 to 6 with reservation no. 271 had been reserved for the proposed playground and 30 metre DP road. The Dy. Collector (land acquisition) had sent a letter to the NMC to deposit around Rs 5.83 crore for the acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857383", "title": "Students roped in for UN green meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: In preparation for the United Nations' 11th Conference of Parties (COP 11), slated to be held in the city between October 8 and 19, the National Green Corps (NGC) along with the AP Pollution Control Board ( APPCB) is currently training 2,000 students from various city colleges.The students will accompany the 800 delegates from 193 countries, who are likely to participate in the international biodiversity convention in Hyderabad.Apart from holding discussions with delegates on issues related to biodiversity in their countries, these students will also man the exhibitions that will be organised by the participants during the summit.\"The student volunteers are being trained in three languages, Arabic, French and Spanish, to be able to interact with the guests,\" said W G Prasanna Kumar, director, NGC at a conference here on Thursday.He said that the initiative was designed to provide students an opportunity to understand the subject better and learn about the many measures that each country is adopting to enhance its biodiversity. The state government has sanctioned Rs 2 crore for this training programme.The funds will also be used to set up a model UN in the city where over 300 students and teachers from across the state will discuss various issues pertaining to biodiversity.\"Their views and concerns will be taken up and addressed on the floor of COP 11,\" Prasanna Kumar added. This apart, students will also be organizing cultural programmes and street theatres.The primary objective of COP 11 is to assess the status of the Nagoya protocol that was adopted in 2010 in Japan. During this meet, participants had discussed issues pertaining to access and benefit sharing (ABS) among member countries that could result in sustainable use of biodiversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858580", "title": "That Rs 500 note in your hand could be a fake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: That Rs 500 note in your hand could be a fake. For, the police are receiving many cases of counterfeit currency making their way into the City Beautiful through Pakistan.Fake notes -- which mostly come in the denominations of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 -- are smuggled first to different districts of Punjab that share border with Pakistan. And after crossing various levels, these reach the city. The agents obtain Rs 1 lakh in fake currency at a cost of Rs 40,000 to Rs 70,000. These startling facts came to light during investigations into such cases.The menace is fast spreading its tentacles. On Wednesday, counterfeit currency of Rs 85,000 was found in the cash of State Bank of India here.Anokh Singh, investigation officer of the case, said, \"It is difficult to differentiate a fake note from the original one. We are trying to ascertain its source. In most of the cases, these are smuggled into India from Pakistan border and then circulated in different parts of Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and Himachal Pradesh.\"Even bank officials admitted that it was difficult to ascertain the authenticity of each note at the cash counter.O P Bhagat, case manager at treasury branch of SBI in Sector 7, said, \"Every day, cash of around 30 branches comes here. Though we try our best to ensure no fake note is accepted, these somehow enter the cash.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14858309", "title": "Olympics: UK intelligence under \"unprecedented pressure\"", "text": "LONDON: The forthcoming Olympics have placed British intelligence services under \"unprecedented pressure\" this year, according to the Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC) that examines the policy, administration and expenditure of the three services.In its annual report released today, the ISC said that it recognised the \"exceptional effort\" that had been required from the staff the intelligence services during the year preceding the Olympic Games.ISC members are appointed by the Prime Minister after considering nominations from Parliament and consulting with the Leader of the Opposition.The Committee reports directly to the Prime Minister, and through him to Parliament, by the publication of reports.The intelligence services had identified three potential sources of threat during the Olympics: \"Al-Qaida and its affiliates planning an attack on the Games and/or participants, especially US or Israeli nationals; Northern Ireland based Republican terrorist groups, either through an attack or a hoax to cause disruption rather than mass casualties; and clashes between rival groups or ethnicities that would be present in London during the Games but who ordinarily would not be considered a threat to the UK\".Besides, the committee's report said that the accreditation process for the Olympics increased pressure considerably.The process required all 540,000 applications from those working at the venues, as well as officials, volunteers and team members, to be checked against relevant databases to identify anyone whose presence may be a threat to national security.The intelligence services also came under pressure due to \"the need for extensive briefing of and liaison with foreign partners, as foreign intelligence services from the more than 200 nations represented at the Games are expected to send representatives with their delegations for co-ordination and security purposes\".The ISC said that the Security Service had planned on the basis of an \"increased terrorist threat\" during the Olympics, resulting in greater volumes of intelligence to be analysed and responded to, coupled with a shorter turnaround time and a lower risk threshold than would normally be applied to such intelligence.The report added that the Security Service had planned on the basis of having to cope with double the normal volume of new intelligence leads, with peaks of possibly four times greater than usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858393", "title": "Two infant deaths after vaccination in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Three-month-old Tanujashree is the second child to die of 'adverse effects from immunisation' (AEFI), after being administered the pentavalent vaccine in Tamil Nadu since December 2011. Tanujashree, whose family lives in Arundhati Nagar near Perambur, died on Wednesday hours after she was administered the vaccine.Earlier in January, a month after the new five-in-one vaccination project began, a three-month-old died in Kancheepuram within 24 hours of being given the injection.The state's public health department recorded the deaths as AEFI as specified by WHO. Officials at the directorate of public health said they did not go public with it since no postmortem was done to prove the death was linked to the vaccine. \"The doctor who treated the child suspected a congenital disease, but we have not been able to prove it because the family was not willing for a postmortem,\" said a senior health official.Even as Tanujashree's postmortem report is yet to come, officials have ruled out vaccine as the reason for the death. \"It is unlikely that the vaccine was defective because nine other children received doses from the same vial. We don't know if the child had some other problems,\" he said.Tamil Nadu and Kerala are first states to administer pentavalent vaccine to 16 lakh children. The programme in Tamil Nadu began in December 2011 amidst safety and utility concerns raised by experts. Kerala, which started the programme ahead of Tamil Nadu has recorded four AEFI deaths so far. A case is pending in the Delhi high court challenging the introduction of such vaccines under the universal immunisation programme without scientific studies by the Union health ministry.So far, under the expanded immunization programme, the government has been giving six primary vaccines to prevent tuberculosis, diphtheria, whooping cough, tetanus, measles and polio. The pentavalent vaccine adds two components - hepatitis B and haemophilus influenzae type B (Hib) - to the triple combination of DPT. The vaccine was cleared by the national technical advisory group on immunisation as the vaccine is already being used by private practitioners.Directorate of public health joint director Dr K Vanaja says so far 2.9 lakh children have been given the pentavalent vaccine. Every month, 90,000 children across the state are admitted. \"Other than the two deaths, we had two admissions for fits due to high fever. But other children have been healthy. Benefits from this vaccine are huge. Deaths due to meningitis have come down drastically in the state,\" she said.Senior officials in the health department said they would continue administering the vaccine as they did not see any adverse side effects so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14856377", "title": "1 dead, many hurt in Jaintia Hills blast", "text": "SHILLONG: A powerful bomb exploded in a remote coal mining village in Meghalaya's Jaintia Hills district on Thursday, killing a youth and injuring nine miners.\"The incident took place at Rasong village in Khliehriat sub-division at 2 am. Preliminary investigation of the on the spot indicated that the bomb was so powerful that it left a crater of about one-foot at the site of the explosion,\" he added.Mintu Das, 26, hailing from Assam , was killed on the spot. The rest have been shifted to the nearest CHC at Khliehriat and Civil Hospital at the district headquarters.Police suspect that did it may be a handiwork of militants or a fall out of enemity among mine owners. A formal inquiry would ordered to investigate the case. \"Bomb blasts are rare in Meghalaya and therefore we are taking this incident very seriously,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14857738", "title": "Govt to appoint artists as schoolteachers: CM", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar , on Thursday, announced that the government would appoint artists associated with visual art as teachers in high and middle schools of the state.Inaugurating the exhibition of paintings by noted painter Anandi Prasad Badal and releasing his book 'Mere Shabd, Mere Chitra' on the premises of College of Arts &amp; Crafts, Patna, the CM said a painting studio would also be constructed for them in the state capital.To add to the legend of Badal, the CM said as many as 1,600 of his paintings were burned in a fire, but he did not lose heart and recreated them. The exhibition held on the day included those paintings, the CM said, adding that his artistic feat should be an inspiration for all other painters who were in the amateur stage and learning the art.The CM, in the same vein, said stage artistes like that of dance and music were being appointed as teachers, but artists of the visual medium had been left out. Therefore, a decision has been taken to appoint them as teachers in government high and middle schools. The mode and process of their appointment would be decided after discussion, he said.The CM also said that taking into account the long-pending demand of the students and artists related with the visual medium, the government has decided to construct an art studio, either on the premises of the College of Arts and Crafts here, or at any suitable place in the state capital. He also appreciated the contributions made by the students of the college in making the centenary celebration of Bihar a success. He also recalled the sculpted images made by its students that had been installed in different public parks of the state capital.To bring home his association with Badal, the CM thanked the painter for making a painting of his mother after her death. He said the paintings by Badal presented nature and life in a lively manner.On the occasion, the CM presented Badal Sahitya Samman to Shiv Narayan and Badal Kala Sadhna Samman to Amaresh. Among others who spoke on the occasion included former MLC Ram Vachan Rai, writer Kunal Kumar, principal secretary of art, culture and youth affairs department, Anjani Kumar Singh, and the department's director, Vinay Sagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856844", "title": "SC summons law secretary in Mesco Steel case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking exception to the non-appearance of the concerned counsel on behalf of the state government, the Supreme Court on Thursday ordered the state law secretary to personally appear before it on July 31 in connection with a case pertaining to Mesco Steel Limited.The apex court asked the state law secretary to personally appear and submit an affidavit stating the steps the Odisha government has taken for defending the matter, said sources.A two-judge bench, comprising Justice T S Thakur and Justice Gyan Sudha Misra, summoned Suresh Chandra Tripathy, who used to handle the case, but the latter said he is no longer in the state's panel of lawyers. \"Be that as it may, we find that with the change of the counsel, the state has not made any substitute arrangement despite sufficient opportunity to do so,\" the court observed, adding, \"We were at one stage inclined to dismiss this petition for non-prosecution, but keeping in view the fact that the dismissal would delay the matter further or cause prejudice to public interest, we decided against doing so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14857198", "title": "2 cops booked for death due to negligence", "text": "RAJKOT: The death of a person following a raid on gambling den on Wednesday has come to haunt policemen.On Thursday, a case of death by negligence was registered against sub-inspector Vaghela Amdavadi, constable Raydhan Dangar of Bhaktinagar police station.Dilavar Herja died after jumping into river Khokhardad fearing arrest after the raid on the gambling den in Jangleshwar. Dilavar had fled from the spot along with two others.The three had tried to escape by jumping into the river. While the other two swam to safety, Dilavar drowned.His body was retrieved by the fire brigade personnel later.Dilavar's family members alleged that the police did not try to save him while he was drowning. Deceased's brother Rafiq lodged a complaint against police on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861803", "title": "DJ Raj presents Jago", "text": "Dj Raj instigates the next chapter in his career with his brand new single titled 'Jago' featuring Bakshi Billa &amp; Sarbjit Kaur.Having signed to VIP Records earlier this year, Dj Raj set his sights on releasing an album incorporating some of the finest and most sought after vocal talents in the industry. Having to date received endless plaudits for his versatility on the decks, Raj aims to transfer this quality to his music production and what better way to start than with a traditional 'Jago' track; fitting for one of the youngest professional wedding Dj's in the UK.'The Debut' is set to feature the vocal talents of Bakshi Billa, Sarbjit Kaur, Sudesh Kumari, Manjit Sohi, Bill Singh, Pritam, Nirmal Sidhu, The Late Kaka Bhainiawala and more.'Jago' complements the raw yet clean cut vocals of Bakshi Billa and the female folk sensation Sarbjit Kaur. 'Jago' is releasing on the 5th of July to introduce the Pre-wedding dance floor hit with a full video to follow shortly.'The Debut', the forthcoming album from Dj Raj is releasing this year on VIP Records.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14857782", "title": "Youth killed in Bokaro, two arrested", "text": "BOKARO: A 25-year-old youth was murdered allegedly by four students at Sector-III/B shopping center here. The deceased, Indra Bahadur Singh alias Guddu, was son of one Rajeshwar Singh, a resident of Sector-III/B. City DSP Anil Shankar said police detained two students in this regard and are interrogating them at present.The incident occurred around 9.30pm on Wednesday when Indra Bahadur was called by a youth who took him to a nearby shop where three students attacked him with sticks and punches. They thrashed him badly until the victim's elder brother Vijay Bahadur Singh reached the spot along with his friends and stopped them. Seeing his brother, the youths fled the spot.Later Indra Bahadur, who was hurt badly on his head, was rushed to Bokaro General Hospital where doctors declared him dead. tnnShankar said, based on the information provided by Vijay Bahadur, police have detained two youths. Police are interrogating them to know what prompted the youths to kill the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856831", "title": "Man jumps before train with son, dies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tragedy struck Bhubaneswar railway station after a man died and his son lost his both legs after coming under the wheels of a goods train late on Wednesday night. The deceased, Puskar Goud and his injured son Karunakar (7), were from Jagannath Prasad area in Ganjam district.Basing on preliminary investigation, railway police said Puskar allegedly committed suicide and also attempted to kill his son. \"The injured was tied to his father's waist in a cloth, indicating that it was a suicide bid. The man died on the spot while his son's legs were amputated,\" inspector of government railway police, Bhubaneswar Smruti Ranjan Kar told TOI. \"We are trying to find out the cause of the suicide. His family members were informed. Some eyewitnesses said the duo was sitting in the waiting hall and later went towards platform no.2 where the tragedy took place around 2.30 am,\" Kar said.A profusely bleeding Karunakar was first rushed to the Capital Hospital, but later shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack. \"His condition is very critical. We will operate upon his legs after his condition improves,\" a SCB doctor said.Sources said the father-son duo reached Bhubaneswar on Wednesday evening. \"We came in a bus from house. Father jumped in front of a train along with me,\" Karunakar told mediapersons after regaining consciousness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856610", "title": "HC rejects MPSEB plea on irrigation colony in Pench", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court on Tuesday dismissed a writ petition filed by the Madhya Pradesh State Electricity Board (MPSEB) seeking to quash an order to shift the irrigation colony in the Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR).Justices Vasanti Naik and AB Choudhari dismissed the writ petition filed by MPSEB for setting aside or modify observation of the judgement passed on April 22, 2002 in an earlier petition filed in 2001 against no action for shifting of colony be taken. The colony is situated over 15 hectares.Earlier, MPSEB had filed the petition to continue occupying the area notified as reserved forest under Indian Forest Act read with Wildlife Protection Act. In 2003, Justice J N Patel and Justice P S Brahme at the high court had held that the petitioners have no right to remain in the reserved forest area.Of the 101 quarters inside Pench, a few are occupied by MPSEB staff and water resources department (WRD) for maintenance work on the Pench Hydroelectric Power Project. The court had ordered all occupants to vacate the reserved forest land and enter only for purposes of maintenance.The petitioners had also filed special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court. But, after a few hearings, they withdrew it.On April 22, 2009 Justices Sharad Bobade and FM Reis had also observed that the order does not make any exception for any category of persons and all of them have been directed to vacate the reserved forest land. They issued show cause notices to the superintending engineer, Pench project and chief engineer of MPSEB why action for breach of judgement of April 22, 2002 should not be initiated against them.During the contempt proceedings, MP Badar, special counsel for the forest department, submitted that the present writ petition is liable to be dismissed. Ashutosh Dharmadhikari appeared for MPSEB and Badar appeared for the forest department.There is an interstate agreement between Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra on the Pench Hydroelectric Power Project that water will be shared by the state and power by MP. Hence, the expenses to shift both the colonies have to be borne by the WRD.The WRD is ready to give 0.81 hectare land to develop 79 quarters for MPSEB staff. Of this area, 0.40 hectare is vacant while rest is occupied by old buildings of the department, which are required to be dismantled. The too had agreed that the land offered is sufficient for 79 quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858513", "title": "Science park to be ready by mid August", "text": "COIMBATORE: The much awaited Regional Science Park will be opened for the public by mid August, announced P Iyamperumal, executive director of Tamil Nadu Council for Science and Technology. The Rs 8.5 crore park is coming up across 6.71 acres of land near Codissia Trade Fair Complex on Avinashi Road. The National Council of Science Museum and Tamil Nadu Science and Technology Centre are implementing the park, which is being established on a cost sharing basis by the state and centre. The park was scheduled earlier for inauguration in May.Speaking to ToI, Iyamperumal said there were some unseen hindrances in the construction work and they delayed the inauguration. \"Though delayed a little, the works are now progressing at fast pace and it would be opened by August middle,'' he said. According to him, the park will have a textile gallery to expose children to textile technology. The forest department will plant saplings of various species in the park to give it green cover. More than 200 varieties of saplings have already been planted.A giant size globe measuring 3m in diameter has been set up using anamorphic drawing to help children see the image of Sir CV Raman from a distance.The 5000 sq ft textile gallery will have exhibits relating to the textile industry's evolution from conventional models to modern technology. The Fun Science Gallery on 5,000 sq ft will have exhibits to impart knowledge on basic science. The exhibits will explain the basic principles of science to children. Swings have also been installed across the premises.The gallery will display construction models of common consumer items like TVs, fridges and air conditioners to enable children to understand the principles behind their functioning.A 3D theatre on the campus will accommodate 70 persons and would help children learn through the infotainment module. Using Polaroid glass they would be taught about cloning and stem cells. The theatre will also be used for conducting lectures on science. The park is designed to allow children to participate in the learning process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857224", "title": "Hope for Mumbai as lake levels rising", "text": "MUMBAI: After a bad start to the monsoon, here is hope. Water levels in all six lakes have shown signs of improvement, say BMC officials.\"Rainfall in the catchment areas has been quite good. The soil has become saturated. Water will now collect in the dams. In the past week, lake levels have also risen. All these are positive signs, but we will wait till July 15 to issue an official statement,\" said a senior hydraulic engineer. \"The metrological department has predicted heavy rains in the catchment areas for the next few days. This will certainly help boost lake levels.Besides, there has been minimal water loss in the last seven days. So, the situation is quite manageable.\"As of July 12, the city had a stock of 163,325 mld of useable water as compared to 134,205 mld in 2010 on the same day. Still, the level of Upper Vaitarna, Mumbai's largest lake, is 594.95 metres, which is below the minimum required level of 595.44 metres.This is not the first monsoon in recent years that the city has been dealing with water cuts. The BMC imposed them in 2009 and 2010 as well. The good news this year is that lake levels are comparatively higher than before. For example, the water level of Modak Sagar was 149 metres in 2009 and 2010 (as of July 12), while it is 156.23 metres this year.Water cut on July 17There will be a 24-hour water cut in parts of the K-east and K-west wards on July 17 because of major repairs in the 1,200-mm Veravali inlet near Aarey Colony, Goregaon (East). Some of the areas to be affected include Azgaonkar Plot, Subhash Nagar, Hari Nagar, Shankar Wadi, Ambe Wadi, Old Nagardas Road, Beharam Baug, Vikas Nagar, Kranti Nagar, Shakti Nagar, Yadav Nagar and Bandivali Hill. These areas are in Andheri and Malad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858186", "title": "Power shocker in store for rural unmetered consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a surprise move, the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited has approached the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission with an amended proposal to impose per kilowatt user charge for unmetered power users in rural areas. The rural users were otherwise imposed a flat user charge of Rs 125 per month irrespective of the sanctioned load.Not surprisingly, the amended proposal will burden the rural consumers, especially those who have a sanctioned load of more than 1 Kw. Those with 2Kw and 3 Kw sanctioned load will therefore have to pay double and triple respectively of what they have been paying till now.Chief engineer, regulatory affairs unit of UPPCL, AA Khan, in a communique sent to the commission on July 11 said that the proposed tariff structure (Rs 125 per month) for unmetered rural consumers may be replaced with Rs 125 per Kw per month. Likewise the rural commercial users will have to be pay at the rate of Rs 200 per Kw per month, Khan said.The move has snow balled into a controversy given the public notice, which the corporation issued on July 8 in which it mentioned that power tariff for the rural domestic and rural commercial categories as Rs 125 and Rs 200 per consumer. It, in fact, invited objections and suggestions from people.It remains to be seen as to how the corporation copes up with this fresh proposal which, notably, has already invited the ire of the commission.UPERC secretary, AK Srivastava in a notice issued on Thursday expressed commission's surprise given the fact that the corporation already got the tariff proposal published in newspapers and invited comments and suggestions from public. \"As such we are surprised to note that you have now suggested certain changes in the tariff schedule,\" Srivastava said. The commission has also sought to know the basis of changes and the relevant authority who approved such changes.Power consumer association, UP Rajya Upbhogta Parishad, was quick to pounce on the corporation terming it \"anti-farmer\" and \"anti-poor\". Parishad president, AK Verma said, \"The commission should take action against such officials who after a public notice on proposed tariff got released and published, recommended changes in the proposal.The UPPCL in its annual revenue receipt, filed with the UPERC had suggested enhancement in the power tariff for power consumers of the commercial category. The domestic consumers were, however, kept away from the proposed hike. The move, UPPCL sources said, has been driven by the poor revenue situation of the utility with the overall debt situation touching a figure of over Rs 20,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857532", "title": "Calcutta University teacher accused of molestation", "text": "KOLKATA: A student of Ballygunge Science College has alleged that a teacher had called her over to his home on the pretext of giving her notes and then molested her. The student has sent a letter to governor M K Narayanan, stating the incident. Narayanan has forwarded it to Calcutta University VC Suranjan Das and asked him to look into the matter. \"The matter is being investigated,\" Das said.When contacted, the accused teacher said, \"I came to know about the complaint only a few days back. There were posters pasted on the campus. This is a baseless accusation and I am being framed.\"The teacher, who has been teaching at Ballygunge Science College for the past 10 years, said, \"Many students come to my home. I have not taken any advantage of her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857968", "title": "Probe intensifies in surrogate mother rape case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Investigations into the surrogate woman's complaint of rape has got the city crime branch probing \"all angles\". While the cops wait for the medical report of the victim, they have started probing into the backgrounds of the accused Rajkumar Jadav, a resident of Nadiad and the victim, who stays in Ahmedabad.\"This is a very rare case. One of the first where a surrogate mother has registered a complaint of rape against a man whose daughter she gave birth to recently. We are taking no chances and will let the evidences do the talking. There is several unexplained factors in this case which we hope to resolve during course of investigation,\" said officials of the Mahila police station who are investigating the case.One of the issues that have drawn the cops' attention is the gap of 10 months between the birth of Rajkumar's girl child in October, 2011 and the complaint filed against him recently. \"Initially, the trouble between the victim and Rajkumar was financial. The victim claims that Rajkumar had promised to pay her Rs 2 lakh for the surrogacy but he never kept his promise after the initial payment of Rs 40,000. But, the woman had not registered any breach of trust complaint against Rajkumar,\" said police sources.\"Usually, in such cases the fee is always paid before the baby is handed over to the parents. But, here money had not changed hands even after the woman handed over the baby to Rajkumar,\" said police investigators. \"To get to the bottom of this case, we may have to investigate into the parentage of the child. During the next two days, the victim will be inspected at Civil Hospital, to verify her claim,\" said officials of the Mahila police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14856546", "title": "East Delhi corporation eyes ATM rent", "text": "NEW DELHI: The East Delhi Municipal Corporation has come up with an innovative way to raise revenues. It will now rent out its buildings and premises for installation of ATM machines of banks and payment kiosks.Around 90 buildings have been identified and will soon be rented out. \"The corporation has a number of buildings and premises which are strategically located in residential/institutional/commercial areas. Many of these premises are suitable for installation of ATM machines by various recognized banks and payment kiosks by other agencies on paying monthly rent. This will not only augment the revenue of the corporation but will also provide the much-needed facility of ATMs to the residents of east Delhi,\" said SS Yadav, commissioner, East Corporation.The proposal was cleared in the standing committee meeting on Thursday. Councillors say the corporation's poor financial condition is making it difficult to take up development work. \"Already the corporation doesn't have enough cash in its coffers and in such a position no development project can be taken up,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman, standing committee. \"The banks/agencies will be selected through an open and transparent bidding process,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856500", "title": "NGOs, international charity houses give deluge aid", "text": "GUWAHATI: Humanitarian gestures in the form of funds are pouring into the state that lies ravaged by the worst flood of the decade.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced a Rs 500 crore ad hoc flood assistance after surveying the flood situation in the state on July 2. Apart from that, several government organizations, NGOs and international charity house Oxfam India has extended help to the government and the people of flood-hit Assam.State Bank of India (SBI) donated Rs 2 crore to the chief minister's relief fund. SBI chief general manager, northeast circle, Rajnish Kumar donated the fund to chief minister Tarun Gogoi while Oil India Limited (OIL) contributed Rs 70 lakh to the chief minister's relief fund. OIL chairman-cum-managing director Sunil Kumar Srivastava handed over the cheque to Gogoi.Chairman and managing director of United Bank of India, Bhaskar Sen also donated Rs 10 lakh on behalf of the bank to the chief minister's relief fund in a meeting with chief secretary NK Das here on Thursday.State-owned IT service provider AMTRON too contributed Rs 1.11 lakh, while Numaligarh Refinery Limited's managing director S Chakravarty handed over a cheque of Rs 20 lakh to Gogoi on behalf of the company. Assam Diploma Engineers Service Association also contributed Rs 2 lakh to the chief minister's relief fund.Tea major, McLeod Russel India Limited also donated Rs 20 lakh to the chief minister's relief fund on Thursday in addition to another Rs 20 lakh which the company had contributed to the same fund in May.The Ajmal Foundation, a public charitable trust set up in 2005 in Hojai, joined hands with the state government by donating Rs 5 lakh. The cheque was handed over to the chief minister by the joint managing trustee and AIUDF MP Badruddin Ajmal.The Oxfam India assessment team visited the flood-affected areas from July 3 to July 6 in Morigaon and Sonitpur district. \"Following a rapid assessment of some of the flood-affected villages in Morigaon, Sonitpur and Nagaon districts, Oxfam India decided to extend help by providing sanitation, public health facilities, emergency food security and shelter support,\" chief executive officer of Oxfam India, Nisha Agrawal said.The North Eastern Development Finance Corporation Ltd (NEDFi) in association with local NGOs set up relief camps in flood-hit areas in Nalbari district and distributed relief materials contributed by family members of NEDFi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857503", "title": "FIR lodged for torturing domestic help", "text": "RANCHI: An FIR was filed against a banker and his wife who are residents of Delhi for allegedly torturing a minor tribal girl during her stay at their house as a domestic help. The FIR was lodged with Lalpur police station by the girl's mother Gemini Khakho.The 13-year-old was sent from Ranchi to Delhi by the in-laws of the accused to work at their daughter's place. Gemini said, \"I was not informed about it.\"However, the in-laws of the accused refuted the charge saying the girl's mother knew about her being sent to Delhi and had agreed to it.The girl, a resident of Lalgunj came back to Ranchi from Delhi with burn injuries and when Sister Nivedita, a local NGO coordinator, saw her condition she took her to Women's Helpline. Nivedita said, \"The girl came back in March and we took her to women's helpline immediately but as they were delaying the case I brought her to Childline.\"After the case reached Childline, another NGO, Diya Seva Sansthan, intervened and took the girl to IG, CID, Anurag Gupta. Baijnath, a member of Diya Seva Sansthan said, \"We realized that the girl would not get justice unless we directly approach the administration. So we took her to the IG.\"Gupta said, \"I received this case of atrocity causing hurt to a minor girl. We have recorded the girl's statement and referred her to Lalpur police station for filing an FIR. The girl will also be sent for medical check-up.\" tnnThe case has been lodged under the Juvenile Justice Act 2000, Bonded Labour Act and SC/ST Act. Officer in charge of Lalpur police station Venkatesh said investigation was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857089", "title": "Pigeon feeders blocked by golden gate", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Thursday dismissed a public interest litigation which sought permission for bird lovers to continue feeding pigeons inside the Golden Jubilee Gate of the high court.\"I go for a walk every day, I see them being fed,\" observed Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen heading a division bench.The bench observed: \"The persons who want to feed pigeons are now able to do so within 50 metres of the Golden Jubilee Gate of the high court inside Cubbon Park. They can feed pigeons at two other places within Cubbon Park. The Golden Jubilee Gate has been closed for security reasons and parking is not allowed on this side of the court. We find no merit in this petition.\"The PIL was filed by Bangalorean BN Lokesh who claimed he'd been feeding pigeons every day on the court premises for many years. He challenged the ban imposed in February and sought a direction allowing the old practice.The petitioner, who argued his case in Hindi, claimed he and others wanted to continue feeding pigeons there as it is a 'nyay ka mandir'.The authorities imposed the ban after noticing that rodents, rooting around for foodgrain left for pigeons, were entering court buildings and damaging records apart from attracting snakes which triggered panic among employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14857816", "title": "Seven hurt in Sindri car-auto collision", "text": "SINDRI: At least seven persons were injured, one of them seriously, when a speeding car collided with an auto that was coming from the opposite direction near Gaushala on Sindri-Dhanbad main road, about 4 km from here, on Thursday.According to Rajdeo Sharma, the officer in charge of Gaushala outpost, the driver of the car bearing registration number WB02D-1949 coming from Dhanbad lost control over the vehicle while trying to overtake another vehicle and dashed against the auto (JH10AE-7968) going to Dhanbad from Sindri. The auto turned turtle and seven passengers travelling in the vehicle were injured.The injured persons have been identified as Geeta Devi (60), Narma Devi (30), auto driver Bunty Singh and its owner Ranjan Sharma. Simaran Kaur and Lakshmi, the two students who were returning after taking admission in Sindri College along with their father Amarjeet Singh, also suffered minor injuries in the incident. All of them were brought to Gaushala public health centre for treatment.According to the attending doctor, Geeta Devi who suffered head injury in the incident was immediately referred to PMCH Dhanbad for specialized treatment. Others were released after first aid. Auto driver Bunty Singh has been referred to orthopedic surgeon as the doctor suspected some fracture injury in his leg.Umesh Rai, the driver of the car, has been arrested on charges of rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861557", "title": "OKOK audio launched in style", "text": "The audio release of Udhayanidhi Stalin, Hansika-starrer OKOK (Oru Kal Oru Kannadi) has been launched in a grand way yesterday (July 12) in Novotel, Hyderabad. OKOK, which was released in April this year, was a big hit in Tamil and now the film is being dubbed into Telugu by Bellamkonda Suresh.The film was written and directed by M. Rajesh. It stars producer Udhayanidhi Stalin, in his acting debut, Hansika Motwani and Santhanam, whilst featuring Harris Jayaraj's music and Balasubramaniem's cinematography. Bellamkonda Suresh is now planning for a wide release of this film.Naga Chaitanya, Siddharth, Hansika, Harris Jayaraj , Sunil, Nandini Reddy, Maruthi, V V Vinayak, Udhayanidhi Stalin etc. graced the audio launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858164", "title": "NEW appeals to Pranab, Sangma to voluntarily declare their financial, educational backgrounds", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Election Watch (NEW) and Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) has appealed to presidential candidates Pranab Mukherjee and PA Sangma to voluntary disclose their education, assets, criminal cases, if any, and other background details as it is done in other elections. While Mukherjee is candidate of the Congress led UPA government, Sangma is contesting as independent but has been backed by the BJP and some of its allies. It is mandatory for the candidates in MP, MLA, MLC and local bodies elections to file an affidavit disclosing education, financial and criminal cases. The provision was introduced in 2003 on the direction of the Supreme Court. However, presidential elections are not covered by the provision. The two bodies have asked Mukherjee and Sangma to do it voluntarily to set a precedent.The NEW and ADR are citizen led, non-political, non-partisan, non-governmental organizations working on electoral reforms, improving democracy and governance in India for the last several years.The two bodies, which represents over 1200 civil society groups, have written to Mukherjee and Sangma \"The office of the President is one of the most important positions in our country. It is only imperative that the Presidential candidate discloses his/her criminal, financial, educational and other background details as currently being done by all MPs, MLAs, MLCs, Councillors, local body contestants and everybody who contests these elections. Voluntary disclosure based on Supreme Court's guidelines will set a good example of transparency for other elected representatives to follow. We wish you all the best and look forward for your support in improving transparency and governance in the country\".The NEW and ADR had on June 19, written to the Election Commission (EC) of India requesting it to make it mandatory for the candidates contesting for the offices of President and Vice-President to provide background information on criminal records, assets, liabilities, education etc. on an affidavit at the time of filing nomination.In 2003 Supreme court had directed that all candidates contesting parliament or legislative assembly elections will have to provide all information about them to the EC on an affidavit. Since then, the EC has been following the order in parliamentary and state assembly and council elections. Most of State Election Commissions (SECs) have also implemented it in the elections to local bodies (panchayats and municipal elections). However, there is no such declaration in force for presidential elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858751", "title": "\u2018Develop Rajasthan into year-round tourist destination\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: With the aim of making Rajasthan a \"year-round tourist destination\", the Tourist Guides Federation of India (TGFI) would be organizing an annual national convention of the tourist guides in Jaipur this weekend.The TGFI has come up with the idea of changing the concept of \"off season\" to \"promotion season\" for the months when the tourists' inflow in Rajasthan goes down. \"This will be a new concept that would help in harnessing the state's hidden potential of the tourism industry,\" said Mahavir Singh Nathawat, TGFI's chief patron. \"This is the first time in past 15 years that the federation would be organising its annual convention in the state,\" said Narendra Singh Rathore, TGFI's general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858773", "title": "International flights to operate from Terminal II from July 16", "text": "JAIPUR: Terminal 2 of Jaipur airport will now utilise its facilities to operate international flights from July 16. Built in 2008, the terminal was so long handling domestic flights. Authorities of Airports Authority of India, Jaipur have started preparations to operate international flights including - Jaipur-Muscat, Jaipur-Sharjah and Jaipur-Dubai from the terminal 2 from Monday.\"The basic idea behind having a terminal 2 equipped with international facilities was to make Jaipur an international airport. This is a good sign and the ball has been set to roll for other international flights too,\" said an officer with AAI, Jaipur on Thursday.Paul Mainckam, director, AAI, Jaipur said work of local area network (LAN) is over to facilitate the immigration work. \"The Customs, security, air traffic control and other departments are geared up for the process,\" he added. Sources added that terminal 2 has facilities, including mobile prepaid communication centre, restaurant, internet facility, sweet and book shops and other branded outlets which were not available at the Sanganer airport for the international travellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858265", "title": "Tech-savvy brothers turn app-making prodigies", "text": "CHENNAI: Most children their age can operate several mobile phone applications, but brothers Sanjay, 10, and Shravan, 12, have actually designed four. Two of the apps of their company, 'Go Dimensions' have already crossed the 5,000-download mark and are largely downloaded by Apple users in the US and China.The whizkids, who say their inspiration is Apple founder Steve Jobs followed by their parents Kumaran and Jyothilakshmi, spend at least two hours daily on their 'inventions' using Apple's iOS App Kit after finishing their home work. The siblings told the media on Thursday they would soon come out with an application creating awareness about the increasing pollution in Chennai. \"The app we are planning for Apple and Android platforms will be based on location-based media. It will bring you the pollution status of the city at your finger tips,\" says Sanjay.While 'Catch Me Cop' registered more than 2,500 downloads, Alphabet Board, designed for the iPhone and iPad, teaches the alphabet through interesting games. While a majority of the consumers of the apps are from the US, China, Taiwan and India also account for a large number of downloads.Class 8 student Shravan said another of their apps, Prayer Planet, helps play Hindu, Christian, Muslim and Budhist religious songs and \"is mainly for those who travel a lot.\" Shravan, the more shy of the two, says they decided to set aside 15% of the company's total profit for the poor.\"At present, all our products are free. We get revenue from the advertisements put on the application pages. We will soon plan more localized apps for Indian customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14859248", "title": "Unplanned and asymmetric - Geeta Bhavan crossing", "text": "INDORE: Roads that facilitate free unhindered movement of traffic turn into a hindrance if they are wrongly designed or are asymmetrical as in the case of Geeta Bhavan crossing. This crossing is a perfect example of bad planning and execution.This crossing has five roads from different directions, intersecting it. Of these four roads have reasonable width and are two ways while the remaining one is asymmetric- wide on one side and narrow on the other. This leads to traffic congestion and increases the risk of accidents.\"The road is very narrow on one side while other side it is divided into two directions. Traffic coming from different directions are never able to follow the traffic rule properly and move on the wrong side causing accidents. People coming from Madhumilan colony have to always drive along the wrong side,\" said Praful Joshi of Save Life Cycle.Apart from the design flaw the roads are dug up at this crossing for the last two years, he said adding that all accidents on this crossing has been due to wrong side driving. Accidents are due to head on collision between vehicles coming from different directions, said Joshi.Since January this year two students have died and two others sustained serious injuries after being hit by school buses. \"Road at this crossing is very asymmetric,\" he said.About 3 lakh vehicles pass through the crossing daily, most of them being tourist vehicles and school buses.The signal lights that are mostly non-functional add to the problem at this crossing. Shivkumar Sharma, a bank employee said, \"Most of the time traffic signals are not working at this crossing and traffic cops are also missing. The crossing has five roads connecting different parts of the city direction and there is no proper demarcation of road to guide the commuters. So most of the time people jump traffic signals which causes jams and delays. Roads that were fixed recently are in a bad shape.A huge trench is dug up along the crossing which is there for last two years. The construction site has not been covered with the tin sheets and just a few barricades are placed to cover the trench. While passing from AB Road to Navratanbag, one come across a concrete slab constructed above the road level and it hinders traffic movement. Besides,Tata magic vehicles parked on the crossing force commuters to take the wrong side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858939", "title": "Visva-Bharati promises course correction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely two days after forwarding the fact-finding report on a hostel warden meting out corporal punishment to a 10-year-student, the Visva-Bharati on Thursday apologized to the victim, who was forced to drink her urine by the warden. The university has also appealed to the student to return to school.A statement issued by Visva-Bharati registrar said, \"The university unequivocally regrets the traumatic experience of a Patha Bhavan student Puneeta Singh at the hands of the warden Uma Poddar (of Karabi hostel).\"It said that Visva-Bharati has allowed Puneeta to be a day scholar as an exceptional case. In an appeal to the victim's parents and all other parents, the varsity said, \"The university assures the parents of Puneeta Singh (and all other parents of Patha Bhavan children) that such instances will not recur. Visva-Bharati requests Puneeta's parents to send her back to Patha Bhavan.\"The institution has decided to overhaul the entire warden-matron system prevailing in its school hostels for years and seek ways on how to improve the situation, befitting the stature of a Central university of such repute. \"The university is committed to holistic and humanized education, in the highest of traditions set by its founder Gurudev Tagore, and make its schools centres of excellence in the contemporary world,\" the official statement said.Earlier, in the interim report submitted to the HRD ministry, Visva-Bharati had said that the warden told the inquiry team that the girl's mother had sought her help to \"treat\" the victim's wetting of bed at night. The report also mentioned that the girl had started crying before licking the urine, and did not actually lick it.But Puneeta's mother has denied that she ever asked Poddar to \"cure\" her daughter and had never gave her consent for such harsh measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "14859325", "title": "Bajaj keeps Urdu alive in Sahir\u2019s land", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: It's impossible to have a conversation with 82-year-old Prem Singh Bajaj without at least a couple of Urdu sentences trickling in between. It is clear that the Model Town Extension resident is fluent in Urdu, the language in which the city's famous poet, Sahir Ludhianvi, once wrote. But Bajaj's fondness for Urdu does not stop at that; he also loves to share the richness of the language. So, instead of sitting home and enjoy his retirement days, Bajaj has been teaching Urdu for the last 16 years at Punjabi Bhawan.Now, he is excited because he sees a growing number of people getting interested in the language. \"Usually we have only between 10 and 20 applications for the Urdu course but this year we received 45 applications out of which 40 students have been pursuing the course continuously. Most of my students are retired government employees or advocates,\" he said, adding that they are all zealous to learn.About his own love for Urdu, Bajaj said it is a childhood affair. \"In 1947 I did matriculation in Urdu medium. After post-graduation in 1954 and I did a diploma in classical Persian that helped groom my language skills. Then I used to spend hours reading Urdu literature. After retirement, I began working as director of library reference of Punjabi Sahit Akademi in Ludhiana. The language department had been running this course but did not have a teacher. When they came to know my skill they approached me to start teaching,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14857504", "title": "Nitin Kannamwar keeps tricolour flying high at Wimbledon", "text": "PANAJI: As Serena Williams jumped in joy after receiving the winner's plate, there was one Indian on court, who had a smile and applauded the American's effort of winning her fifth Wimbledon title. Mumbai's Nitin Kannamwar, Asia's leading official, was right there in the thick of action including the women's final, soaking up the atmosphere of the most prestigious event during the gruelling two weeks of umpiring in London .For the 48-year-old Kannamwar, this was his 16th Wimbledon having started his affair with the mother of all Grand Slams way back in 1994, an era when Cyclops (the beep system was used to detect serves that went out) ruled the green lawns.If one takes a look at India's presence at Wimbledon, officials outnumbered the players. This year as many as eight officials did duty at SW19. Bronze badge umpires led by Kannamwar and Abhishek Mukherjee and white badge umpires Sreeram Gokhale, Sagar Kashyap, Saikat Roy, Somnath Manna, Saibal Banerjee, Leena Nageskar were in action during the tournament.As usual, Kannamwar was asked to do the lines job in the women's singles final. As per Wimbledon tradition, line umpires are assigned for only one major final each year. That ruled Kannamwar out of the men's singles final. But Kannamwar has seen the best of Roger Federer during his peak in 2007.The tall Mumbaite, who spreads the awareness of officiating in India, has also seen the best of tennis legends including Pete Sampras , Steffi Graf , Andre Agassi , Goran Ivanisevic , Pat Rafter , Rafael Nadal and Federer.In the last few years, Wimbledon has also seen gradual changes. \"We have a roof on centre court, the Hawk-Eye system has come in. Hawk-Eyes are in-stalled on four courts so few additional officials are there. Also, there's a new dress code, but for us the challenge remains the same,\" said Kannamwar, who returned to Mumbai on Tuesday.Speaking about being selected for his ninth final in 16 years, Nitin said, \"There is an evaluating system. After regular officiating, I received L-1 (level-1) and L-2 (level-2) grades. So to do a Grand Slam final, one needs that to be in that level. In future I see more Indians getting to that level.\"With officials outnumbering players at Wimbledon, Kannamwar, who developed the umpiring crop, said, \"Our officials are at an advantage as their English too is good. We can communicate while umpires from China, Japan and other Asian countries struggle. Another reason why our umpires are selected is hosting of the Commonwealth Games . We did a fantastic job and officials of the International Tennis Federation (ITF) were very happy.\"Kannamwar has done all the Grand Slams, three Olympics and now is ITF Officiating Regional Officer for Asia -- the highest post for officiating. He assigns officials tournaments, keeps track of umpires' performance, spots potential white badge umpires, guides and moulds them. He also has a role to play in Youth Olympics selections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861260", "title": "Will Katz get in long term commitment soon?", "text": "On the eve of her birthday, numerologist predicts that Katrina Kaif might bump in to someone 'interesting' in the 29th year of life.The gorgeous Katrina Kaif will bring in her 28th birthday on July 16. Astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what's in store for the ever-charming actress on the eve of her birthday.\"Katrina was born on the 16th July, 1984 which makes her a Number 7 (Ketu) person in numerology. Being ruled by Number 7, she is also ruled by Number 2 (Moon) as these two numbers always go hand in hand. She is a Cancerian (ruler Moon and Neptune - Numbers 2 and 7 again) and her destiny number adds up to Number 9 ( Mars )\", explains Bhavikk.\"Katrina will be now will be entering the 29th year of life which indicates a fantastic phase for her - both personally as well as professionally. On the film front, both her releases - ' Ek Tha Tiger ' and Yash Chopra's untitled next will be blockbuster hits\", predicts Bhavikk. \"On the personal front too, she will finally bump in to someone 'interesting' enough and can actually think of a long term commitment\".\"I would advise her to wear an Emerald and a Pearl set in silver to bring in mental peace and stop unnecessary delays in his life (whatsoever)\", advices Bhavikk before signing off on a positive note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14857197", "title": "Noida farmers to soon get revised compensation", "text": "NOIDA: In yet another step to pacify farmers who have been threatening to restart their agitation, the Noida Authority has announced that a sum of Rs 350 crore will be released immediately to be disbursed to those who are yet to receive enhanced compensation.The Authority has also allocated Rs 170 crore for development of 54 villages in Noida. Both decisions were approved in the board meeting of the Authority on Monday.The disbursement process will begin from next week. The Authority will also float tenders for development work in the villages by the end of this month.According to Authority officials, budget allocation has been made in tune with promises made to the Noida villagers by the then Authority CEO as part of their July 30, 2011 agreement wherein the villagers had agreed to put off all agitations in return for rehabilitation and development benefits.Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, said enhanced compensation cheques worth Rs 300 crore in 16 of the 54 villages have already been given. An exercise will soon begin to assess the population of each village, its civic conditions, facilities required, etc and soon after development work will start.The Authority will also begin work on laying new sewer networks in all villages, the roads will be concretized, regular drinking water will be supplied and each village will soon get its own community centre and primary school. Meanwhile, the farmers' body Kisan Sangharsh Samiti met with the deputy CEO of Noida Authority, Vijay Kumar Yadav, to request him to expedite the process of resolving their abadi disputes. As per the July 30, 2011 agreement, the Authority was to resolve all abadi disputes by October last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858237", "title": "Son's illness sees CM skip first day", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday skipped the first day of the assembly session as his eldest son, Utpal, suffered a suspected brain stroke and had to be rushed to a Mumbai hospital for treatment.Speaker Rajendra Arlekar said that due to unavoidable circumstances, the chief minster could not attend the assembly session, hence the question in the name of the chief minister has been postponed for Monday's session.Sources close to Parrikar said that as soon as Utpal felt uneasiness, he was immediately shifted to the Goa medical college and hospital (GMC), Bambolim, in the wee hours of Thursday morning and was admitted in the casualty ward.Sources also said that after Utpal was given first aid at the GMC, he was shifted to the Mumbai-based hospital for treatment.Sources said that Parrikar's son has been kept under observation and his condition was stable. \"He (Utpal) has now started walking,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858183", "title": "Azam asks officials to remove structures made over drains", "text": "LUCKNOW: Urban development minister Azam Khan on Thursday asked the municipal authorities to remove the structures constructed over drains in a bid to ensure a proper drainage system.Khan, who went on an inspection of the state capital, said that strict action would be taken against encroachers who construct concrete structures on the drains blocking the flow of storm water. His inspection comes almost five days after vast areas of the state capital got waterlogged, apparently because of a faulty drainage system. The incident had attained serious dimensions as waterlogging threw life completely out of gear. An executive engineer associated with the JNNURM project was suspended and an enquiry was initiated against a former chief engineer of Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC).Khan also visited the Old City area where SP-supported corporator, Anurag Pandey had created ruckus over deployment of safai-karamcharis. Khan also visited the spot after people complained that the corporator was occupying a shop that allegedly encroached on the road. The minister asked the municipal officials to see that the shop is bull-dozed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857791", "title": "Soon, integrated BS, MS courses at University of Pune campus", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has decided to introduce post-std XII integrated degree and postgraduate courses in science and arts streams from the academic year (AY) 2013-14.The UoP management council, which is the top decision-making body in the university, passed a resolution to this effect at its meeting earlier this week, for introducing these courses on the varsity campus.UoP vice-chancellor Wasudev Gade told TOI on Thursday, \"The move forms part of the university's initiatives under the 12th Five Year Plan of the University Grants Commission (UGC). We are sending a proposal for these new courses to the UGC.\"Gade said, \"The post-std XII degree course in science will be known as Bachelor of Science (BS) integrated and it will be of four-year duration. The first three years will be for science studies and the fourth year for projects. It will also have inter-disciplinary elements.\"He added: \"The post-std XII postgraduate course in science will be known as Master of Science (MS) integrated and it will be of five-year duration,\" he said.The first three years of this course will involve both physical and biological science studies while the last two years will involve specialisation in different branches of science.\"The courses for arts (BA/MA integrated) will also operate along the similar lines and will also involve inter-disciplinary elements. The new courses will be offered through the faculty of science and arts respectively,\" Gade said.The varsity's plan assumes significance considering that the UoP campus has, so far, remained confined to departments and institutions offering only postgraduate studies.Barely any integrated course leading to a postgraduate qualification after std XII is being offered on the campus. The notable exception being the five-year MTech biotechnology integrated course that is offered by the UoP's Institute of Bioinformatics and Biotechnology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14856740", "title": "Forced rural postings for students no solution for doctor deficiency in villages", "text": "WARDHA: Forcing medical graduates into rural services is no solution for the lack of good health care in the villages across the country. The solutions would be to ensure better civic amenities in the rural areas, nurturing a sense of service to the society among students, a provision of incentives for rural postings and rescheduling the post graduate entrance exams, concluded a panel that held a discussion on the topic.The panel discussion was a part of the Medicon 2012, a conference for undergraduate medical students, hosted by Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Sewagram. The panelists included not just eminent doctors and educators but also some of the students.The students first spoke about the reasons why they decline a rural posting. Pragya Shinde of Grant Medical College recalled how the posting during internship had become a picnic time for her seniors, who utilized the time to prepare for their entrance exams. \"Villages in India lack so much that professionals from all sectors should have a compulsory posting in these areas, not just doctors,\" she reasoned.Sutanaya Bhattacharya from North Bengal Medical College pointed out that malnutrition, unsafe drinking water, sanitation are much bigger problems in villages, which if solved will reduce the disease burden in these areas completely. Hrishikesh Nachane from KS Hegde Medical College rued how most interns, going for internships, see their peers already in a secure job and earning well which definitely affects their choice of posting.Medical activist Dr Abhay Bang of SEARCH agreed that social determinants like poverty, hunger and hygiene were big issues in rural India. However, he also pointed out to the youngsters that 79% of doctors in villages are quacks, which is a matter of shame for anybody in the health sector. \"The students have wrong role models to follow with money-worship being the trend. Even in the US, every citizen has a compulsory two-year military service. It is all about giving back to the society,\" he told the students.Physician and human rights activist Dr Binayak Sen pointed out that a fresh graduate is not equipped to treat people the way an experienced doctor is. \"It is wrong to assume that diseases of simple people can be treated by simple doctors,\" he said.\"Such disparities exist even in the developed world. In US, for example, the factor of disparity may be one's income. Yet there is a parallel system of osteopaths who serve the population that may otherwise not be able to go to a doctor,\" said Dr Vinay Kumar, professor of pathology at University of Chicago. He believed that the problem is a complex one and so does not have a simple solution. He also said that a major overhaul was required in the field of medical education.Research professor from Public Health Foundation of India Dr Lalit Dandona told the budding doctors that they could not detach themselves from it. He said, \"It is sad that the system has failed to make youngsters think on these lines. The students themselves do not realize how this exposure can help them.\"Professor of People's College of Medical Sciences Dr Rakesh Biswas told the doctors that pathos was more important than pathology. Medical scientist and vice president of the Moving Academy of Medicine and Biomedicine Dr MG Deo thought the lack of 'good' doctors was an even bigger problem. \"It is sad that the active academic life of young doctors is being sacrificed due to the government's fault,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14859267", "title": "Activist claims Carbide toxic waste is only 250MT", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as Madhya Pradesh government is firming up the proposal to airlift around 350 MT of toxic waste from the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal to Germany, activist Alok Pratap Singh had filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court citing the figure to be inaccurate. According to Singh the actual weight of the toxic waste is about 100 MT less that that claimed by the government.Earlier in 2004, Singh had file a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking scientific disposal of the toxic waste 'dumped' by the then Union Carbide India Limited (UCIL), a subsidiary of multi-national Union Carbide Corporation ( UCC), claiming that it had resulted in contamination of groundwater within and outside the UCIL premises.\"The toxic waste is in some 207 bags and 9 drums, which works out to about 200 MT against the 350 MT claimed bAy the government,\" Singh told TOI. He also pointed out that the toxic waste collection was first commissioned in 1993 for which the contractor was paid Rs 1 per kg for 120 MT. \"Later when Ramky group packed the same waste in 950 kg bags, it was accounted to be 350 MT,\" said Singh.Reacting to Singh's statement, gas relief and rehabilitation commissioner (GRRC) M K Varshney said, \"The waste was weighed by the MP pollution control board and at the moment there is no question of weighing it again.\" While, Bhopal Gas Relief and Rehabilitation principal secretary, Praveer Krishna said, \"The entire process (of airlifting the toxic waste) would be transparent.\"\"My client (Alok Pratap) is concerned that the government never floated any global tender to expedite the disposal of such highly toxic waste lying in huge quantity and how the proposed German company named GIZ came in picture is intriguing,\" said advocate Manish Singh.The union government in its affidavit filed in the High Court of Madhya Pradesh, has themselves stated that the total volume of the toxic chemical waste including the internal layer of soil, has been calculated to be 1.5 million tonnes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858210", "title": "Medico 'uncle' was a bomb case convict", "text": "CHENNAI: N Saravanapavan, probably the longest 'studying' medico, had joined the Madras Medical College while on bail after being convicted in a case of bomb blast that killed more than 30 people at the Chennai airport in 1984. He was later acquitted.A few students of the college remember him as the \"uncle student,\" but many professors don't recollect the face of this 50-year-old occupant of hostel room 104 who is rarely seen on the campus.Those who remember him do so distinctly. A senior professor who had joined service 24 years ago said she cannot forget Saravanapavan for two reasons: one, his unique name, and two, and his guts to bunk class in the first year.\"For several months I marked him absent. Then one day in 1988 I read in the newspapers that he was involved in the airport bomb blast,\" the professor said.On the night of August 2, 1984, a powerful bomb exploded at the international arrival hall of Chennai airport, killing more than 30 people. Police then said a group including Saravanapavan had planned to send bombs packed from Chennai to explode in Colombo. But since the flight was delayed, the blast happened in Chennai. Saravanapavan, who was sent to jail, joined the medical college in 1988 while on bail.When his classmates and lecturers knew he had joined college as a convict, they were shocked. Some of them found his long absence from the campus suspicious. In 1991, he told some teachers that he was quitting medicine due to personal reasons. But he never left the hostel. College records show his guardian was Tamil writer Valampuri John.Until 2010, students were allowed to continue their medical course for unlimited number of years if they managed to clear their first year with three years. But in 2010, the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University said it would discharge students from the course if they do not clear all the papers within nine years of joining (double the duration of the course). That year, Saravanapavan was discharged with more than 20 others.However, Saravanapavan returned to the college armed with court order staying the discharge certificate. He also managed to coax the university to permit him to write the second year examination. \"I don't remember if he passed the exam, but he came to us with a request to withhold the results. He told me his children would laugh at him if he failed,\" said a senior faculty of the medical university. Since, then he has been filing several RTI petitions with the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858670", "title": "Money-laundering case: Raja quizzed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate on Tuesday questioned former telecom minister A Raja in a Prevention of Money Laundering Act case registered against him last year. The agency is probing payoff allegations against the former minister in the 2G spectrum scam and may initiate attachment of properties if charges are proved.The ED is probing allegations of cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery and bribery against Raja for irregularities in allocating 2G spectrum licences in 2008 when he was telecom minister. The CBI had alleged that these illegal allocations resulted in a loss to the exchequer of more than Rs 30,000 crore.On June 16, DMK MP Kanimozhi was summoned at the ED's Delhi office and questioned in a case where Kalaignar TV, partly owned by her, was the beneficiary of Rs 200 crore in payoff as alleged by investigating agencies.Raja submitted his bank statements and other documents sought by ED officials. He was asked to explain the charges made against him and his associates in the CBI case.Kanimozhi, daughter of DMK chief M Karunanidhi, was asked to explain the alleged receipt of payoffs in the family-run Kalaignar TV and her role in the TV channel.Though Kanimozhi's appearance was pending since April when some other officials of Kalaignar TV were summoned to the ED's Delhi office and their statement recorded. She was, however, spared on the plea that Parliament was in session and questioning would happen after the budget session of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861216", "title": "Katrina gets more dangerous than Aamir Khan", "text": "Cutting short her planned family holiday in London with her mom and sisters, Katrina flew back to Mumbai on Tuesday to practice for some additional action sequences in Dhoom 3. Yes, Katrina Kaif's stunts in Dhoom 3 just got more ominous and dangerous. We hear the Yashraj team watched her super-smooth kicks and flips with Salman Khan in Ek Tha Tiger, and decided to give a substantial fillip to Katrina's action quotient in Dhoom 3.We now hear in Dhoom 3 she will perform the most dangerous stunts ever by a leading lady in Yashraj film. Says a source close to the project, \"If you look at the other Dhoom films the ladies Esha Deol, Bipasha Basu and Aishwarya Rai had no real stunts to perform. In Dhoom 3 Katrina was given at least 3 major action sequences for which she was to be specially trained. Now after Tiger Yashraj is adding a couple of more action sequences which would be managed by a fleet of action co-ordinators.\"Interestingly Aamir Khan who plays Katrina's soul-mate in Dhoom 3 doesn't have that many action sequences. \"He plays a cool cerebral villain, more into the intellect than fists. Yes, he does have some major stunts. But Katrina plays the more fist-friendly character. And Dhoom 3 would be her first full-fledged action role. Though she plays an aggressive character in Ek Tha Tiger she wasn't allowed to do any really daring stunt scenes,\" says our source.Apparently Salman watched over Katrina's derring-do quotient in Ek Tha Tiger and told her to \"take it easy\", even \"whispered\" to the international directors to \"make it easy\". Says our source, \"Katrina always wanted to do a full-on high-voltage action film with no body doubles. In Tiger she could only get halfway there. In Dhoom 3 she has just been provided with even more scope for the hi-jinks.\"We hear the stunts for Katrina in Dhoom 3 would be on a par with Uma Thurman's power-packed flips and somersaults in Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill . The actress has been on a no-fat diet in London to get into the required shape. She flies back this week ready to kick some serious ass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857037", "title": "Did injured victim have a hand in plot?", "text": "GURGAON: Anil, who was injured in the shooting incident early on Thursday morning, and the accused Ajay are relatives. Residents of the same village, Ajay abducted Anil's sister and married her. Since then Anil and Ajay were sworn enemies but had later patched up their differences.In the shooting, Anil received only one injury on his thigh. It was an unanswered question in the incident, as to why why the accused spared Anil alias Lala, because they had pumped a lot of bullets into the other two victims who had died.The uncle of one of the victims, Amit, said Ajay is Anil's brother-in-law. \"Maybe due to relationship he was spared,\" a villager said.Police officers have, meanwhile, suspect that Anil might have had a hand in plotting the murders. The liquor contractor, with whom the victims were working, is also under the police scanner. A councillor is among the shareholders of the liquor shop.\"We have found in the preliminary investigation that when Mahendra and Anil alias Lala were going to sleep in Mahendra's house, Anil insisted that Amit (who was later killed) to deceased Amit for going with them. Anil also under scanner in this case and we are investigating the case with all aspects\", said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858734", "title": "'Congress workers giving ration cards to help Bangladeshis'", "text": "JAIPUR: Former president of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha Ashok Lahoty on Thursday accused the Congress of politicizing the issue of ration cards by including Congress workers in distributing forms. \"The BJP councillors of various wards of Civil Lines area told me that the MLA is distributing 4,000 ration card forms with no serial numbers. I think these should be scanned since Civil Lines constituency has some slums where illegal immigrants are from Bangladesh. In Civil Lines area, district supply officer UD Khan has distributed 4,000 forms which do not have the sector warden stamp,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857486", "title": "Time for law on assisted fertility technology, experts say", "text": "MUMBAI: The law governing assisted, or third-party, reproduction in India needs a vital shot in the arm. Experts say the time for a comprehensive new law has come, given that there are about 500 fertility treatment clinics across the country, with more than a tenth in Mumbai alone.The death of a 17-year-old girl, Sushma Pandey, two days after her last egg donation has put the spotlight on the absence of a proper legal regulatory framework for the fertile field of assisted reproductive technology (ART) and the long-pending ART (Regulation) Bill, 2010, that promises reform.Experts express hope that the proposed presentation of the bill during the winter session of Parliament will speed up its passage into statute. \"There is a real need for the ART Bill to become a law soon,\" said IVF specialist Dr Nandita Palshetkar.While the medical fraternity awaits the new law, many clinics already practice some of the bill's provisions. Leading gynaecologists, including Dr Gautam Allahbadia of Rotunda Clinic, where Sushma had been an egg donor, say they no longer accept a women who are below 21 as donors.The Bombay high court in March set free, for lack of evidence, Sunil Chaumal (49), charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder for Sushma's death in August 2010, two days after her last donation. But the HC judge said \"Curiously, the chargesheet does not show that the investigating machinery had proceeded against Rotunda Hospital ... (for accepting an underage donor)\".Dr Allahbadia, who as one of the drafters of the new ART Bill was instrumental in introducing several key changes, including raising the age bar of donors, said the Saki Naka police had questioned him at length four times in 2010 and were given original documents pertaining to the case. \"The woman had given her name as Sushma Dube and her pan card as proof that she was above 18.\" Her pathology tests record, accessed by TOI, shows her name as such and age as 20 in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858706", "title": "Doctors not keen on taking up government jobs", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is finding it difficult to fill the vacant posts for doctors in the state. Around 1,400 posts for medical officers in 2011 were created but around 800 doctors joined the services. Similarly, in 2012 around 1,100 more posts were created but so far 600 doctors have joined the government services, a state government official said. It shows that around 1,000 new doctors are yet to join the services. Apart from the posts vacant for new doctors, there are other vacant posts which are given to doctors on promotions.The All Rajasthan In Service Doctors Association (ARISDA) claimed that the new step of the state government to withdraw the clause of bond for three years, would help the state government in filling the posts. On Wednesday, the medical health and family welfare department decided not to bind the newly-appointed doctors to work for three consecutive years without quitting the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14856999", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation raises property tax on some groups by 25%", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Thursday decided to increase property taxes for commercial establishments by 25% and exempt residential properties from the tax hike. It also decided to digitalize all properties within NMC limits and encode them to make tax recovery simplified and increase its revenue.The tax hike for commercial establishments will be in force from the next financial year 2013-14. The administration had proposed a tax rise for both residential and commercial properties, but standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse cancelled the proposal of the NMC administration to raise house and water taxes for residential propertiesand gave consent to 25% rise in house and water taxes for commercial properties.\"We have decided to increase house and water taxes for commercial establishments from the next financial year, but residential properties have been exempted from any tax rise. Besides, commercial tax will be levied on petty businesses run in residential properties, such as beauty parlours, coaching classes, tailoring shops, grocery stores, music classes and professional consulting offices of lawyers, chartered accountants and doctors,\" said standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse.\"To simplify recovery of property tax and increase NMC revenue, we have decided to digitalize all properties within NMC limits. These properties will be given a coding number and new code numbers will be given to new properties. This will help make assessment of properties simpler. The digitalization work will commence in the next few months,\" municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14857049", "title": "Ban on gutkha, but kharra remains free", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the Maharashtra government has declared a ban on pan masala and gutkha, kharra, which is considered just as dangerous, remains free from the ban. \"There is not much difference between the two, the main difference being the former is packed and marketed, while the latter is made locally,\" said Dr Vinay Hazarey, dean, Government Dental College.Now, with a ban coming in for pan masala and gutkha, the sale of kharra is bound to rise as the consumers will turn to the only option they have. Kharra is combination of tobacco, areca nut, lime (chuna) and katechu (kattha) which has different names and a little variation of ingredients in different regions of the country.\"Kharra causes nearly double the trouble and the problem is that its sale will increase with the ban on gutkha. Bringing a ban on this will be a difficult affair,\" said Dr Madan Kapre, ENT specialist and president of Foundation for Head and Neck Oncology.It is also feared that instead of people leaving the habit, they might just shift to having kharra instead of gutkha. Dr Hazarey says that there is a state of amnesia in the country regarding to the harms of tobacco chewing.\"There is no awareness about the disastrous effects of tobacco on the human body and this is because not all men show the harmful effects of the habit,\" said Dr Kapre. He went on to say that once certain signs begin to show, one must immediately stop consuming tobacco as it might lead to cancer.\"Burning in the mouth after having gutkha, regular ulcers in the mouth, inability to open mouth properly and also having normal spices are the signs which a tobacco eaters need to look out for. These can lead to caner,\" Dr Kapre said.Pan kiosk owner Sachin Neware said, \"Now that gutkha has been banned, kharra will be in more demand. Kharra needs more of an effort to be made and also till now the trend has been that people preferred gutkha over kharra.\"\"Biological effects of kharra and guthka are the same and hence kharra also needs to be covered under the ban. Technically, it should come under it as the act bans all edible items which has tobacco in it and kharra contains tobacco. I hope a clarification is given soon and kharra is also banned,\" said Dr Kapre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858089", "title": "Dharna Sthal chokes traffic on Charbagh-Ganj route", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scores of commuters near Husainganj Crossing experienced the same ordeal as thousands of Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) qualified candidates blocked the busy Charbgh-Hazratganj route on Thursday.\"It was difficult to find a way. All I could see was a sea of people raising anti-government slogans. The protestors were not even bothered if there was an ambulance stuck in the jam. I feel the venue of protest should be immediately shifted,'' said Binay Chaudhary, a graphic artist, who too was caught in the jam.Such traffic snarls have become regular on the Charbagh-Hazratganj route ever since the Dharna Sthal has been restored to its old location - opposite Vidhan Bhawan.Every time a protest takes place, traffic goes into disarray. On Thursday, many commuters were caught in the traffic jam for more than five hours; office-goers reached their offices late while students had to miss their classes. Among the sufferers were patients heading to hospitals for treatment. Many missed their trains.After coming to power in March, the Samajwadi Party government reverted the BSP government order and restored the Dharna Sthal to its old venue.Now, even a small protest at Dharna Sthal throws the traffic out of gear on the route, causing inconvenience to commuters. Since most of the demonstrations take place either in the morning or evening hours, traffic woes double up. At times, the protests are so severe that even the police fail to clear the snarls.It was owing to regular traffic problems owing to protests on the Vidhan Sabha Road, the Mayawati government had shifted the Dharna Sthal to Shaheed Smarak. Later, the venue was shifted to the Jhulel Lal Park on the banks of the Gomti. The decision came after shiksha mitras clashed with the police on September 14, 2010, and damaged the memorial inside Shaheed Smarak. On the occasion, some protestors had also jumped into the Gomti after police canecharged them. The then police chief DIG Rajeev Krishna was also injured in the clash.On July 2, Ayush doctors had blocked the Vidhan Sabha Marg for over three hours. They even clashed with the police in which nine police personnel, including women, were seriously injured.Earlier, on March 20, TET qualified candidates fought pitched battles with the police at Husainganj Crossing. The protest had led to traffic bottlenecks near KKC and Husainganj Crossing. The police had to use water cannons and lathicharge to disperse the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14857169", "title": "Greater Noida Authority cracks whip on properties violating norms", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Following in the footsteps of Noida Authority, even the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority has decided to crack the whip on all property owners violating civic norms, encroaching on government land and operating illegally from non-conforming areas. The Authority has warned property owners of residential, commercial, industrial and institutional areas to stop all illegal and unauthorized activity before July 16 or face legal action.Not showing any leniency, the Authority has warned allottees through a legal-cum-public notice operating paying guest accommodation, hostels, shops, clinics and offices to stop all unauthorized activity with immediate effect. \"If these property owners do not close shop on their own and before the announced time-frame, they are likely to face lease deed cancellation as they are flouting the norms of the Industrial Development Act, 1976,\" Rama Raman, CEO of GNIDA said.The Authority will also seal the property along with lease deed cancellation before initiating legal action against the allottee. \"We will lodge an FIR against all violators,\" said Rama Raman.Through the notice published on July 2, the Authority has also instructed all allottees, organizations and individuals to also immediately remove unauthorized banners and sign boards from public properties. \"We will not tolerate any defacing of our properties like bus shelters, road signages with pamphlets and banners,\" said the CEO's notice.Builders and property owners have also been asked to desist from using public road space to store construction material. All allottees have been asked to remove such material within the 15 day period or face strict action.Officials also warned that they would confiscate all building material encroaching upon road space. \"Any material found to be creating an obstruction in smooth movement of pedestrian and vehicular traffic will be removed and confiscated with the help of the police,\" Authority officials warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857119", "title": "\u20182008 Mantralaya fire check report ignored\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The fire brigade had found glaring loopholes in the fire-fighting system of Mantralaya during an inspection in 2008. Last month, a blaze killed five people and caused considerable damage to the seat of power in Maharashtra. Fire officials now point out that little was done in these four years to address their concerns and implement their recommendations.\"They (Mantralaya) have an independent fire officer. They should have taken some steps and sent us a compliance report after our inspection. We can't forcibly go and get things done,\" said a senior fire brigade official. \"Our probe had found that almost all the floors had internal additions and alterations without proper fire safety measures. These were also done without consulting the senior fire officers of Mantralaya and the fire brigade.\"A copy of the recommendations made by the fire brigade in August 2008, which was provided to TOI by RTI activist Chetan Kothari, had suggested that all entrances, exits, common passages, the lift lobby and staircases should be free from obstructions. \"But this did not happen,\" said Kothari.The inspection report had made recommendations on measures such as water-spraying systems, fire alarms, heat detectors/sensors, fire-resistant doors, refuge areas, ventilation and staircases/ramps etc. Suggestions on parking, too, were \"ignored\".While the Mantralaya fire officer was not available for comment, a senior secretariat official claimed that of the 33 recommendations made, most were complied with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856700", "title": "Facelift of district education offices on anvil", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to repair the buildings housing the offices of district education officers (DEOs). This was decided at a meeting chaired by school and mass education minister Pratap Jena at the secretariat on Monday.The government will also construct offices in districts where the DEO posts were created recently or where they function from rented establishments. The government had re-designated the post of circle inspector (CI) of schools as DEO, who are posted in the district headquarters, this February. The proposed buildings would also house the offices of the district project officers, district inspector of schools and the legal cell. The administration will also make special arrangements for necessary repair and maintenance of school buildings which have been transferred from school and mass education department to the civic bodies. The minister also told officials to sort out problems on repair and renovation of the educational institutions.At present, there are 19 DEOs who look after 30 districts. Subsequently, the state government has decided to name a DEO for each district. An official said the government was taking steps to fill up the new posts and also the proposed office buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857399", "title": "South Central Railway staffer caught taking bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: CBI sleuths on Thursday arrested a South Central Railway (SCR) employee while he was accepting bribe from a woman at a lodge in Secunderabad in return for an official favour.Based on a complaint lodged by the woman, who was trying to get a job in SCR on compassionate grounds, the CBI laid a trap at Everest Lodge in Secunderabad in the wee hours of Thursday and nabbed K Shankar, senior personnel officer of the South Central Railway. Shankar demanded and accepted a bribe of Rs 10,000 from her.\"The accused has asked for money and physical favours in return for a job. That was why he asked the woman to come to the lodge alone at night with the money,\" a CBI official said.Following the trap, a CBI team visited Shankar's office located at the fourth floor of Rail Nilayam in Secunderabad and seized some incriminating evidence. After his arrest Shankar was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858976", "title": "PM panel at odds with aviation ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of who should be the director general of civil aviation (DGCA) is not the only tussle between the Ajit Singh-led aviation ministry and the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh-headed appointments committee of the cabinet (ACC).The ACC has strongly objected to the aviation ministry giving additional charge of chairman and managing director (CMD) of Pawan Hans Helicopters Ltd (PHHL) to joint DG in DGCA Anil Srivastava, arguing that a regulator cannot be an operator, that too in the same sector.\"The ACC has directed that it would be more appropriate if a joint secretary in the ministry is given additional charge of the post of CMD, PHHL, for a period of six months or till a regular incumbent is selected. The ACC has further directed the ministry to complete the process of regular appointment within this period,\" a letter to the aviation ministry says.But this ACC decision was taken at a time when the cabinet panel sat on the aviation ministry's proposal to make senior IAS officer Arun Misra as DGCA chief and instead cleared a proposal sent by Singh's predecessor Vayalar Ravi last November for a six-month term for Bhushan.\"Views of the minister concerned have to be taken into account while making key appointments. Unilateral decisions cannot be taken,\" said a leader of Singh's Rashtriya Lok Dal.The panel has strongly objected to the ministry making a DGCA joint DG the CMD of Pawan Hans Helicopters Ltd, arguing that a regulator cannot be an operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858713", "title": "Go for comfy, fancy monsoon footwear", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come monsoon and the risk of slipping on the road or at home haunts people all the time. Along with sporting light and colourful clothes, this season also calls for funky footwear, which cut down the chances of slipping.The market is stocked with fancy plastic and rubber flip-flops, slippers, ballerina and sandals, which are most comfortable and are preferred when it comes to walking in the rains. Flip-flops are good for monsoon as they provide a good grip while walking on slippery roads and floor and come cheaper too. Fairy, printed, jute, corsage sea grass are popular and fast selling designs of the season. The right footwear is essential for people to tread through numerous potholes and muddy puddles. Even crocs are a good option to go with during monsoon.The children too, have a fair range in form of cute colourful plastic sandals. While girls prefer colourful slippers with imprints of Barbie, teddy bears, flowers, fruits and other cartoon characters, boys go for slippers with imprints of Super Mario (game boy), angry birds and cars and bikes. \"I love my collection of Barbie flip flops as they look so girlish and stylish,\" says Chahat Sharma, resident of Sector 15.\"Flip-flops are perfect for monsoon and you don't even have to buy different footwear for different dresses. They go with suits, jeans and shorts as well,\" says Palak Verma, a student of GCG-11.Dr Sangeeta Amladi, a Sector 11-based dermatologist says, \"Wear open footwear during monsoon and avoid boots as these keep your feet damp longer. Don't forget to dry your feet well once you get home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14857994", "title": "The eyes have it? Looking left or right is not linked to lying", "text": "LONDON: The popular belief that looking towards the right indicates you are lying, and the reverse eye movement suggests telling the truth doesn't hold ground, a new study suggests.Experts have been convinced that eye movements can reveal when someone is lying, but according to the study 'Lying eyes' are a myth and the idea of detectives who can spot a fibber instantly from his eye movements is pure fiction.Even the video tests have shown that the movements don't reveal anything about whether someone is telling the truth. Many psychologists have believed for long that when a person looks up to their right they are likely to be telling a lie.\"A large percentage of the public believes that certain eye movements are a sign of lying, and this idea is even taught in organizational training courses,\" Dr Caroline Watt, from the University of Edinburgh, said.\"Our research provides no support for the idea and so suggests that it is time to abandon this approach to detecting deceit.\"The claimed link between lying and eye movements is a key element of neuro-linguistic programming (NLP), a method of enhancing people's lives using psychological techniques, the Daily Mail reported. The importance of NLP involves teaching people about the relationship between eye movements and thought.According to the theory, when right-handed people look up to their right they are likely to be visualizing a 'constructed' or imagined event. In contrast when they look to their left they are likely to be visualizing a 'remembered' memory.For this reason, when liars are constructing their own version of the truth, they tend to look to the right.The idea was tested by filming volunteers and recording their eye movements to find whether they were lying or telling the truth.A second group of volunteers was then asked to watch the films and try to detect the lies by watching the eye movements.\"The results of the first study revealed no relationship between lying and eye movements, and the second showed that telling people about the claims made by NLP practitioners did not improve their lie detection skills.\" Psychologist Prof Wiseman, from the University of Hertfordshire, said.A follow-up study involved analysing videos of high-profile press conferences in which people appealed for help in finding missing relatives, or claimed to have been victims of crime. While some were telling the truth, others turned out to be lying.Again, there was no evidence of a correlation between lying and eye movements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857802", "title": "Gujarat's dams 29.13% full after good spell of rain", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state on Wednesday received 30 mm of rainfall in a single day. This not only dropped the mercury levels, but also resulted in a fresh income of water in the main irrigation dams. The 202 irrigations dams in the state have received 29.13% water against their total storage capacity.The data released by the irrigation department on Thursday revealed that the state has almost 1.5% more water in the dams compared to last year. Major dams have received some fresh income of water in the dams. Built on Sabarmati river, Dharoi dam in Mehsana too received fresh income of water. The dam has an inflow of 13,383 cusec water. Dharoi dam had just 26% of water as compared to its total storage capacity on Wednesday, but on Thursday it had 30% of water.Also, Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) dam received some fresh inflow of water. The SSNL has 77.55% of water.Irrigation officials said that the dams in north Gujarat, south Gujarat and Kutch saw an increase in water levels. The 17 dams in north Gujarat saw an increase in its level by 74 million cubic metre (mcm), while central Gujarat dams registered an increase of 127 mcm.However, water in the dams in Saurashtra and south Gujarat was less compared to last year. Officials said south Gujarat had around 396 mcm less water and Saurashtra had 378 mcm less water compared to last year. Major dams like Ukai, Damanganga, Panam, Vatrak, Sipu and Kadana also saw inflow of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857470", "title": "New Bandra-Kurla Complex bourse is an improvement: Traders", "text": "MUMBAI: Security heads the list of priorities for anybody working in the diamond industry, be it a trader, broker or angadia (courier). In that respect, the well-fortified Bharat Diamond Bourse (BDB) located at Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) is an ideal alternative to Panchratna, Opera House. Even the cars of all the committee members are checked thoroughly before entry.\"Around 200 offices are already functioning in the complex and occupants are steadily moving in,\" says Bharatbhai V Shah, secretary of the Mumbai Diamond Merchants' Association. \"It is an ultra-modern trading bourse with a modernized custom area for foreign transactions, seven operational banks, safe deposit vaults, canteen, security and a trading hall for international buyers. That apart, we also have a private bus service and a counter for angadias.\"However, brokers such as Snehal Shah are still weighing their options. \"There is no doubt that security inside BDB is world class. The only deterrent is that the site is far from Bandra railway station and the access route is poorly lit as well. Brokers and couriers can ill-afford to spend money on autorickshaw travel every day. But that would become necessary given that each of us routinely carries diamonds worth Rs 2 lakh to Rs 4 lakh.\"Rakesh Trivedi, a strong advocate for the shift, says rumours about BDB being unsafe are spread by those who do not wish to spend Rs 1 crore hiring space in the new complex. \"Merely monthly maintenance costs Rs 30 per sq ft. So for a small office of 150 sq ft, you pay Rs 5,000. At Panchratna, on the other hand, people shell out small rents for large spaces given that they divide and sublet premises. These are the people who find BDB an expensive option and deter others from moving in as well,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14857020", "title": "3-day workshop for Maharashtra Navnirman Sena corporators", "text": "NASHIK: A three-day training programme has been organized for the corporators and Zilla Parishad (ZP) members of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) from July 16-18 at the Radisson resort in Alibaug.MNS party chief Raj Thackeray will inaugurate the programme and also be present for the concluding ceremony on July 18. The workshop will be held from 10am to 10pm on all the days.\"This is one of our regular training for corporators. Speakers are invited and they guide us with their valuable inputs, experience and later we have discussions. The training generally includes information about the working of the municipal corporation, how corporators are to conduct their affairs at the NMC, what journalism is, what the media means and more. Renowned and senior journalists are also invited to speak about media. ,\" said city chief of MNS, Sujata Dere.At the end of each training session, a question-answer round is held wherein corporators can get their doubts clarified. \"We will note down the points discussed in the training sessions. Such training sessions are essential to equip ourselves to perform better and is also helpful for newly elected corporators,\" said Dere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856404", "title": "Kochi corporation to draft project for women's safety", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to make the city safe and free from violence against women, the Kochi corporation would soon draft a project to ensure safety of women. Addressing a one-day seminar on women safety on Thursday, mayor Tony Chammany said the project would be included in the next plan for the city.Inaugurating the seminar, inspector general of police, K Padmakumar pointed out the need to have a comprehensive plan for ensuring safety of women.The one-day seminar was based on a study report submitted by two organization- UN Women Jagori and Sakhi. The discussions focused on the need to incorporate changes in town planning, policing and transportation sectors to make the city safe for women.The organizations conducted two safety audits in the city - one at the vicinity of KSRTC bus stand and the other at Thoppumpady junction.The audits were done during both day and night, and they found that women face problems while travelling and moving around in public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857456", "title": "Mayor inspects Chandrayangutta constituency", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Kandikal gate expressed apprehensions over the length of the upcoming flyover in their neighbourhood to the mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain who was on an inspection of Chandrayangutta constituency on Thursday. The mayor directed the officials to place various proposals before the standing committee.The officials later visited Government College, Falaknuma where the mayor directed the officials to put up the proposals for construction of a mini stadium and take up the works after presenting a report to the committee.The team also visited MCH quarters at Jangammet and taking note of its dilapidated state, instructed the officials to take up the issue under the Rajiv Awas Yojana scheme so as to improve the conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14857741", "title": "Lawyers abstain from work for second day", "text": "PATNA: Lawyers abstained from court work and other professional duties across the state for the second consecutive day on Thursday at the call of Bar Council of India (BCI). In many districts, lawyers burned the copies of five controversial bills proposed by the Centre before the offices of district magistrates.At Patna high court, a large number of lawyers assembled at a programme organized by Advocates Association, with its president Yogesh Chandra Verma explaining the reasons for opposing the five bills. The bills, he said, seek to usurp the statutory powers of the Bar Council of India and State Bar Councils.Bihar State Bar Council chairman Baleshwar Prasad Sharma said the lawyers of Gaya, Begusarai, Lakhisarai, Madhubani and Bhagalpur burned the copies of the bills on Thursday to intensify their movement. At Chhapra, the copies of the bills were burned on the premises of the Bar Association.Former BCI chairman Suraj Narayan Prasad Sinha recalled that during his tenure at BCI, Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal had made an attempt to move the controversial bills, which was protested by lawyers by wearing black badges across the country.Speaking about implications of the controversial bills, if passed by the parliament, Verma said the bills would strike at the decentralized democratic structure of the Bar Council of India and State Bar Councils. Legal profession is an independent one, but the Centre was trying to control it and the Bar, hitherto being regulated by the BCI and State Bar Councils under the provisions of the Advocates Act, through the proposed bills, he said.He added lawyers and lawyer academics are experts in legal education, while bureaucrats and non-legal academics do not have such expertise. The bills will also go against the federal structure of the country, he said. Former law minister of the state, Shakeel Ahmad Khan was among others who spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14856965", "title": "Ignored aspirants angry, threaten to quit", "text": "BANGALORE: Before he took guard in the BJP's third innings, chief minister Jagadish Shettar faced a googly with half-a-dozen MLAs raising the banner of revolt after they were denied a cabinet berth.The BJP made Shettar the CM to douse the dissidence that threatened the D V Sadananda Gowda government. But before the less-than-an-hour swearing-in ended, Kundapur MLA Haladi Srinivas Shetty, Mudigere MLA M P Kumaraswamy, Sagar MLA Belur Gopalakrishna, Koppal MLA Karadi Sanganna and Naragund MLA C C Patil made it amply clear they are unhappy because they didn't get a cabinet look-in.The most serious threat came from Shetty, who's angry that a berth promised to him was snatched away just as he was getting ready to take oath as a minister. A surprise winner in this last-minute drama was MLC Kota Srinivas Poojary, a Billava (Idiga), the lone representative from Udupi in the cabinet.A disgruntled Shetty and fellow MLAs from the Udupi district - K Raghupathy Bhat, Byndoor K Lakshminarayan and Lalaji R Mendon - threatened to quit the assembly to protest this treatment.Shetty left Udupi for Bangalore on Wednesday evening, heart filled with hope. The BJP leaders had assured him of a berth. The party delivered a shock around 10.30am on Thursday, when it handed the official letter to Poojary. An emotional Shetty told TOI: \"I never aspired to be a minister. I never recognized myself with any group. Fellow legislators from the Udupi district asked me to be a contender in an attempt to strengthen the party in the coast. After the party ignored me, I'm thoroughly dejected.\"Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa rushed to the Legislators' Home (LH) and assured Shetty of a solution in 24 hours. Thousands of Shetty's supporters, who had thronged the LH hoping Shetty would be made a minister, blamed a top RSS leader from Udupi for this.On his part, Poojary wasn't sure of getting an official call. He was with Shetty at the LH when an official letter reached him around 11am. Legislators from Udupi requested Poojary not to take oath as it would divide the BJP in the district. Another MLA, H Halappa, came to the LH and brought Poojary to Raj Bhavan.Poojary reached Raj Bhavan after two groups of six ministers each had been sworn in by the governor. As chief secretary S V Ranganath called out his name to take oath in the last batch, Poojary was seen searching for a copy of the oath on the dais.DISSIDENCE ON THE SIM* Mudigere MLA M P Kumaraswamy protests before B R Ambedkar's statue* Supporters of Nargund MLA C C Patil plan to protest* Koppal MLA Karadi Sanganna's supporters protest before Shettar's house* Former ministers G Karunakara Reddy and Shivannagouda Naik unhappy at the latter's exclusion", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "14856459", "title": "Dibrugarh waterlogged despite sewer revamp", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Despite the crores of rupees spent on sewer revamp here to prevent flash floods, a few hours of heavy downpour left the town waterlogged on Thursday. The heavy rain inundated most of the 22 wards of the town. Areas like Seujpur, Amolapatty, Mancotta, Jiban Phukan Nagar, Padum Nagar, Naliapool, Santipara, KP Road, Khalihamari, Guardpara and Graham Bazar were the worst hit as water gushed into several houses in these areas.The arterial roads like AT Road, KC Gogoi Road and Macotta Road remained under water in several areas resulting in severe traffic snarls. It was difficult for vehicles to move on NH-37 at Seujpur Tiniali as rain water inundated the area. The whole area is under knee-deep water for the last three days.On Thursday, hundreds of enraged residents blocked NH-37 for an hour at Seujpur from 11 am, which left hundreds of vehicles stranded on both sides of the highway. The protestors lifted the road blockade only after receiving assurances from district officials that the water logging problem in the area will be taken care of immediately.On Wednesday, the residents of the area submitted a memorandum to deputy commissioner Aruna Rajoria seeking a solution to the problem. The heavy downpour had also submerged the office of the superintendent of police, Dibrugarh police reserve and the Gabharupathar police station.\"We have to face this problem of water logging every time there is a heavy downpour. I've never seen any municipal worker carry out desiltation work. As a result, the drains are always overflowing. We have to wade through knee-deep dirty water to go to work,\" said Gautam Baruah, a resident of Khalihmari.Another resident Silpi Ghosh of Santipara area said, \"We're facing a harrowing time as drain water has started seeping into our house in the early morning hours. Most of the houses in our locality are under water. I'm hoping the water clears out by evening.\"Water logging during monsoon has been a regular feature in Dibrugarh town. The town protection drain of the embankment &amp; drainage (E&D;) department lost the capacity to flush out rainwater from the town. Built in 1954, the 22-km long drain, which starts from Dibrujan and ends in Jamira Bogibeel, empties rainwater from the town in Sessa River. However, encroachment and lack of maintenance has hampered the normal functioning of the drain. Many houses, shops and places of worship have come up on the edge of the drain even though it is illegal to construct any structure within 10 feet on both sides of the drain.Besides, people throw household wastes and garbage in the drain rendering it shallow and stagnant. A project for the construction of the town drainage system was taken up in 2008 at the cost of Rs 8 crore under the additional central assistance fund. However, the ambitious project has failed to stop the water logging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857453", "title": "Man chases and kills tenant for courting wife", "text": "KOLKATA: A spot near the airport's integrated terminal was smeared with blood after an enraged man hit his wife's paramour on the head with a stray iron rod lying at the construction site on Thursday.According to eyewitnesses, a couple had just met at the entrance to the airport off VIP Road when another man jumped out of a bus and rushed towards them. Spotting him, the youth fled towards the barricaded construction site, where the integrated terminal is nearing completion, with the enraged man in hot pursuit.Police later learnt that the fleeing youth Farhad was a tenant at the home of Sk Salim Ali , a mason who was giving chase. At the heart of the squabble lay Farhad's heart-throb, the woman he had met near the airport entrance. Only that she happened to be Salim's wife. Salim was suspectful of the affair and managed to catch them red-handed on Thursday.As the two men reached below the new flyover, Salim lunged forward and managed to grab Farhad. A struggle ensued and Farhad seemed to be getting the better of the scuffle when Salim grabbed an iron rod lying nearby around and struck him in the head. Salim would have hit Farhad again had not locals caught him from behind.The locals then informed the police who rushed a severely bleeding and unconscious Farhad to Dum Dum municipal hospital. He was referred to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital but died on the way. Salim has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857226", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee writes to Trinamool MPs", "text": "KOLKATA: UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee has sent printed letters to a section of Trinamool Congress MPs seeking their \"invaluable support\" for the July 19 contest, using his personal influence on a section of lawmakers in Mamata Banerjee's party though he didn't approach the CM herself.If Mukherjee made this move to take advantage of the presidential poll rules \u2014 parties can't issue whips on the Raisina Hill contest \u2014 Mamata tried to pre-empt the possibility of \"cross voting\". Prodded by their party chief, Trinamool MPs wrote to the Election Commission (EC) to allow them to vote in Kolkata instead of Delhi. \"The chief minister has instructed us to come to Kolkata a day before the presidential polls. She will take her decision on July 17. If she decides on voting, we have to do that in the state assembly. We wrote to the EC seeking its permission for the change in venue,\" Union minister of state for tourism Sultan Ahmed said. What he didn't say is that Mamat wants her entire flock in the city to prevent any deviation from her stand.But all this didn't prevent Mukherjee from making a personal appeal to Trinamool MPs. Railway minister Mukul Roy said, \"I have not received any letter. But I've been informed that some MPs have received it.\" Rajya Sabha MP Derek O'Brien, among those who received the letter, said, \"I received the letter in today's post with a Rs 5 stamp on it. It is addressed as my dear friend and even the signature is a photocopy. How can I comment on it when I don't even know whether it is authentic ... so should I just dismiss this as a junk post?\"The one-pager, which is six paragraphs long, stresses Mukherjee's Bengal roots, his political philosophy, Indira Gandhi, and also that the post of the President is above politics. A similar letter was circulated among CPM, Forward Bloc, DSP and SP legislators from Bengal - along with those of the Congress - whom Mukherjee met in the state secretariet on July 11. After the same meeting, Mukherjee had said he was ready to speak to Mamata \"only when she is ready to talk to me\".State Congress chief Pradip Bhattacharya, who has stepped up the ante against the Trinamool in the state, denied knowledge of the letter. R.C.Khuntia, AICC observer, said, \"I see nothing wrong in a presidential candidate appealing to MPs. He will be reaching out to all the MPs nationwide.\" But there are other MPs in Bengal who are yet to receive a similar appeal. CPM's Tapan Sen said, \"I haven't received any appeal from Mukherjee. But one from P A Sangma has reached me. This is a normal convention before a presidential election.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14857885", "title": "Protest by Chasnala workers for pay parity", "text": "Sindri: Contract workers of the Chasnala colliery under the banner of the Asangthit Mazdoor Morcha demonstrated at the general manager (GM)'s office to press for their eight-point charter of demands on Thursday.Equal pay for equal job, minimum 26-day work for contract workers, correction of anomalies in PF, payment of arrears and bonus as per agreement and provision of payment through banks to contract workers and payment of new approved rate from April 2012 were prominent among the demands of the Morcha.Morcha leader Nitai Mahot said after the workers started fighting for their rights, the contractors had stopped taking contract for work in the Chasnala and Jitpur collieries of SAIL subsidiary ISP. As a result, the contract workers have been rendered jobless.Earlier when contract workers were not given minimum wages and other statutory benefits including bonus, there was a mad rush for getting contract but now the contractors are shying away - which makes it amply clear that earlier the contractors were exploiting the labourers, he said and alleged that the colliery management was a party to this game of contractors. \"We demand that the colliery management search for new contractors and resume work,\" Mahot said adding that the Morcha has threatened to launch an agitation once again if the colliery management failed in conceding to their demands within a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14858363", "title": "Robbery at Mapusa hospital", "text": "MAPUSA: Unknown persons stole a computer system from the urban health centre at Mapusa on Wednesday night.Dr Chandrakant Parab, the medical officer at the centre, complained to the Mapusa police that unknown persons effected entry into the premises by break open the lock and latch of the main door of the health centre and decamped with a computer system which was installed in the premises. Sources also informed TOI that the system was loaded with useful data of the health centre . Police have registered the offence under sections 457, 380 of the IPC and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857878", "title": "Probe ordered into cop's suicide", "text": "RANCHI: Police is investigating the call details of jawan Akhileshwar Ram, who shot himself dead on Wednesday are being investigated. \"Probe is on. Charge of abetment of suicide would be framed after the call details are scanned,\" said SP (rural) A V Minz. The body was sent to his hometown in Garhwa on Thursday.Ram was posted along with his four friends at a plastic factory in Tatisilwai locality on the outskirts of Ranchi. At 6 am Ram had a talk with his wife following which he got depressed. The constable was sitting with his Insas rifle in a disturbed state of mind.He trained the gun on his friends when they inquired about the reasons behind his depression but then soon after fired three bullets in his stomach.The jawan was rushed to RIMS where doctors declared him brought dead. A senior police official said that the jawan was posted at the site just a month ago when he joined office after his leave ended.A case of unnatural death was lodged with Tatisilwai police in this regard. Whether he was depressed due to stressful working conditions was a matter of investigation, Minz said. \"Until and unless a comprehensive investigation is carried out I would not be able to say anything specific,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857445", "title": "Bengal pitches for light rail transit to beat road crunch", "text": "KOLKATA: The City of Joy desires elevated streetcars. Rising to the need, the Mamata Banerjee government is working on a proposal to upgrade trams to a light rail transit system.Once on track, the trams in their new avatar of light rail transit (LRT) will be part of the \"multi-model public transport strategy\" for Kolkata, which being prepared on a war-footing. The LRT will mostly run in raised platforms in the middle of the road. The idea is feasible because surface trams and the tracks have taken a toll on the meagre 7% Kolkata road-space.The best part of these new-age trams will be their ability to negotiate road bends that are characteristic of Kolkata. The LRT needs just about 25 metre radius. Hence, property acquisition for the project would be practically nil. What's more, people will prefer this mode of transit since LRT is often given priority at intersections, and it will zoom faster on the roads where Metro will be inaccessible, officials say.The state government zeroed in on the idea, thanks to a recent study by the Institute of Urban Transport (IUT) at the behest of the ministry of urban development to study the Kolkata tram system. \"In the present day context, the Metro is the most efficient mode of transit for Kolkata since it runs underground or overhead. It would make perfect sense to connect the Metro stations with elevated tramways as a feeder system. The LRT has been recommended by the urban development ministry. The state feels strongly about it,\" said Debashis Sen, secretary, urban development.Sen has submitted a report to the ministry noting that \"trams are not suitable for a road-constrained city like Kolkata. Moreover, it's an archaic system with many employees who are old and physically unfit.\" The report acknowledges the heritage value of trams and its tourism potential. CTC chairman Shantilal Jain, who is also vouching for the LRT and gradual phasing out of the present system, has chalked out the areas where the surface trams introduced to attract tourists. The list includes Victoria Memorial, the Brigade Parade Grounds, Race Course and Rabindra Sarovar. New corridors will be earmarked for the LRT. It could be introduced in Salt Lake and Rajarhat which are relatively planned as opposed to the chance-elected city like Kolkata.What is heartening is that the economics of the ambitious plan could be well within reach. The Centre will fund the project on a PPP model. The tracks and other infrastructure can be provided by the government and the rolling stock (rakes etc) can be set up on a BOT (build-operate-transfer) basis. If Metro costs Rs 40 crore a km, LRT's infrastructural cost would be 40% of this.The urban development ministry has already planned 45-km LRT network for Delhi at an estimated cost of Rs 3,776 crore. According to studies, operating and maintenance cost for LRT for the year 2011-12 was estimated at Rs 112 cr. One such techno-economic feasibility study is now being planned for Kolkata.Two more reports by transport secretary, B P Gopalika, and DC (traffic) Dilip Bandopadhaya have made LRT the most feasible option for rejuvenation of trams. According to Gopalika's report, \"Trams are not considered befitting for new Kolkata and are regarded as hindrance to smooth traffic flow due to low speed and large size. So a multi-model transport is needed the different modes integrated.\"Bandopadhaaya, on the other hand, wrote: \"Trams cause disruptions to smooth traffic flow particularly in one-way streets like Lenin Sarani. Breakdown is a major problem since trams can't be removed easily. The concretization of tram rails has created problems ... it is essential to create the road space for private vehicles.\" The deputy commissioner of police, traffic, has, thus, voted for LRT save certain stretches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14859333", "title": "Ludhiana wrestles with grief as Dara passes away", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis mourned the loss of a friend and an idol as wrestler-turned-actor Dara Singh passed away on Thursday at 84. While his contemporaries remembered his passion for wrestling, those who followed his footsteps in making wrestling their career spoke of how he helped them along the way.Samer Singh, 50 \u2014 winner of Rustame Hind title in 1990, gold medals in Common Wealth Games , South Asian Games and several national games \u2014 said he was shocked by the news. \"I was 15 years old when Dara Singh came to Alamgir. He used to come there and motivate us for wrestling and also give tips. I stayed in touch with him and met him many times. I was also awarded the Bharat Kesri Khitab at Mananhare in Hoshiarpur by the icon,\" said Samer, who has an Akhada on Dhandra Road.Harmail Singh, a 38-year-old resident of Guru Nanak Colony and secretary of Indian style wrestling association, said, \"The greatest thing about him was that he loved wrestling and did not let go of it even after he turned an actor. He used to come to Ludhiana at Alamgir and promote wrestling. He also helped some wrestlers get roles in Dharmendra's movie 'Teesri Ankh'. His death has also snapped our relation with Mumbai.\"Eighty-four-year-old Sikander Singh, who was a contemporary of Dara Singh and started the famous Alamgir Akhara in Ludhiana, grieved that he had lost a great friend. \"I have always kept distance from film stars and asked my disciples to stay away too. But things were different with Dara Singh. We had a different relationship and he took many city-based wrestlers to Mumbai, even helping some land roles. While advising wrestlers he also helped them financially and even promoted them to settle abroad. A great friend is gone and the country has lost a great sports star, actor and a wonderful human being,\" said Sikander.Chairman of Professor Mohan Singh Memorial Foundation Jasdev Singh Jassowal, 77, said in 2001 they had honoured Dara Singh with \"Mahan Punjabi Puruskar\". \"I still remember him saying he has done farming, wrestling and acting but his dream was to set up a big studio in Punjab to promote actors in the state,\" he said. Lauding the iconic wrestler for establishing himself in different fields, Gurmail Singh Pehalwan, senior vice-president of Indian Style Wrestling Association and Punjab Kabaddi Association, said, \"We had invited him as chief guest in Kabaddi Cup in Anandpur Sahib. He meant much to all Indians and his death is a great loss to the world of wrestling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14862018", "title": "Palatak music launch", "text": "Director Nehal's film, Palatak, recently had its music release at a city club.The movie is based on Nabendu Ghoshs story, Aguner Ukti, and its music has been composed by Pt Tanmoy Bose. The film stars Soumitra Chatterjee, Ferdous, Biswajit Chakraborty, Ramen Roychowdhury, Sankar Chakraborty and Shoma De, among others.At the do, we spotted actor Papia Adhikary.The story is about Nilkanto and his journey as a jatra artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858424", "title": "Free cow scheme on the right track: Govt", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu government on Thursday confirmed reports of death of some cattle procured under the state's free milch cow scheme, but denied it had anything to do with an epidemic, procurement of sub-standard animals, or poor veterinary facilities.An insurance tie-up has ensured that all death-related claims are settled and in majority of cases, new animals provided to beneficiaries, said animal husbandry officials. Field staff are tracking the 15,000-odd milch cows distributed to the rural poor, thus ens8uring that the cows were not sold off, they said. TOI has reported on several cases where cattle distributed under AIADMK's showpiece scheme have died or were sold off. The department denied that a cow and a calf rescued from a butcher's shop in Chennai on Wednesday belonged to a beneficiary of the scheme. \"If any beneficiary does not take care of the animal, which is possible in a big scheme like this despite stringent guidelines, officials take immediate remedial action,\" said an official.Camps for ensuring reproductivity are also being conducted to identify animals with problems in conception and other infertility-related issues, he said. One of the challenges before the administration is to disseminate animal husbandry techniques and information on fodder, medicines, etc to those with no experience in rearing cows to boost milk production, which currently falls short of the targeted 10 litres per day per head.Dismissing reports that there was corruption in the process, the department said to ensure fairness, beneficiaries are empowered to form purchase-cum-vigilance committees that certify to the correctness of the procedure before veterinarians allow the seller to get the payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14858457", "title": "Manipal Arogya Card launched", "text": "MANGALORE: Manipal Arogya Card 2012 of Manipal University was launched here on Tuesday with the objective to provide quality healthcare at affordable cost to a large section of society. The card enables a member to avail several benefits by way of discounts on inpatient and out patient treatment in various networked hospitals under the Manipal Health Enterprises and Manipal University.KMC medical superintendent Madhusudan Upadya said by paying a small sum as membership fee anybody can obtain the membership and the person would receive the cost back as concessions from just two or three usages of the card. The membership is open till July 31.The card entitles for free consultation at KMC Hospital in Attavar; 50% discount on consultation at KMC Hospital, Ambedkar Circle; 25 per cent discount on all hospital charges (excluding consumables) in general ward IP admission; 20 per cent discount on preventive health check, dental treatment (excluding materials &amp; consumables), lab investigations and radiology (CT, MRI, Ultrasound, X-Ray etc) investigations; Up to 10 per cent discount on medicines and Rs50 discount on dialysis.Apart from KMC Hospital, Mangalore the benefits of Manipal Arogya Card can be availed at other network hospitals like Kasturba Hospital, Manipal, Dr TMA Pai Hospital Udupi and Karkala and Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Manipal and Mangalore.Manipal Arogya Card can be availed on pre-existing diseases as well.It is priced at Rs 250 for an individual card and Rs 500 for a family. Family includes the card holder, spouse and children below 21 years of age (any number of children).An add-on card is also available for the parents of primary card holders under the family card scheme for Rs 100 per parent.For the renewal of the card, a 10 per cent discount on membership fee is offered.For more details call: 98806 51100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858529", "title": "Mobile facility to preserve tomatoes", "text": "COIMBATORE: A mobile processing unit (MPU) has been designed and developed by the Indian Institute of Crop Processing Technology for the preservation of tomatoes and other perishable fruits.India is a top producer of fruits and vegetables in the world, but as a processor, the country lags far behind and ranks among the bottom three counties due to 30-50% post harvest losses of fresh agricultural produce. Due to the perishable nature of fruits and vegetables, farmers get a very low price during the harvest season due to a glut in the market. During the off season, they become expensive and affect consumers to a great extent. These price fluctuations directly impact the economy, resulting in an uneven distribution of commodities throughout the year.The MPU will help users avoid distress sale of produce and create an effective supply chain, through which farmers will directly benefit. The MPU is a post harvest infrastructure on wheels, which enables value addition of the tomato produce at the farmer's doorstep. This MPU can also process fruits like guava, pineapple, grapes, papaya and mango. The Unit can process jack, mushroom, and other vegetables with small modifications.\"I was there when the unit was tested at the collectorate in Coimbatore. Minister for agriculture S Damodaran also inspected the unit. We are getting positive feedback from farmers. As the monsoon has failed, farmers in Kinathukadavu and Madukkari are in distress. The unit which saves tomatoes from perishing is a gift to them,\" said W Vincent Manoharan, deputy director of the horticulture department.Senthil Kumar, a farmer, said he found the unit useful. \"We can make jam and juice from the unit. After the demo of the unit, I sampled the juice and it was delicious. Once jam is made, it can be stored and sold at a later date. So the unit is very useful,\" he said.The production capacity of this unit is 50kg/hour. The cost of production of one litre of tomato pulp is Rs 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858579", "title": "Teachers\u2019 body to fast for transparency in Bharathiar", "text": "COIMBATORE: Association of University Teachers (AUT) will hold a day long fast in the city on Saturday demanding transparency and clean administration at Bharathiar University.C Pichandy, the general secretary of AUT said in a press meet on Thursday that though they had earlier conducted protests and sent letters to the governor, chiefm, and other senior officials of the education department, no steps were taken to look into the alleged irregularities in the university.The term of the present Vice-Chancellor (VC), C Swaminathan would end by coming August. However, Pichandy said that in violation of the conventions and practices, the VC was conducting appointments to various posts in haste. He said that when the processes to the present registrar was being done in an arbitrary manner to select the person of the choice of the VC.The university appointed a 'research co-ordinator' in the office of the controller of examinations. The post is in violations of the rules and statutes, he said.The association also questioned several of the steps taken by the university administration. Meanwhile the university also took measures to award the Kongunadu College of Arts a grant from the UGC, called the College with Potential for Excellence (CPE) in violation of the UGC norms, he added. He added that the government must speed up the DVAC probe on the allegations of irregularities in the university in the past 3 years.AUT decided to conduct fast after no steps were taken to look into the alleged irregularities in Bharathiar University despite earlier protests", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14858430", "title": "Indian-origin boy rakes up 1,500 bill in live gaming", "text": "LONDON: Game over! A 12-year-old Indian-origin boy unknowingly raked up a 1,500 bill for his dad to fret on while playing live video games as he purchased online currency thinking them to be gaming points.Sam Anupam Ghera's son Nikhil thought he was using up game points every time he 'improved' his characters while playing Call of Duty and Fifa.However, with each click he was actually purchasing an online currency, which was draining money from his dad's account, the Daily Mail reported.Now Sam, from Wolverhampton in the West Midlands, wants to warn parents of the hidden costs lurking behind games consoles after he was left with a sky-high credit card bill.Sam, 48, had allowed Nikhil register his credit card details to cover the 5.99 monthly subscription fee so he could play X-Box Live with classmates.However, unbeknown to Sam, his card details were stored in the machine and his son was able to buy 'Microsoft Points' - an online currency which allows players to unlock new features - without having to enter a password. Between December and June Nikhil spent a wallet-busting 1,150. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14860919", "title": "Indian prisoners get 'tasteless' food in Pakistan", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian inmate Sarabjit Singh has reportedly expressed \"disappointment and sadness\" at the Pakistani government's turnaround over his release from Lahore Central Jail.His lawyer Awais Sheikh who met him in prison on Thursday told TOI: \"Sarabjit said that when news of his release flashed on television, jail staff and inmates arrived to congratulate him. But later when Sarabjit learnt it was not him (but another inmate Surjeet Singh who would be freed) he said he was rather disappointed and saddened,\" Sheikh said.Sarabjit also handed letters to Sheikh for his family members back in Jalandhar in Indian Punjab. \"He has also signed a plea for mercy to the (Pakistani) President on the occasion of the 65th independence day of Pakistan that comes up July 14,\" Sheikh said.He also requested his lawyer for books. Sarabjit reportedly complained about the food being served to Indian prisoners and urged Sheikh to taste some 'roti' and gravy preparation which the lawyer indeed found \"tasteless\".This was a rare day as Awais Sheikh was allowed to meet Sarabjit with no jail officials in attendance. \"Representatives of the CID and the anti-terrorism department chose to sit outside the barrack,\" the lawyer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856602", "title": "Passenger\u2019s body found near tracks", "text": "KANPUR: The body of a 25-year-old train passenger was found lying near the railway tracks close to Tatya Tope bridge in Barra. Eyewitnesses said that there were wounds on his head and other parts of the body.The police recovered a ticket from Gorakhpur to Lokmanya Tilak terminus in Mumbai from his possession.The passenger was identified as Balendra Singh Chauhan, a resident of Madhwa village in Deoria on the basis of diary recovered from his pocket. He might have been pushed out of a moving train due to altercation. The matter has been brought to the notice of the Deoria police to locate his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858197", "title": "'No admission' notice issued to TN engg college", "text": "CHENNAI: The All India Council for Technical Education has banned an engineering college in the state from admitting students this academic year. The council issued a 'No Admission' notice to Odayappa Engineering College, just ahead of the admission process.The general academic counselling for admission to engineering colleges in the state begins on Friday. As many as 1,69,473 candidates will choose their engineering colleges and courses through the month-long online process, which ends on August 13.The AICTE issued showcause notices to 71 technical institutions in June over poor infrastructure or lack of faculty members and threatened to withdraw approval of more than one college for not meeting the council's norms. \"We are still examining a few other colleges and will soon decide whether or not we should issue 'No Admission' notices to them as well,\" a senior AICTE official said. Odayappa College has filed a case against the order in court, sources said.Officials in charge of the Tamil Nadu engineering admissions process on Thursday said only 499 of the 504 existing engineering colleges were given the go-ahead to take part in the admission process. The AICTE approved 13 new engineering colleges this year.Academicians said more existing engineering colleges should be closed because they do not meet the quality standards set by the council. \"The information has come a little late. What if the college had already started admitting students under the management quota? But at least it was announced before the government quota seats were filled,\" said a senior academician.The AICTE had last year withdrawn approval to four engineering colleges in the state. The council struck off its list of eligible colleges Dr GU Pope College of Engineering, Jayaraj Annapackiam CSI College of Engineering, Padmavathi College of Engineering and VKK Vijayan Engineering Colleges.Many engineering colleges get conditional approval from the council when they start with the promise that they will fulfil the norms as early as possible, but most go back on their word, said a senior professor in the directorate of technical education. \"They continue to run the institutions without the infrastructure and faculty necessary, cheating students and the affiliating body. They ought to be banned,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14859314", "title": "Australian-Irish Chris delights with ghazals", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dressed in kurta pyjama and with a white turban and flowing beard, Australian-Irish Chris Mooney Singh drew a lot of attention when he met with a group of Ludhianvis at a restaurant in Sarabha Nagar on Wednesday evening.Chris, who converted to Sikhism in 1989 and since then has been preaching about the religion and researching Sikh musical tradition, mesmerized the audience with his stories and English ghazals. The event was organized by Sarabha Nagar-resident Jasmit Kaur Kukreja, a poetess and singer.Chris shared how he got attracted to Sikh music and rabab, the sacred instrument that was used by Maradana, the disciple of Guru Nanak Dev. \"I found the rabab that I was looking for at a gurdwara in Mandi, Himachal Pradesh and got a similar one made for myself. It is actually the first symbol of Sikhism,\" said Chris, who is now settled in Singapore and keeps visiting India.On Jasmit's request, Chris sang a few of his ghazals in English. Jasmit followed it up with some of her Sufi couplets. She gifted Chris her short stories book \"Chamkan Tare\" who in return gifted his book of poems \"The Bearded Chameleon\".Amazed by Chris' poetry, Preet Chandoke and Harjinder Singh from Gurdev Nagar, asked him many questions. Answering to one, Chris said he feels he had a connection with Sikhism in another life.Jagmohan Singh, 53, a writer and human rights activist from BRS Nagar, who enjoyed the evening with his 46-year-old wife Kiranjit Kaur said he is a close friend of Chris. \"He is working to revive rabab and is also doing a PhD on the topic 'Bamboo in the back yard' about the Asian and Indian influence on Australian-English poetry,\" said Jagmohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856372", "title": "P A Sangma doesn't enjoy support of many Adivasi organizations: Indian Confederation of Indigenous and Tribal Peoples", "text": "GUWAHATI: The presidential election has taken a new twist with Indian Confederation of Indigenous and Tribal Peoples (ICITP) opposing P A Sangma's candidature in the election, saying that the former Lok Sabha speaker does not have the support of many Adivasi organizations of the country.Though Sangma has been projecting himself as the tribal candidate for the 13th presidential election, ICITP, which represents 310 Adivasi organizations, said it would have been happy if Meghalaya governor and former director general of Border Security Force, R S Mooshahary, was considered as a representative of Adivasi community for the presidential polls.\"Mooshahary is a man of impeccable integrity and non-controversial person committed to working for an exploitation-free society. Apart from his excellent service records as an IPS officer and governor, Mooshahary is an Adivasi Ratna. The ICITP, after a series of consultations with its 310-member organizations, unanimously agreed to consider RS Mooshahary to represent the Adivasis as the consensus candidate. We appeal to all political parties to consider his candidature to provide an opportunity to serve the nation,\" said ICITP chief adviser Jebra Ram Muchahary in a press statement.Opposing Sangma's tribal candidature, Muchahary said that the former Lok Sabha speaker did not enjoy the consensus of many Adivasi organizations. He alleged that the Tribal Forum of India (TFI), which is backing Sangma, did not enjoy the support of majority of Adivasis or tribal organizations in the country.\"Sangma does not have the support of majority of Adivasis organizations. The ICITP wants an Adivasi president on the basis of social justice and not on mere political interest. We are also not happy to see Pranab Mukherjee or PA fighting for the President's post. Therefore, we feel that the sentiments of 100 million Adivasis in India has been once again ignored by political parties of country,\" said Muchahary.Sangma's supporters, however, denied all charges of ICITP, arguing that the former Lok Sabha speaker was one of the most towering tribal leaders in national politics and his candidature has the support of all tribals in the country.\"Sangma is one of the few tribal leaders who made a mark in national politics. The tribals wanted someone from their community to contest the presidential poll, and Sangma is the right candidate,\" said a Sangma supporter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858362", "title": "Govt woos Mamata Banerjee, no change in Forward Contracts Act now", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unwilling to offend restive UPA partner, Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee , before elections for the President and Vice-President, the Union Cabinet on Thursday deferred a decision on amending the Forward Contracts Regulation Act.The proposed changes are designed to make the rapidly expanding commodities market more transparent and secure. Trinamool had objected to the proposal, saying it would encourage speculation to the detriment of producers and consumers.Although the changes, cleared by the standing committee, were on the agenda, the Cabinet put off a discussion to avert any confrontation with Mamata when she is already smarting from her failure to thwart Pranab Mukherjee from being selected as the UPA nominee for the July 19 presidential poll. She has so far refrained from spelling out her stance on the presidential poll, ignoring appeals from both the UPA and the NDA to support their respective nominees. In an interesting move, she has decided to corral all her MLAs and MPs in Kolkata to prevent poaching by the Congress.Trinamool sources acknowledge the fear of cross-voting by some of its members who are being aggressively \"worked upon\" by supporters of the UPA nominee. Mukherjee is already home and dry, but desertions from Mamata's flock will be a blow to her leadership.While it might dismay those who want the government to defy Mamata's resistance to press ahead with reform measures, the play-itsafe manoeuvre points to the government's anxiety not to gut its bridges with the Trinamool boss when efforts are still on to persuade her to vote for Mukherjee.A section in the Congress is against precipitating matters with Mamata also because they don't consider SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, seen by many as a counterfoil to her political bullying, to be trustworthy enough.Mulayam's moves during the run-up to the selection of the UPA nominee for Rashtrapati Bhavan is seen as a cautionary tale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858328", "title": "HC stops printing of translated book citing copyright violation", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has restrained the CPI-affiliated publishing house - New Century Book House (P) Ltd - from printing or selling a Tamil book 'Valgavilirundu Gangai Varai'. Valgavilirundu Gangai Varai is the translated version of Rahul Sankrityayan's hindi book 'Volga Se Ganga.'Justice R Subbiah, passed orders on a civil suit filed by K Meenakshi, who holds the copyright for the book. Meenakshi submitted that the hindi version of the book was translated into Tamil and published by her father K N Muthiah since 1949. The copyright for the book was devolved on her after his demise. However, since December 2011, New Century Book House had been infringing upon copyright by printing and selling the book in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858732", "title": "Chandigarh gets set to celebrate Teej", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The arrival of monsoon gives many a reason to cheer and celebrate. With Teej round the corner, the city is all set to celebrate it with a bang. The municipal corporation will celebrate the festival on July 21, Rajasthan Bhawan on July 22 and Bharat Vikas Parishad on July 28.MC will celebrate it at Dalhia Garden, opposite Fragrance Garden, Sector 36. The decision was taken in a meeting of art, sports and culture committee of the civic body. A renowned singer will enthrall the audience in the event that will have heritage collections of Punjab and Haryana as the main attraction. Henna stalls, phulkari, painting exhibitions, traditional food and crafts and folk dance and songs will be the added features.The festivities at Rajasthan Bhawan, Sector 33, willl see over 250 Rajasthanis getting together for the day. President of the bhawan Shanti Lal Setia said, \"Children and youth of the community will dance on traditional numbers. As everyone will be dressed to the nines, the best dressed couple and children will get prizes. And what will add flavour to the ceremonies will be the traditional delicacies, like ghevar, malpura, panchkuda, kairsangari and gatta, among others.\"Bharat Vikas Parishad will celebrate Teej at SD School-24. Secretary of the parishad Ashok Singhal said, \"Cultural function will mark the day. Traditional songs will take the centre stage. Various competitions will be organized and winners awarded. There will be many mouth-watering delicacies too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857424", "title": "Jungle theme a hit at XISS freshers' day", "text": "RANCHI: Seniors applauded on Thursday as freshers of the information technology (IT) department at Xavier's Institute of Social Services (XISS) walked the ramp, dressed up in various animal attires like peacock, lion and zebra. The occasion was freshers' day and the theme was \"jungle\".The ramp walk was all about introduction of freshers and seniors. Kusum Aggarwal, a fresher, said, \"It is an honour for me to get admission to such a renowned institution and now I can be sure that my future will be bright.\"The students, both seniors and freshers, showcased their dancing and singing skill. The programme started with a dance by the students of second year who performed on a Rajasthani folk dance. The performance was followed by the melodious voice of Manshdeep Kaur of second year who sang \"lambi judai\", the famous number by Reshma.The dance that received most cheers was \"lavni\" style on fusion of various Hindi and Marathi songs, performed by the students of the second year.Riddhima, a second-year student of marketing and finance, said, \"The programme as well as the theme was really good and I enjoyed every moment of it. But our freshers' day will be even better.\"S N Singh, the head of department, welcomed the students saying that they had chosen a good institute to study and would definitely be benefited in the future. XISS director Fr Alex Ekka said, \"I hope the students enjoy and learn a lot during their session here and leave the college with a degree and a good job in hand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861754", "title": "Tom Cruise to see daughter Suri 'very soon'", "text": "Tom Cruise's lawyer has said that the actor, who is \"still saddened and shocked\" by the split, is planning to see his daughter Suri \"very soon.\"The 'Mission Impossible' star is struggling to get to grips with being dumped by Katie Holmes after five years of marriage.The father and daughter have been apart for almost a month but have been speaking regularly on the phone.\"Tom will be seeing Suri very soon, I don't know exactly when that will be, and I couldn't tell you, but I do know it will be very soon,\" the Daily Mail quoted Cruise's lawyer, Bert Fields, as telling Radar Online.\"Tom loves his Suri very, very much, as he does his other two children. Tom is a family man, and dedicated to his children. They are the center of his world,\" he added.Although the divorce settlement was done swiftly, Cruise is \"still tremendously saddened and shocked about the divorce.\"\"Tom is obviously relieved that the settlement was reached, but is still sad, obviously,\" the lawyer said.Holmes has sole custody of Suri as part of the settlement agreement, but the actor will have substantial visitation rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14860492", "title": "Brett Lee: Smiling assassin who made India his second home", "text": "MELBOURNE: One of the world's fastest bowlers who made India his second home, Australia's Brett Lee on Friday announced his retirement from international cricket ending an injury-ravaged career that spanned 13 years.Brett Lee ProfileThe 35-year-old affable pacer, who retired from Test cricket in 2010, had been most recently laid low by a calf injury.Lee, a part-time bass guitarist who enjoys a huge fan-base in India, said he could not carry on anymore given the suffering his body has endured.\"It has been a dream career, I guess, 13 years at the top. I couldn't ask for much more,\" Lee told 'Channel Nine'.Lee said he had initially planned to retire after the upcoming World Twenty20 tournament in Sri Lanka .\"Thirteen years, Friday the 13th, it's appropriate for me to go. I woke up this morning after not much sleep and it's the right time to go. It just came to me this morning and I just felt it's the right time to leave the game.\"It's been in the back of my mind for a few months.\" Lee said he was happy to have played \"in a fantastic era, playing with the likes of Shane Warne , Glenn McGrath and Adam Gilchrist , Steve and Mark Waugh , heroes of mine growing up\".\"It's now stage two of my life coming up so I'm pretty happy and pretty excited. My holiday will be at home, I'm sick of being away.\"The pacer retired from Test cricket in February 2010 after taking 310 wickets in 76 matches.He continued playing for Australia in one-day matches and in the Twenty20 arena. International retirement notwithstanding, Lee will continue playing in the Australian Big Bash and Indian Premier league.Rated among the most fearsome fast bowlers in modern era, the ever-smiling six-footer took 380 wickets in 221 one-day internationals and 28 wickets from 25 Twenty20 appearances for Australia.Interestingly his Test career began against India, a country he frequents for reasons beyond cricket.It was a sensational debut in 1999 as Lee grabbed seven wickets -- five in the first innings itself to announce his arrival at the international stage.But the promise he held out at the start of his career was hampered by frustrating injury breakdowns. The speedster underwent as many as four surgeries on his right ankle itself besides enduring shoulder problems.However, that didn't affect his commercial appeal either in Australia or India, where he collaborated with the legendary Asha Bhonsle for a hit song and made a cameo appearance as himself in a Bollywood movie.He was a member of the 2003 World Cup-winning team in South Africa but missed the next edition in the West Indies due to an ankle injury.\"I look back to when I was 19, and while I hope (my injuries) never happen to anyone else, it's a fact that when you bowl fast injuries happen,\" he has said.\"You have to deal with it and you have to learn from what's happened because it makes you a stronger person. I have a saying 'if you're not living on the edge you're taking up too much space' - it means have a crack.\"Lee's decision to retire leaves him just one wicket shy of Glenn McGrath's Australian record of 381 ODI scalps.In fact, in nine Tests following McGrath's departure, Lee clinched 58 wickets at 21.55 and also won the Allan Border Medal in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14856356", "title": "United Naga Council calls 96-hour bandh in Naga areas of Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: The United Naga Council (UNC) has given a a four-day total bandh call in Naga areas of the state from July 23 midnight to denounce what it termed as the indifferent attitude of the government to its long standing demand for alternative arrangement of the Nagas in the state.The strife-torn state has already faced a mild inflation after the Southern Angamai Youth Organization (SAYO) enforced a 96-hour \"total bandh' along NH 2 ( Imphal-Dimapur route) in Nagaland from Wednesday noon. The strike has been called in protest against the recent hijacking of a mini-truck from Kohima by four miscreants from Manipur.The UNC bandh covers railway line construction, oil exploration and other central government projects, a statement issued by the publicity wing of the UNC, a conglomerate of several Naga civil and student bodies of the state.A 48-hour total bandh in Naga areas was imposed from the midnight of June 16 to protest against lack of sincerity of central and state government in taking forward the dialogue's democratic process on the demand for an alternative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur outside the state government, the UNC statement read. The demand for an alternative arrangement is for immediate intervention, pending settlement of the Indo-Naga issue, it said.Even after a lapse of three weeks of having publicly registered the protest, no initiative has been taken up for taking dialogue to its logical end, the UNC alleged. During zero hour of the ongoing budget session, an opposition legislator on Wednesday urged the government to take a serious note of the proposed UNC bandh .On the other hand, the indefinite closure of fuel outlets in valley districts for the last couple of days to denounce the torching of pump towers by suspected rebels has forced a large number of goods and passenger vehicles to stop service.People are forced to pay Rs 150 to Rs 200 for a litre of petrol in the grey market even as the government is urging the owners to open fuel outlets to resolve the fuel crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857380", "title": "'Actor\u2019s SIM may be used to nail duo'", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Thursday filed a chargsheet against two film artistes in the murder case of actor Minakshi Thapa.The accused, Amit Jaiswal and Prity Surin, have been charged with Thapa's murder. According to the police, the victim's debit card and SIM card, which were recovered from the accused, are \"clinching evidence\" in the case. A knife that was used to kill Thapa will be used to nail the culprits, said cops. The accused have been booked under IPC sections including 364 (A) (kidnapping for ransom), 302 (murder), 404 (dishonest misappropriation of property possessed by a deceased person at the time of his death), 202 (destruction of evidence), 120 (B) (criminal conspiracy) and various sections of the Information Technology Act.Cops have obtained the CCTV footage from ATMs, which shows Jaiswal withdrawing cash using Thapa's card. The 807-page chargesheet lists 94 witnessesand contains call data records. The victim's headless body was recovered from a water tank in Allahabad on April 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14861062", "title": "Nutrition experts worried over compromise made on infant's health", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nutrition experts in India are worried that infants may be silently suffering from reduced nutrient content in their milk update as a result of common household practices leading to malnutrition, health imbalances and high rate of mortality.Experts from National Institute of Nutrition and leading hospitals have said that significant compromise is being made on infant's health as mother's milk is being substituted for a variety of reasons in the first year itself when they are most prone to infections and illness. These inappropriate household practices comprise of supplementing cow's milk with water, premature introduction of diluted cow's milk and heating or removing fat content from cow's milk improperly.This trend is mirrored even in NFHS-3, which states that only 69% of Indian infants below two months get exclusive breastfeeding and between 2 and 3 months, exclusive breastfeeding falls to 51% and declines further to 28% between 4 and 5 months of age. The decline occurs because mothers supplement milk with plain water initially, and later with bovine milk (cow or buffalo).Says Dr B Sesikeran, Director, National Institute of Nutrition, \"Although feeding infants cow's milk is more than a thousand-year-old tradition in India, it's an unsafe practice in the modern context where antibiotics and pesticides are detected in high levels in bovine milk. Cow's milk is nutritionally inadequate for fast-developing babies.\"Last but not the least, usage of cow's milk could be contributing to 50% of children in India being severely malnourished. Whole cow's milk does not contain sufficient vitamin E or essential fatty acids. Worse, pesticide residues, heavy metals and even detergents have been detected in cow's milkAll these factors are leading to low delivery of nutrients, causing malnutrition during the tender years itself, as well as the high risk of contamination and adulteration endangering infants' lives. Mothers, for their part, seem to be oblivious that infants should be exclusively breastfed for the first six months at least and preferably on demand till the age of two as recommended by WHO, UNICEF and the national guidelines. This is because the formative months and years are critical for the baby's healthy growth and rapid development, including weight gain.According to Manju Mathur, Chief Dietician, Govt. Medical College and Hospital, Chandigarh, \"Mothers milk is sterile and considered best for the baby. It contains exact amount of nutrients like lactose, proteins, iron, calcium, Ig A, IgB, etc needed by the baby for healthy growth, brain development and digestion. Breast milk contains antibodies and macrophages that kill bacteria, fungi and viruses. It provides protection from many diseases like bronchitis, botulism, German measles; etc. On the contrary, cow's milk has proteins that are difficult for the baby to digest and also higher contents of protein, sodium and potassium puts strain in the kidneys. It provides no immunity as compared to mother's milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858355", "title": "Cop dies after op to remove appendix", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old police constable attached to the MGR Nagar police station, who was declared brain dead after a burst appendix turned septic, was declared dead on Thursday.Police said D Subin, a native of Nagercoil, collapsed at midnight on Tuesday when he returned to his room near the station. Policemen who lived with Subin took him to a private hospital in K K Nagar. \"The doctors at the hospital informed the policemen that the appendix had to be removed as it had infected his organs,\" Subin's elder brother Jeyan said. \"Subin slipped into a coma after the operation.\"Subin developed further complications and doctors at the hospital moved him to Vijaya Hospital in Vadapalani where doctors said he was brain dead.Doctors on Thursday declared Subin dead and his body was shifted to Government General Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856360", "title": "Guwahati: Four-day Summer fest begins in the city", "text": "GUWAHATI: A four-day summer cultural festival organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations and the North East Zone Cultural Centre commenced on Thursday. The first day saw performances of Chekiye Women Cultural Group of Nagaland and a sattriya dance group from Assam.The four day festival will include traditional performances along with fusion and rock events to attract people of all age groups. The festival will give the public a chance to enjoy the traditional dance and music forms along with contemporary fusion, funk and experimental genres of music.The festival will commence from July 12 to July 15. The aim of the event is to showcase the region's cultural diversity and its rich traditional dance forms. The event will include traditional dance performances like Mizo folk dance, an adi ponung troupe from Arunachal Pradesh and folk dances of Assam by the Asom Sanskritik Mancha. In the song category performance, there will be musical tribute to Bhupen Hazarika and performances by modern fusion, rock and experimental funk rock bands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857097", "title": "Dump the Mavallipura landfill", "text": "BANGALORE: Flooded with complaints from residents of Mavallipura, off Yelahanka, the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board has asked the BBMP to shut down the garbage dumpyard there.KSPCB asked BBMP to choose alternative sites to dump the city's garbage, listing Mandur near KR Puram and Doddaballapur as possible locations. It suggested the civic body stops supply of Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) till the accumulated waste in Mavallipura gets completely processed.KSPCB chairman AS Sadashivaiah said ever since BBMP has been authorized to dump garbage there, it has, at regular intervals, shown non-compliance with the clauses of the agreement. Ramky, the private company running the landfill and process waste as per certain guidelines, has comprehensively failed to comply with any of the norms, KSPCB said.Instead, it has simply dug massive pits (over 40 ft deep and several acres across) to dump waste. As it now exists, unprocessed waste towers over these pits as massive hillocks, putting at risk the lives of residents of 12 nearby villages.\"The excess MSW from Mavallipura can easily be shifted to Mandur landfill near KR Puram. Apart from health issues, operators can well save on transportation charges, which stand at a whopping Rs 400 crore as of today, if they design a local processing facility,\" said Sadashivaiah.How Chennai does itIn Chennai, nearly 4,500 tonnes of garbage generated by the 426 sq km city are dumped into two dumpyards at Kodangaiyur and Perungudi. The garbage is not segregated before it is dumped. After protests by locals about health hazards, the city corporation recently introduced tenders inviting people and corporates to come up with ways to scientifically close the dumping grounds and set up Integrated Solid Waste Management Plants. Here, garbage is incinerated to produce electricity, and a landfill will not be required in future.Handling Gone AwryThough it has permission from KSPCB to handle up to 500 tonnes every day, Ramky's capacity is 300 tonnes of garbage per day. Currently, between 750 tonnes and 1000 tonnes get dumped there every day. Over the years, this has resulted in piling up of garbage.Garbage dumping in the open is the bigger problem, more so with treatment being insufficient to recycle and reuse the waste.On Thursday, a group of Mavallipura residents led by Leo Saldanha, co-ordinator, Environment Support Group, met the KSPCB chairman and officials and explained the health hazards there. Almost everyone in the villages suffers from gastrointestinal problems and skin disorders. Water sources have been polluted and the worst affected are women and kids, claimed villagers. Residents pointed out that the landfill is also within the Arkavathy river basin, a major drinking water source for Bangalore.Aviation safetyMavallipura landfill attracts scavenger birds (vultures, eagles, etc) and thus seriously compromises aviation safety. According to highly placed sources, 11 of 55 training aircraft at the Yelahanka Defence Training Base suffered from bird hits in the past year alone. In recent years, there have also been accidents resulting in deaths of IAF pilots at the base. The Bengaluru International Airport is less than 20km from the landfill, and it's currently adding a second runway. This will increase air traffic in this area and the landfill problem will put more aircraft vulnerable to bird hits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14860677", "title": "Talaash to miss its 2012 deadline", "text": "On July 8,we told you how,unable to hold back his finicky self,Aamir Khan asked the director of Talaash,Reema Kagti to change portions from the second half of the film.A meeting between the actor,the director and producers Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani at Khan's Bandra residence turned ugly when Kagti put her foot down and refused to reshoot.And now,the actor seems to have worked out his repartee.Aamir,who was supposed to fly back to Mumbai from his Dhoom 3 shoot in Chicago,to promote the film,has scrapped the plan.In fact,the dates will now be used for shooting Rajkumar Hirani's Peekay.Needless to say,this sudden change of heart has left the makers of Talaash in a fix.The film in all probability will now hit the theatres in 2013,after the actor finishes his other commitments. A source close to the actor revealed,Aamir will be shooting for Dhoom 3 from October to January 2013.He will take a break in November or December for the first schedule of Hirani's project.Other than that,he will not be in Mumbai for anything.The actor's choc-a-bloc calendar needless to say,puts the Farhan Akhtar-Ritesh Sidhwani production in a fix.Aamir seriously feels that Talaash needs rework.Now the team has two options.They can either go ahead and release the film without their lead actor,which could prove disastrous since Aamir films do well only when he is involved with the project.Or,they can wait for the actor to finish shooting Dhoom 3 in Chicago and return to take charge of Talaash , said the source.Either way,director Kagti has very little choice but to grin and bear it.Talaash had already been delayed by a few months.And a certain section of the industry believes Aamir may want Dhoom 3 to hit the theatres first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14857981", "title": "Chief secretary to power department: Recover 1,700 crore in one month", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cracking the whip on the energy department and demanding better recovery, chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Thursday said the government must recover Rs 1,700 crore as dues within the next one month. Usmani also ordered the department to monitor the effectiveness of 14 lakh single-phase meters and submit a report to him.Emphasising the need for regularising power collections in illegal housing colonies, Usmani also said a simple procedure needed to be formulated in order to increase revenue earnings for the power department.Reviewing revenue earnings, production and capacity building initiatives of the energy department, Usmani also said the Aerial Bunched Cable ( ABC ) conductors should be installed in all areas where large-scale cases of power theft were reported and a drive to install new meters should be taken up. Usmani also said recovery of dues should be taken up on priority basis from commercial establishments, including small and medium-scale enterprises.Also taking up the need for overhauling the power production units in order to increase production capacity, the chief secretary said a time table should be prepared for undertake these works immediately. A request to take up projects that were delayed due to technical concerns with the BHEL was also sent to secretary, department of heavy industries, Government of India.For transporting coal to private sector units at Anpara C and Rosa, the chief secretary instructed the energy department to meet with the Railway board and make railway wagons available. Usmani also said officials should use the Case II bidding process to invite price bid proposals for the Jawaharpur thermal power plant. Assessing the progress of other power projects in the state, Usmani asked the district administration of Allahabad to acquire land for setting up the Karchana thermal power plant; he also said Case I bids should be invited for setting up a 6000 MW unit immediately.On Thursday, Usmani also reviewed two contenders from UP, for the Prime Minister's award for excellence in public administration. This year, two proposals -one by cane commissioner Kamran Rizvi on behalf of the cane department and a total sanitation campaign in Badaun - are frontrunners for the award.Usmani said the proposals would be presented at a meeting of all divisional commissioners and subsequently, will also be shown to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .On Thursday, Usmani also reviewed the status of storage facilities for the state's grains. Asking authorities to prepare, in advance, for storing the Kharif produce, Usmani said the government would not permit storing Kharif food grains in the open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856860", "title": "MDI Chowk to soon have both underpass, flyover", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to build an underpass and a flyover at MDI Chowk. The decision was taken at a meeting held by the MCG commissioner on Thursday, in which senior officials from the traffic police department, HUDA and department of town and country planning (DTCP) attended.The MCG has already decided to construct a flyover at Mahavir Chowk, near the Civil Hospital, but nothing much has been done in that regard so far. It was also decided in the meeting to create a dedicated corridor for the Maruti trailers so that they can easily access the national highway instead of mingling with the city traffic.According to the MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, both an underpass and a flyover are needed at this roundabout because of the manifold increase in the traffic volume. \"There has been a huge increase in the traffic from two directions that merge at the chowk resulting in traffic congestion, \"said Rajpal.The chief engineer also stressed the need for both - underpass and flyover - at the roundabout. \"The feasibility report prepared by the consultant we had appointed has been approved by the commissioner and now we have asked the consultant to prepare a detailed project report (DPR). Either an underpass or a flyover by itself would not have solved the problem,\" said B S Singroha, chief engineer, MCG.By having a dedicated corridor for the Maruti trailers, the authorities are hoping that the Old Delhi-Gurgaon road will get unclogged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14858037", "title": "High court issues notice to National Aids Control Organization", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday issued notice to the National Aids Control Organization (NACO) over a PIL demanding a change in standard testing method for detection of HIV prior to blood transfusion. It demanded adoption of a faster method of detection.One Babulal Thakkar filed the PIL citing a TOI report on the new method of testing. Thakkar has identified himself as a lecturer from Ahmedabad. He requested the court to direct the authorities including NACO to do away with the present method of detecting HIV in India, which through the Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) test or the anti body test.Arguing in person, Thakkar submitted that ELISA test has a window period of three months, and hence the risk in blood transfusion increases. Thakkar has sought this method to be replaced by Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test, where there is no window period.\"In India, in standard HIV testing the PCR test is not included for reasons best known to the governments both state and Centre,\" the PIL read. He has claimed that in 2006 the NACO had announced that India was first country in Asia to have introduced PCR test. The petitioner complained that even after six years of announcement, the PCR was not used for testing of blood for HIV infection.After hearing Thakkar, a bench of Justices Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala issued notice to NACO, and kept further hearing on August 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14858870", "title": "Maharashtra babus profiting from terror business", "text": "MUMBAI: On the eve of the first anniversary of 13/7, another terror-response purchase \u2014that of speedboats at reportedly exorbitant pricescame under a cloud as opposition leader Eknath Khadse demanded an inquiry.This is the third instance after bomb disposal suits and total containment vehicles\u2014where deals involving purchase of equipment by the government to tackle terrorism have attracted allegations of corruption. Some even accuse bureaucrats of profiting from the 'business of terror'.Officials making quick buck from terror-response purchases?Lives have been lost in terror attacks on Mumbai with disquieting periodicity but even that has not stirred our administrators into abandoning their avarice. As corruption charges around major terror-response purchases display, for many officials it remains 'business' as usual irrespective of the consequences for the city. A high-ranking police officer said the bureaucrats and IPS officials tasked with buying terror-response equipment are either working without application of mind or have yielded to businessmen . \"The deals are shocking. In many cases, the payment was made in advance but the goods were not received. We are buying key items at inflated prices,\" the officer said.In the wake of 26/11, the state decided to improve its preparedness for terror attacks by giving law-enforcement agencies better resources. Over time, tenders were issued for bomb disposal suits, total containment vessels, speedboats, bulletproof jackets. Today, however, at least three of the purchases are caught in allegations of corruption and one is stuck.One of the most glaring instances of official indifference to the safety of security personnel was the purchase of bomb disposal suits. After 26/11, the home department floated a tender for the supply of 82 of such suits and awarded the contract to businessman Bimal Agarwal's firm, Techno Trade Impex India. The complete payment of Rs 6.25 crore was made to the firm in March 2009, even though it had not delivered any suits. The suits, in fact, did not come till late 2011. After an official complained, a probe was launched and later an FIR filed. Agarwal's firm has now been blacklisted by the home department.The bomb disposal suit case was paralleled by the instance of total containment vessels, which are used for disposing of explosives. The home department finalized a deal with a company of Bimal Agarwal to provide these vehicles for Rs 6.24 crore each. The price, as it turned out, was double the rate paid by some others for a more advanced version of the vehicle. The contract was cancelled.Another controversy to hit the state was over the purchase of speedboats for coastal security. An RTI query revealed that while procuring speedboats, the home department allegedly favoured a firm controlled by senior PWP leader Jayant Patil's son. The department placed an order for 29 speedboats at the cost of Rs 53.55 crore, which was reportedly higher than the market price.In addition, there was the case of bulletproof jackets. The state tried procuring these jackets in 2010 and, when they did not meet the prescribed specifications, placed an order with the Centre in 2011. The jackets , however, are yet to arrive.A former DGP said suppliers have strong ties in the home department. \"There is manipulation at all levels. We don't have a definite policy to procure equipment to tackle terrorism. Given how things are, I am not sure we will be able to ward off attacks.\"Weak defenceWakened by 26/11, the state resolved to improve its preparedness for terror attacks by providing law-enforcement agencies with better resources. But for many in the administration, it remained business as usual. At least four of the purchases are either stuck or mired in corruption chargesBomb disposal suitsThe home department awarded a contract for 82 bomb disposal suits to businessman Bimal Agarwal's firm Techno Trade Impex India. On March 31, 2009, the entire payment of Rs 6.25 crore was made to the firm. But the suits were not delivered even until September 2011. The state said the samples of suits provided by the firm were inferior, which violated the contract. A probe was launched and, after the EOW found indication of cheating, an FIR was filedTOI's frontpage report on Sept 29, 2011, led to a probeTotal containment vesselsThe state government contracted a company in 2009 for total containment vessels\u2014that are used for disposing of explosive devices\u2014at Rs 6.24 crore per vessel. The price was nearly double the rate paid by Mumbai International Airport Ltd and Delhi International Airport Ltd for a more advanced version of the vehicle. The contract to Bimal Agarwal's Technograde Impex was cancelled after then Mumbai police chief raised an objectionThe issue was highlighted by TOI in the June 28, 2012, editionSpeedboats", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14859294", "title": "Temperature rises as rain clouds drift away", "text": "BHOPAL: Hot and humid weather conditions are back in Bhopal and other parts of the state after the monsoon clouds drifted towards the northern India, weather office said.In the absence of any low pressure area, the weatherman ruled out any respite in near future.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, said the monsoon clouds over the central India have moved towards the northern parts of the country. Heavy rainfall in the foothills of Himalayas are being attributed to the same. The temperature which dropped last week after rains climbed up to a few notches above the normal mark. Maximum and minimum temperatures in four major cities-Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 35.1 and 23.2 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 34.0 (+3) degrees and a minimum of 25.2 (+2) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 33.0 (+3) degrees and minimum at 23.2 (00) degrees C. Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 35.1 (00) degrees and minimum of 27.3 (+1) degrees Celsius. The maximum and minimum temperatures at Jabalpur was recorded at 33.1 (+2) and 25.8 (+2) degrees Celsius respectively.The weather office said the possibilities of widespread rains are bleak on Friday and mild showers could be witnessed at a few places due to local weather condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857313", "title": "Late rain results in bad crop, tomato prices pinch pockets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A massive rise - an average of Rs 20 per kg - in the price of tomatoes has stumped Delhiites. Delayed rain over northwest India has led to a poor crop because of which the vegetable is being sold for Rs 50-55 per kg across the city. The rain deficit formula is also being applied to other vegetables even though there is no significant change in their availability, leading to a rise of Rs 2-20 in prices in the past week.\"Late rain over northwest India ruined the tomato crop in Himachal Pradesh and other neighbouring regions from where Delhi gets its supply. We are not expecting a further rise in prices now but a fall should happen in the next two weeks. Now that it has rained, the situation has improved,\" said Rajendra Sharma at the Azadpur wholesale market. The price of tomato in the market went up from an average of Rs 8 per kg on July 2 to Rs 18 per kg on July 12.Sources said that prices of certain other vegetables had gone up marginally this month, including those of potato and lady's finger, adding that it was a routine rise. \"Other than tomato, there is no perceptible change in the price of anything else. If retail rates are high, the government should take action,\" said sources in Delhi Agriculture Marketing Board.In east Delhi, a kg of cauliflower has gone up from Rs 40 per kg in the end of June to Rs 60 per kg. The price of lemon has come down from Rs 32 per kg to Rs 30 per kg in two weeks. Its retail rate is Rs 80 per kg.\"Prices have been going up but the rise in tomato prices was very sudden. In about four days the price shot up by almost Rs 20 per kg. Vegetables for a week don't cost less than Rs 500,\" said Sudha Joshi, a resident of Patparganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14856658", "title": "Lawyers' strike hits courts", "text": "YAVATMAL: Judicial work at all the courts, including the Yavatmal district court, was paralysed due to the two-day all India lawyers' strike on July 11 and 12 to protest the bills proposed by the Union Human Resource Development (HRD) ministry.The ministry has proposed two bills, namely 'Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011' and 'National Accreditation Regulatory Authority of India, 2010'.The strike was a success in Yavatmal as the legal fraternity en bloc joined the strike. According to the lawyers, the proposed bills would take away important academic regulatory powers from the Bar Council of India (BCI).A delegation of lawyers from the Yavatmal District Bar Association, led by Adv Virendra Darne and Adv Vipin Thakre, met the additional district collector, Indrasen Titkare, and submitted a memorandum of demands.Lawyers from additional district courts and taluka courts across the district also joined the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14858257", "title": "Pakistan set for fresh government-court slugfest", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's supreme court on Thursday ordered Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf to write a letter to Swiss authorities about reopening corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari and directed him to submit a report by July 25.Two hours before the court's ruling, Zardari signed into law the controversial contempt of court amendment bill which exempts prime minister, president, chief ministers, governors, federal and provincial ministers from contempt proceedings. The new law aims at avoiding the possibility of the current PM's disqualification by the court. However, the contempt of court amendment bill was challenged in the supreme court after it was passed in the lower house.The supreme court had asked Ashraf on June 27 to file a reply by July 12 on whether he was willing to write to Swiss authorities or not. When the PM did not submit a reply, the court set a deadline of July 25 for him to submit a compliance report.\"If the PM fails to implement the order, the court can take any action against him in accordance with the constitution. PM Raja Pervez Ashraf is bound to implement the court's order which was given to former PM Yousaf Raza Gilani,\" the ruling stated.The court had on June 19 dismissed Gilani as PM after convicting him of contempt in April for refusing to reopen the multi-million-dollar cases against Zardari.Observers believe that the drama over the letter is part of a wider power struggle between the judiciary and executive. The government says chief justice Iftikhar Chaudhry has dramatically expanded his judicial powers to persecute Zardari and oust his government. Chaudhury insists that he is merely holding corrupt and inept politicians to account.\"If the stalemate between the judiciary and government continues, the military will jump in. But it would be difficult for men in uniform to clear the mess,\" said Dr Mohammad Tayyab, an analyst.The corruption cases against Zard ari and his assassinated wife Benazir Bhutto date back to 2003 when they were found guilty by a Swiss court of laundering millions of dollars in kickbacks from Swiss firms while they were in government. In 2008, Swiss judicial authorities closed the case and released $60 million worth of assets frozen in Swiss accounts on the request of Pakistani authorities. However, in 2009, Pakistan's top court declared the amnesty unconstitutional, leaving its thousands of beneficiaries open to prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14861680", "title": "Infosys not in a position to give a quarter-on-quarter guidance: CEO", "text": "BANGALORE: IT services giant major Infosys has said it has done fairly well in a \"very challenging\" environment with dollar-denominated revenues growing 4.8 per cent year-on-year and addition of 51 new clients.\"Out of the 51 new clients, the company has won four large ones. One of which is in excess of $300 million. We also won four transformation deals,\" Infosys MD and CEO SD Shibulal told reporters here announcing the quarterly results.He said on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the company had guided for $1.77-1.78 billion revenue for April-June quarter and on a constant currency basis, it achieved $1.78 billion.Shibulal said currency effects and cancellation of a large transformational programme in Europe led to \"weak\" quarterly results.\"We lost $13 million in currency fluctuations and had the cancellation of a large transformational programme in Europe,\" he added.The FY 2013 revenue growth guidance has been cut because of currency fluctuations and the current business environment in the US and Europe, Shibulal said.\"Infosys is also facing difficult visa norms and is being forced to spend more on visas to ship techies to the US. Hence, the rise in visa expense and employee costs resulted in a decline in margins in the first quarter of the financial year 2013,\" he said.Shibulal defended the company's move for not giving a guidance for the second quarter for the first time in many quarters, saying Infosys was not in a position to give a quarter-on-quarter guidance because the global economic situation \"is extremely volatile at the moment\".\"Quarterly guidance will only be provided with the business environment stabilises globally,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857244", "title": "\u2018Dad-in-law\u2019s pay can\u2019t determine maintenance\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has said the father-in-law's income can't be a basis for a woman to claim a hike in maintenance from her estranged husband. Rejecting a plea by Pune resident Shalini Chavan seeking more maintenance from her spouse on the grounds that he enjoyed a high standard of living at his father's house in Pune's posh Koregaon Park neighbourhood, a division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi recently said she would only be entitled to a monthly maintenance of Rs 3,000, which had been arrived at after considering her husband Pankaj Chavan's salary.\"The income of the father can't be the basis to claim maintenance. The wife can make a claim only on the basis of the income of the husband, which is disclosed as Rs 14,705/month,\" the HC said. Under Section 24 of the Hindu Marriage Act, pending a divorce petition, either the wife or the husband can apply for maintenance if she/he does not have an independent source of income. If divorce is granted, the wife can claim permanent maintenance if she is unable to support herself financially. The quantum of maintenance is usually left to the discretion of the court, which decides it after considering the husband's income, assets and liabilities. The court also checks if the spouse claiming maintenance can financially support herself.In the present case, a family court had granted divorce to Shalini and Pankaj in April 2011. Shalini then moved the Bombay high court challenging the divorce order and sought interim maintenance. As the divorce petition was pending, the court last year asked Pankaj to give Shalini a monthly maintenance of Rs 3,000. She again moved court seeking an increase in the amount.Pankaj, who works with the security company of a bank, produced his salary certificate, which showed that his monthly remuneration was around Rs 14,705. Shalini alleged that her husband received other allowances in cash from his employer and was living a luxurious life with his father.The court, however, rejected the claims, saying, \"The wife, except making vague allegations, has not substantiated the same. The interim maintenance already ordered to be paid, Rs 3,000 per month, is sufficient and proper.\"(Names of the couple changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857831", "title": "Augment services of suburban trains: Commuters", "text": "PUNE: Members of the zonal railway users committee have demanded augmentation of services of the Pune-Lonavla suburban local trains as well as additional stoppages for a few express trains at Talegaon.The members pointed out that local trains are delayed almost everyday and that this causes severe inconvenience to hundreds of commuters.The demands and suggestions regarding railway services in Pune division were presented at the zonal railway users committee meeting presided by divisional railway manager Vishal Agarwal on Thursday.Regarding suburban railway commuters, the members said the present local trains are inadequate and that there is a need for providing additional services, at least during the peak hours. The railway officials said at present 42 trains run on the Pune-Lonavla section.The authorities are planning to operate two or three trains from Shivajinagar station to reduce burden at Pune station. The members, however, opposed the move saying that it would cause inconvenience to the commuters.The members said there is a need for starting a separate terminus for suburban trains. The railway officials told the members that the survey for a third line between Pune and Lonavla has been approved. However, the completion of the survey would take over two years.A demand for providing halts for the Sinhagad, Pragati, Indrayani and Pune-Bhusaval trains at Talegaon was made considering that many industries have come up near Talegaon.The officials said halts for all these trains cannot be provided. A proposal for allowing halt for at least two trains would be forwarded to the central office in Mumbai soon.The members also demanded that the Pune-Mumbai Pragati Express should go by its earlier route instead of the Karjat-Panvel route. The members also demanded that cleanliness should be maintained at stations.In his welcome address, divisional railway manager Vishal Agarwal said the railways will make all efforts for providing better facilities and services to passengers. Over 2.1 lakh passengers travel in Pune divison everyday, he said.The members present for the meeting included Dhanraj Bora, Popat Bhegde, Chandmal Parmar, Krishna Awate, Suresh Wadkar, Nitin Kanchan, Rajendra Wakde, Ramesh Bhojkar, Anand Mane, Hemant Tapale, Frank Freese, and Prasad Hole. Among the railway officials present for the meeting included additional divisional railway manager A K Gupta, and senior divisional commercial manager Alok Badkul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857824", "title": "BCI to frame rules for sanad renewal", "text": "PUNE: The Bar Council of India (BCI) will frame rules for renewal of 'sanads' (licence to practice as lawyer) in two months, Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh, chairman of the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, said on Wednesday.BCI chairman Manan Kumar Mishra had said here on June 6 that the Bar council had passed a resolution, making it mandatory for lawyers to renew sanads every five years to ensure that they do not get engaged in private services.As per the resolution, lawyers will have to pay Rs 600 as renewal fee within six months. Otherwise they will not be entitled to practise in the country.During a visit to the district and sessions court on Thursday, Konde-Deshmukh said that the BCI has started the process to frame rules and will delegate the power to renew sanads to 13 state bar councils.\"Renewal of sanad is essential as a large number of lawyers do private services, businesses, etc, after obtaining sanad from bar councils. This should stop as the councils were facing difficulty in implementing welfare schemes for practising lawyers,\" Konde-Deshmukh said.\"We have taken steps to inform all the district bar associations in Maharashtra and Goa, which have 1.27 lakh lawyers, about renewal of sanad,\" he added.State bar council vice-chairman Ashish Deshmukh told TOI that the BCI will decide the format and procedure to renew sanad and what powers will be delegated to the state bar councils. The deadline to renew sanads will be December 31, 2012, Deshmukh added.The BCI is the apex registering and licensing authority for lawyers in the country. It governs the working of all subsidiary state-level bar councils and is a statutory body constituted under the Advocates Act, 1961.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856881", "title": "Ganga continues to swell in Mirzapur, Varanasi, Ghazipur and Ballia", "text": "VARANASI: The Ganga continued to swell in Mirzapur, Varanasi, Ghazipur and Ballia on Thursday. According to the daily water level records of the Central Water Commission, Middle Ganga Division-III, Ballia recorded maximum rise in water level while there was slight rise in Mirzapur in the last 24 hours. A rise of 0.110 metres in the water level of Ganga was recorded in Varanasi on Thursday when the river was flowing at the level of 59.525-metre. Similarly, the Ganga was also on the rise in Ghazipur, Mirzapur and Ballia where the river was flowing at the level of 52.920-metre, 63.880-metre and 50.400-metre, respectively. While Ballia recorded a rise of 0.660 metre in water level, Ghazipur and Mirzapur recorded 0.160 metre and 0.070 metre increase, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858072", "title": "Lokayukta notice to four officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta has started probe into financial bungling in the construction of Ambedkar memorials in Lucknow and Noida.On Thursday, Lokayukta Justice (Retd) NK Mehrotra started collection of facts and issued notices to four officers asking them to appear before the Lokayukta with evidence.The Director, Mines has been summoned on July 19 and MD, Nirman Nigam has been summoned on July 24. The then joint director of directorate of geology and mining SA Farooqui, who had asked a consortium of mining leaseholders in Mirzapur, Sonbhadra and Chunar for the availability of pink sandstone for the memorials, has been asked to appear before the Lokayukta on July 25, while the then director, mining, Rambodh Maurya has been asked to appear on July 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "14857024", "title": "RBI to give one lakh coins", "text": "BAGALKOT: Following a report in The Times of India dated Juy 7 (Token ends coin shortage in Bagalkot town), the Reserve Bank of India will supply coins to Mahalingapur town in the district .RBI Bangalore division manager said that one lakh coins of Rs 2 denomination will be given to the State Bank of India branch in the town.SBI branch manager Rajendra Tenginakai said that the coins will be supplied to the traders on July 14 from 10.30am. Each trader will get 200 coins. To cope with shortage of coins, traders of Mahalingapur town are using fiber tokens in the place of coins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14858645", "title": "Panjab University students turn Mohali into battleground", "text": "MOHALI: The city, it seems, is fast turning into battleground for rival student organizations of Panjab University (PU) these days.Five recent reported incidents of clashes and cross firings, among others, have strengthened the belief and forced the district police officials to keep a strict vigil on the activities of PU student leaders and supporters of different organizations in the district. Police sources said recently attacked former president of student organization of Panjab University (SOPU), Prabhjit Singh, was being chased from an area in Chandigarh by members of his rival party and attacked in Sector 69, Mohali.The incident took place on Tuesday, during night hours, and five PU students have been arrested by the district police in this regard. All arrested students, Jivanjot Singh, Sanjeev Kumar, Gurcharan Singh, Saurav Kumar and Nitin are members of Panjab University Student Organization (PUSU).During the intervening night of June 19 and 20, a firing incident involving the exchange of gunshots between members of two opposite student organizations took place in the same sector. Meanwhile, district police have also arrested Jivanjot in connection with the case. A former student leader, who declined to be named, said, \"The main reason behind these attacks by members of rival student unions in Mohali is chances of easy escape. The same could not have been possible in Chandigarh.\"The leader maintained, \"The president of PUSU, Surjeet Singh Sukhi, was arrested for attempt to murder after around four months of incident on June 29. Sukhi had fired gunshots towards a leader of rival student union in March, 2012.\"Accepting the fact that attacks between student leaders are increasing in Mohali, a senior police official said, \"In the view of PU student unions, we have taken help and assistance from Chandigarh police and sought the criminal record of student leaders residing in Mohali.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857704", "title": "Navy plans dedicated cadre of cyber sea warriors", "text": "NEW DELHI: After robust sea, air and underwater combat arms, the Navy now wants a dedicated force for the virtual front as well. The force has begun the process to recruit information technology (IT) engineers and graduates as short-service commissioned officers.The Navy's drive to induct IT officers, as part of its main executive branch, comes in the backdrop of cyber warfare emerging as a potentially crippling form of waging covert wars as well as Chinese and Pakistani online espionage agents continuing with their incessant attempts to hack into Indian computer networks.\"All combat operations are now becoming network-driven. The aim is to create a specialist cadre of creators, custodians and administrators of our various networks on warships as well as ashore installations,\" said a senior officer.Towards this end, applications have been invited from B Tech and M Tech (computer sciences), BSc and MSc (IT/computer science), and BCA and MCA graduates for a course beginning in the Indian Naval Academy at Ezhimala in Kerala from December.As earlier reported by TOI, the Navy has embarked on the path to ensure all its new officers have B Tech degrees because of the unprecedented expansion in warship technology. With a dedicated surveillance and communications satellite in the pipeline, the force will soon network all its warships, submarines and aircraft with operational centres ashore through high-speed data-links.The Navy has also been facing mounting cyber-attacks in recent years. With cyber-warfare being a top military priority for China, its online espionage agents have been found to be frequently hacking into sensitive Indian computer networks to access classified operational data.Five to six naval officers are facing a board of inquiry (BoI) after Chinese hackers were recently detected to have broken into sensitive naval computers, in and around Eastern Navy Command HQs at Visakhapatnam, with the help of \"worm-infected\" pen-drives.Another BoI in the Mumbai-based Western Navy Command has recommended stringent action, including dismissal of service, against at least two commanders for posting confidential information and data, including location of warships and their patrolling patterns, on social networking sites like Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857819", "title": "Heistoric Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city with all its progress is attracting crime and criminals. Third year in a row, Ahmedabad is among the top three cities in the country as far as occurrence of robberies is concerned.While in 2009 and 2010, the city topped the tally, Bangalore toppled the city from the first place as per National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB)'s Crime in India report of 2011 as Ahmedabad came second.As per the report, the city registered 720 robberies from homes and commercial establishments in 2011. In 2010, the number was 805 and in 2009, 844. The top five cities with the highest number of robberies are Bangalore (783), Pune (546), Delhi (473) and Mumbai (467). The city lost valuables worth Rs 51.04 crores in robberies, dacoities and thefts last year.Police officials said that the phenomenon could be understood through the incidents. \"In the state, we report snatching of chains as a robbery. As the last year reported a very high number of such incidents, it would reflect in the figures. However, one should note that compared to the last year, it is 80 cases less than 2010. Another reason is reporting of most of the cases. Property-related crimes have risen due to increasing prosperity, but we have changed functioning of policemen now,\" said a senior city police official.The officials said that most of the robberies had taken place at jewellery stores in eastern city parts in 2011. A large number of robberies has remained undetected. Compared to previous years, the number of assault on angadia firms has decreased. Another major chunk came from robbery incidents reported from residences and bungalows in newly-developed areas and periphery of the city.\"City police and crime branch busted several gangs last year. Most of the gang members come from neighbouring states or border areas like Dahod. To prevent robberies, we have started increasing pressure on receivers of the booty, most of the time jewelers in specific city parts. It has worked in favour of us as some of the gangs were busted when the members came to get money for the booty,\" said the official.Cities better their 'figures' slightlyCompared to 2010, the four mega cities of Gujarat - Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Surat and Vaodara - reported a slight dip in the robbery, burglary and theft cases in 2011. Ahmedabad reported less number of property related cases including robbery, burglary, theft and dacoity compared to previous year. The rate of recovery, however, has gone down to 13.3% compared to the previous year's 16.5%.\"Thefts in commercial establishments have reduced as per the new data as compared to residential premises. It can be seen as a shift of modus operandi on part of thieves. Several gangs hold expertise in a particular modus operandi in the city. The new breed of thieves who don't belong to traditional 'thief tribes' make our work harder,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857301", "title": "Heavy showers likely today in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heavy rain and thundershowers were reported in several parts of Delhi on Thursday with the southwest and south districts witnessing the heaviest showers. The city recorded 4.1mm rainfall till 5.30pm with the maximum temperature settling at a pleasant 32.8 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal and one degree lesser than Wednesday. Minimum temperature was one degree above normal at 28.2 degrees Celsius.\"A shift in the axis of the monsoon caused heavy rain in Delhi and neighbouring areas. Till Wednesday, the axis was south of its normal position because of which Rajasthan and Gujarat received good rainfall. Now the axis is shifting close to the Himalayan foothills and heavy rain is expected in northwest states like Delhi, Haryana, Punjab and Uttarakhand till Friday,\" said a Met official.In Delhi, Lodhi Road recorded the maximum rainfall of 22mm rainfall. Palam recorded 17mm of rain while Najafgarh saw 10mm rainfall. \"Due to the delayed onset of monsoon, Delhi continues to remain rain deficient. The Safdarjung observatory till Thursday morning had recorded a deficit of 63mm while Palam was facing a more drastic shortfall of 86mm. However, with more rain expected in the coming days, the deficit is likely to reduce significantly,\" said a Met official.Among the nine districts in Delhi, east Delhi fared the best till Thursday morning, having received 74mm of the normal 121.1mm rain. West district was placed the worst.After Thursday's showers, the overall deficit for the country rose again slightly to 23% with -36% rains being recorded through the day. The only region which received good rain overall - 8% above normal - was east and northeast.\"Due to the shift in axis, the monsoon is active along the Himalayan foothills and in the northeast states. The axis is passing through Anupgarh, Hardoi, Muzzafarnagar to east Assam. The west end of the axis will shift closer to the foothills. Rain and thundershowers will become sporadic over the northwester states after Friday,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14858241", "title": "Cops arrest 2 Maharashtra criminals", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Thursday arrested two inter-state criminals, Nilesh Chowgule and Salim Shaikh, both residents of Pune, who were operating in Goa, Maharashtra and Karnataka, and involved in a number of house break-ins and thefts in the three states.The duo was arrested by the Pune police last month and the Margao police took them into their custody on Thursday on a transfer warrant. They were brought from the Yerawada jail, Pune, to Margao, late Wednesday night and placed under arrest.\"The two accused are the ringleaders of a gang of 4-5 members. Their modus operandi involved targeting unoccupied apartments or bungalows in city areas by first surveying the area moving around in hired cars. Two to three members of the gang, along with a female accomplice would enter into a building and identify a flat to be targeted, after ascertaining that the occupants were away,\" Dy SP Mohan Naik said.In May 2012, four accomplices of the gang were arrested by the Margao police in connection with a theft case booked at the Vasco police station, however, the two main accused had remained at large. The two accused were also booked by the Margao police in connection with a case of theft in a flat near Harmonia club, Margao, in March 2012, where the accused gained entry by breaking open the lock and fled with gold ornaments worth 6 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14856790", "title": "Lawyers burn copies of HRD bills", "text": "GONDIA: Members of the local unit of Bar Association of India burnt the copies of bills issued by the human resources ministry since 2010 that jeopardized the interests of Indian judiciary and invited foreign educational institutions which may close the doors of this faculty on poor students.Lawyers of Gondia are on a two-day 'dharna' on the court premises since Wednesday to protest the provisions of Educational Institutions Bill 2010, National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Foreign Institutions Act 2010, Probation of Unfair Practices in Higher Educational Institutions Bill 2010, Educational Tribunals Bill 2012 and National Law School Bill proposed by the human resources ministry. They said the provisions would harm the people of the country and destroy the federal structure.President of Gondia Bar Association RD Bombarde, vice-president HL Bhagat, secretary PC Tiwari, Prakash Tolani, Bhushan Maskare and Dinesh Gautam were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857991", "title": "IPL betting: Producer Prakash Chandnani arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bollywood film producer Prakash Chandnani, who financed an Akshay Khanna starrer film on corruption, was arrested at Ahmedabad airport after he landed from Dubai early on Thursday morning. Airport immigration officials nabbed Chandnani soon after customs clearance as lookout notice (LOC) was issued against him for alleged role in an IPL betting racket busted by Mumbai crime branch. Chandnani, co-producer of 'Gali Gali Chor Hai', was later handed over to Mumbai crime branch officials.\"We have taken the custody of Chandnani from Ahmedabad police. He was wanted in an international betting racket case and we will now interrogate him further,\" said Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy.Sources said that police has found out about Chandnani's links with an underworld don's betting syndicate and had purposely landed in Ahmedabad to evade the arrest. An LOC was issued against Chandnani and Dubai-based cricket bookie Sunil Abhuchandani in connection with the cricket betting racket in May this year.\"The producer landed here at 2.30 am on an Emirates Dubai-Ahmedabad flight. As his passport and other details were available, we detained him soon after he came to the immigration cell and later handed him over to Sardarnagar police station officials,\" said an airport immigration official.Along with Chandnani, Nitin Manmohan another producer of the film was summoned for questioning in the IPL betting racket. Chandnani's name figured during the interrogation of arrested bookie, Sonu Jalan, who revealed that he used to receive orders from the producer.Sources suggest that Jalan and another arrested bookie Devendra Kothari have told police that they used to transfer money through hawala to Sunil for whom Chadnanai was working as a second-in command.\"An official from Mumbai police came to Ahmedabad airport on Thursday afternoon and was handed over Chandnani's custody. Chandnani was constantly on the phone while at the police station,\" said a Sardarnagar police station official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858583", "title": "Power ministry SOS for imported coal-fired plants", "text": "NEW DELHI: The power ministry has sent out a distress call to the coal ministry seeking restoration of domestic coal linkages to imported coal-fired power plants that need indigenous supplies for blending fuel brought from overseas.In a letter to coal secretary Sanjay K Srivastava, power secretary P Uma Shankar has warned that any more delay in restoration of domestic coal linkages to imported coal-fired plants would adversely affect the country's generation target.Four imported coal-based power projects are up and running, while two more are in the pipeline. The Adani group's plant at Mundra, Barath Power Gen's captive plant at Tuticorin, DCW Ltd's cogeneration plant at Tiruchendur and JSW Steel's captive unit at Toranagallu were commissioned through the 11th plan.But, as Uma Shankar pointed out in his letter, these plants \"are constrained not to utilize full capacity due to non-availability of indigenous coal. All boilers and other auxiliary equipment of these projects are designed to use blended coal with a minimum 30% of indigenous coal. Non-availability of indigenous coal for blending is affecting sustained generation\".The power secretary also cited the Indonesian government's recent decision to export coal at international market price as an added argument for restoring domestic coal linkages.\"As you are also aware that due to Indonesian government's regulation, the price of imported coal has increased substantially and has made operations of the plants unviable. As a result, 30% domestic coal linkage becomes more important to achieve optimum PLF (plant load factor or utilization of capacity) and supply of contracted power under PPAs (power purchase agreements),\" Uma Shankar said in his letter.He particularly mentioned the Mundra project, saying it had signed two PPAs with Gujarat state utility aggregating 2,000 mw at low prices decided through competitive bidding. \"Non-availability of indigenous coal linkage is jeopardizing the techno-commercial viability of the projects,\" he said.The government had granted domestic coal linkages for 30% blending to these power projects on January 29, 2010. The linkages were then withdrawn on April 18 last year. The decision to withdraw the linkages was taken without the consent of the power ministry. Power minister Sushilkumar Shinde too had written for restoration of the linkages twice last year \u2014 on April 25 and December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857848", "title": "Buses broke down 1,238 times in May", "text": "PUNE: Here is another confirmation of the pathetic condition of public bus transport in the city. The number of breakdowns of Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) buses has shown a steep increase from 979 instances in May 2010 to 1,238 instances in May 2012.Poor road worthiness and lack of drivers and conductors meant that 361 buses were off-roads in May 2010 which increased to 610 buses in May 2012. Strangely, the number of buses in the PMPML fleet have gone up from 1,580 in May 2010 to 1,777 in May 2012.A Right to Information application filed by city-based PMP Pravasi Manch revealed this information. It shows a steady increase in the number of the buses on road in the last three years. Compared to 361 buses that were off roads in May 2010, the number increased by 46 in 2011 to reach 407, which further went up by 203 in 2012 to 610.\"The manch had sought the information against the backdrop of the proposed hike in bus fares. The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) officials had made promises of better service, when they had increased the fares in the past. But data available from the PMPML shows that hardly any improvement has taken place in the service. We feel that there should be no fare hike unless and until there is a noticeable improvement in service,\" said Jugal Rathi, founder of the group, while addressing a news conference here on Thursday.Rathi said that statistics of PMPML also highlighted the decline in the number of passengers using public transport. Nearly 1.5 lakh people stopped using the service since May 2010, while the number of complaints about the service has gone up from 31 in May 2010 to 522 in May 2012.Vivek Velankar, another activist of the manch, said they have chosen a parameter of one month's performance, while seeking information.\"We selected May and have taken data of the last three years for the same month. The data was compared to various aspects of PMPML services to see if it had improved or not,\" he said.Rathi said that assurances by PMPML like increasing number of buses and passenger load, improving average to cut down diesel consumption, rationalisation of bus routes and reducing administrative expenses have not been fulfilled.All these factors have brought about a decline in the income of the transport utility. The per bus per day income has gone down from Rs 8,323 in May 2011 to Rs 8,100 in May 2012. The figure was not available for May 2010.Similarly, the per km revenue has reduced from Rs 35.09 to Rs 34.31, Velankar stated.Velankar and Rathi have also alleged that the loss suffered by PMPML was increasing because of inefficiency and the administration was trying to hide the fact by proposing a fare hike in a bid to reduce losses.Meanwhile, in another news conference co-opted corporator of Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC) Sanjay Balgude demanded that the PMPML be disbanded.\"The company has been showing consistent losses since its formation. It was formed with an intention to provide better public transport and bring financial stability to the public transport undertaking. But the company has failed to achieve both these targets,\" he said.Sunil Gavali, traffic manager of PMPML, said that the number of off-road buses will reduce soon.\"The process of recruiting bus drivers and conductors is underway. The recruitment of drivers is almost over, it will be followed by conductors. The number of off-road buses will go down once the recruitment is done,\" he said.Deepak Pardeshi, public relations officer of the PMPML, said that the high number of breakdown instances was due to old buses plying. \"The process of procuring new buses is on and steps have been taken to ensure better maintenance. The situation will improve soon,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858188", "title": "Chennai gets 29mm of rain on Thursday, highest this season", "text": "CHENNAI: Early risers in the city on Thursday were treated to a pleasant sight - heavy rain. This, however, didn't bring much cheer as the temperature remained high. The rainfall registered at 8.30am - 29mm of rain in Nungambakkam and 24.5mm in Meenambakkam - was the highest recorded in a single day this season.The maximum temperature was 36.5 C, which is two degrees above normal, and the minimum temperature 22.6 C, which is three degrees below normal. The Met department said the rainfall in the city was still short for the season. \"There is deficiency of around 4cm,\" said India Meteorological Department deputy director-general YEA Raj.Officials from the Met department said that it rained during an unusual part of the day. \"During the southwest monsoon, the city normally receives rain only in the evenings and nights, a few hours after the setting in of the sea breeze in the afternoon,\" said a duty officer. During the northeast monsoon, the main rainy season for the city, rainfall is common in the mornings. Residents were happy. \"When I opened the door around 6.45am, it was still drizzling,\" said Hema Malani, a home maker in T Nagar. But as the day wore on, the heat rose and there was no sign of rain for the late risers. Officials from the Met department said that high temperature was one of the many reasons for the rain. \"When the day is hot, sea breeze sets in early. When this clashes with the southwesterly winds blowing in from the land to the sea, there is rain,\" said Raj.Across the state, the rain received this season, from June 1, is around 45% lesser than normal, say officials. \"Around 35% of the 285 rain stations in the state have recorded rain. There has been some amount of rainfall in some place every day. This is a good sign. The deficiency can be wiped out in one good spell,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14857448", "title": "UPA not to get BJP help: Sinha", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The BJP will never cooperate with the present UPA government at the Centre as this government is putting all blames of its failure on the head of the BJP, Yashwant Sinha said here on Thursday.Ridiculing the statement of Union company affairs minister Veerappa Moily that the bills for economic growth could not be implemented as the parliamentary standing committee on finance headed by him had not given its clearance and this was the reason why prices of essential commodities were rising, the BJP MP said he had already presented his report and recommendations of the committee to former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee before presentation of this year's budget.He said the Prime Minister and his cabinet colleagues blamed all opposition leaders for the present state of affairs prevailing in the country.Defending his claim, Sinha said no government could achieve its goal without the co-operation of the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14857865", "title": "Schools served notices for running buses sans papers", "text": "BOKARO: District transport officer (DTO) Bokaro Vijay Kumar Gupta has served show-cause notices to two schools in town observing that the buses run by them did not have proper documents, violating traffic law.Gupta has asked explanations from Ayyappa Public School and Holy Cross School why criminal cases should not be lodged against them and why not the CBSE be informed about the negligence on their part.The DTO along with his team had launched a drive against school buses here on July 9. They inspected 27 buses of different schools.Of them the buses run by Ayyappa and Holy Cross schools failed to produce documents. These two schools are running buses outsourced from private transport owners and that too without issuing authorization letters.The buses didn't have all the necessary documents like pollution, road tax, fitness certificate and others.\"We had seized one bus each of Ayyappa school and Holy Cross school during the drive at Patarkatta Chowk in Sector-I. Each of them has been fined Rs 50,944 for not producing any of the valid documents. Besides, the department has also fined buses of Delhi Public School (DPS), Chinmaya Vidyalaya, St. Paul School, Kairali School and some other schools mainly for not producing authorization letters,\" said Gupta.He said, \"We had information that there are more buses of Ayyappa Public School running without valid documents. We would check it soon.\"However, the checking conducted by the transport department exposed the schools which were violating traffic laws in town.Pentecostal School Assembly is running its buses without installing grill on its windows despite several reminders sent to it. \"If we didn't get satisfactory response from Ayyappa and Holy Cross schools, we would send letters to the CBSE against them mentioning the negligence found on their part in running school buses,\" said Gupta.Principal of Ayyappa Public School Lata Mohanan said the bus which was seized by the DTO was hired from a private party. \"We are not aware about the bus running without valid documents. The school has paid the fine and stopped taking the service. We have received a letter in this regard from the DTO,\" she said.Principal of Holy Cross School is not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861341", "title": "Multiplex owners plan screenings to honour Dara Singh", "text": "Multiplex cinema hall owners in several parts of Punjab have come together to show special screenings of some of the wrestler-turned-actor Dara Singh's movies this weekend to pay a tribute to the yesteryear's childhood hero for millions.Dara Singh died on Thursday in Mumbai following a cardiac arrest, leaving his fans in his home state of Punjab sorrowful and bereaved.Singh who had begun with a successful wrestling career in the 1950s and 60s starred in more than 100 Bollywood movies as a bare-chested superhero spanning over four decades, wowing the audiences with his impressive physique and action.\"We have decided to get three of his movies from the archives including the hits like 'Rustom-e-Baghdad' and 'Dara Singh: The Iron Man' at the end of this week. He was a cult just like Superman and Spiderman in Hollywood\" PVR Group president Pramod Arora, who was in Ludhiana to launch the new multiplex at a mall, told TOI.Arora said they had altered the scheduled launch of their new multiplex, pre-poning it from Friday to honour the veteran actor.In other parts of Punjab including Amritsar where the actor was born and spent his childhood at the village Dharamchuk, a 2-minute slide was bring prepared to be screened during the intervals at halls.\"For the next few days, we will have a montage of Dara ji's scenes from some of his blockbusters as a homage to India's original superhero. These slides are usually shown at the beginning of a movie and intervals.\" said M S Karthik, Marketing head, Cinepolis.Lifesize posters of young Dara Singh showing his six-packs and ripped warrior like abdominal muscles were also being erected at various halls in Amritsar, Ludhiana and Jalandhar.Singh had ventured into acting in 1962 and played a number of characters that epitomized strength and masculinity.He had shared screen with actress Mumtaz as many as 16 times.Many actresses of his era refused to work with him because of his huge physique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861349", "title": "Siddharth, Shriya steal the show in Midnight\u2019s Children", "text": "It was a battle between the nose and the knee on location for Midnight's Children in Sri Lanka. Apparently Satya Bhabha who plays the hero with the long nose and Tamil superstar Siddharth Narayan who is cast as Satya's foster-parents' abandoned child who grows up hating his life in the slums, both had a pitched battle going on. While Satya's character has an extra-long nose (which came naturally to him since he's a Parsi) Siddharth's character Shiva has extra-bulky knees with which he tries to subjugate Satya.Though it's Satya Bhabha who occupies centrestage in Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children apparently it the Rang De Basanti actor Siddharth who has made a very strong impact.A member of the team on condition of anonymity said, \"Among the male members of the cast, and that includes brilliant performers like Anupam Kher, Ronit Roy,Vinay Pathak and Rahul Bose, Siddharth is the clear stand-out performer. Satya, a relative newcomer to cinema had many tough confrontation scenes with Siddharth who's virtually a veteran of Tamil, Telugu and Hindi cinema.\"So did Saleem and Shiva the two rival characters from Midnight's Children , who are like Shashi Kapoor (the long nose and all) and Amitabh Bachchan in Yash Chopra's Trishul, actually end up hating each in real too?Incidentally the same source from the Midnight's Children team tells us that among the female actors Shriya Saran emerged the most powerful. This, with Shabana Azmi , Seema Biswas and Shahana Goswami in the cast, is saying a lot.When asked about Siddharth and Shriya stealing the show Deepa Mehta laughed, \"I love all my actors. But yes, these two are brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14858110", "title": "Huge crater at Porvorim as portion of road caves in", "text": "MAPUSA: A portion of the road on NH 17 near 'Tisk' junction in Porvorim caved in suddenly on Thursday afternoon, leaving a massive crater putting at risk the lives of motorists. The crater that was formed was around three meters in length and breadth and one meter deep. Luckily no vehicle was travelling on that particular area when the road gave way.Police immediately cordoned off the area with barricades. Mapusa traffic police inspector Salim Sheikh and Mapusa PWD assistant engineer (highways) PV Rane rushed to the site.Rane blamed Goa Tillari irrigation development corporation (GTIDC) for the road caving in.He said GTIDC has taken up work of laying an underground pipeline near the highway which led to the road caving in. \"We have not given them (GTIDC) permission to lay the underground pipeline still they are doing it which resulted in this,\" Rane said.When contacted, GTIDC managing director PJ Kamat said, \"We have laid trenchless pipes without digging the roads. What occurred may be because of the monsoon.\"There is a similar problem, perhaps more dangerous, at green park junction at Guirim, sources said. A considerable portion of the national highway at this junction has been damaged and commuters are forced to face the risk of accidents daily.\"There is another similar problem at Karaswada and we have had to tar and do some patchwork repeatedly,\" Rane added.\"We have asked them (GTIDC) not to undertake the work during the monsoon fearing such problems, yet they continued with the work,\" Rane said, adding \"We have also written to them (GTIDC) not to damage the highway but they ignored our directions.\"Rane said repair work would be taken up immediately. \"We are treating the issue as an urgency and I have already ordered that the pothole be filled up with laterite stones as a temporary measure. This will be taken up right now,\" he said. Late in the evening the crater was being filled with laterite stones.TIMES VIEWThe crater left by the road caving in is evidence of work hastily and haphazardly done. By pointing the finger at GTIDC for the incident, PWD is only attempting to absolve itself from blame. PWD should accept responsibility. It is now all the more essential for PWD to immediately inspect all roads and ascertain which are in danger of caving in. This is actually an exercise that should have been carried out prior to the monsoon, but it is never too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858333", "title": "HC sees fraud, cancels sale of industrial corpn property", "text": "CHENNAI: In an extraordinary order, the Madras high court has cancelled the sale of a property by the state-owned Tamil Nadu Industrial Investment Corporation (TIIC) after an auction and imposed an exemplary cost of 10,000 on the buyer for misleading the court.A division bench comprising Justices Elipe Dharma Rao and M Venugopal, disapproving of an order passed by a single judge, based on which TIIC was forced to sell a property to K S Palanisamy, said: \"An extraordinary situation like this always requires an extraordinary relief. We have no hesitation to hold that the court cannot sit and act like a tender-issuing or accepting authority, since it would amount to intruding and usurping the powers of the auctioning authorities.\"The matter relates to a prime property in Hosur mortgaged to the TIIC by a hotelier in 2002. As the borrower defaulted on repayment, the property was put up for auction eight times between 2002 and 2011. At the last auction held on March 2, 2011 in Hosur, one Mohamed Fazal quoted 56 lakh and emerged as the highest bidder. Later negotiations were held and the bid was enhanced to 59 lakh. A confirmation letter was issued to Fazal the next day.At this point, K S Palanisamy filed a petition in the high court stating he had purchased the tender document on March 1, 2011 and taken a DD for 7.1 lakh (initial payment ) too. He said he did not participate in the tender because he was informed by TIIC that it had not taken possession of the property. Accepting his version, a single judge passed an order on September 16, 2011 directing TIIC to accept 7.1 lakh from Palanisamy and execute the sale deed in his favour. An appeal was filed against the order.Slamming Palanisamy for \"playing a fraud on the court by misrepresenting facts,\" Justice Elipe Dharma Rao said there was no scrap of paper to show that TIIC's original auction was illegal.\"Palanisamy twisted facts before the single judge to obtain a favourable order,\" he said, and directed the cancellation of the sale deed. A new sale deed shall be executed in favour of Fazal within two weeks, the bench said, and directed Palanisamy to remit 10,000 to the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority within one week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858258", "title": "Shobana takes up cudgels against Romeos", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor Shobana, who teaches dance in her house in Alwarpet, on Thursday complained to police commissioner J K Tripathy against roadside Romeos who harass her students. Finding that a tea shop nearby was the gathering point for the men, police removed it immediately.Tens of thousands of women face such harassment in public places every day, but only a few garner the courage to complain to police. \"I was annoyed as my students have been repeatedly complaining of some men making passes and behaving indecently. I found that these men hang around a mobile tea shop nearby. I requested the tea shop owner to move to another place, but he refused,\" said Shobana. Many other women narrate their ordeals to friends in private. \"Some men make fun and tease, but the behaviour of others makes me feel quite threatened,\" says Lakshmi (name changed), a professional in the city. \"Once a friend and I were waiting for an auto after a movie at night when four guys on bikes stopped us and asked if we wanted a lift. We said 'no', but they kept insisting for a long time. Police, who try to teach morality to lovers on the beach, should first take these men to task.\"Then there are the flashers. Divya, a professional who stay alone in the city, recollects her recent horror. \"One day I felt getting into my apartment complex. I felt someone was following me. When I turned around, I saw a man in soiled clothes, standing on the stairs and flashing. I screamed at him to get lost and was almost going to hit him with my umbrella. He ran away. Since then I have been careful about my surroundings,\" says Divya.The city police receive at least two women harassment complaints a day. Police say, however, the accused often don't get prosecuted as they end in a 'compromise' at the police station. An accused charged under Section 4 (1) of the Prohibition of Women Harassment Act, 1988, can be imprisoned for three years and fined 25,000. \"In most of the cases, even if the lower court convicts the accused, he goes on appeal in the session's court and then the high court. In most of the cases they go unpunished,\" senior advocate V Kannadasan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857515", "title": "'Robber' attacks lawyer's SUV", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man allegedly attacked a high court lawyer's SUV with concrete slabs on Wednesday night in an attempt to rob him. Prashant Mendiratta was returning home to Inderpuri in his new Fortuna around 12.45am when he was attacked near Pusa Road. He was carrying over Rs 1.50 lakh.Returning from the Lajpat Nagar office, Mendiratta took the left turn near Hotel Management Institute. \"As soon as I went about 400-500 metres, I noticed a white Pajero in front of me which had five people. I also noticed a man standing with bricks in both hands to my left and another sitting on the other side,\" he said.\"Initially, I thought the man standing on the left would hit the Pajero with the brick but he did not. Apprehending that he would hit my car, I started accelerating. But to my shock, the man sitting on the right hit my car with a concrete slab. It broke the front windshield, hit my left arm and I started bleeding profusely.\"The lawyer said he was \"lucky not to have lost control over the vehicle\". He did not stop the vehicle and kept moving, hoping to find a PCR van. \"However, I could not find any police at the turn of the Inderpuri main market where there is a police picket. By that time, I had also called up 100. At the next picket, I spoke to head constable Aslam and two others. A PCR van also arrived around 20 minutes later. I returned to the spot in the PCR van but no one was there.\"Mendiratta said that while coming back, they also spotted the Pajero entering Inderpuri. \"They also saw the person with the bricks.\"Later, he was admitted to RML Hospital but has been released after treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14859047", "title": "Did Gujarat government force parties out of race for gas firm?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did the Gujarat government arm-twist two of the state's biggest corporate houses to desist from bidding for the Gujarat Gas Company Ltd?Days before the bidding closed for a 65.12% stake of British Gas in Gujarat Gas, a group of top bureaucrats summoned Gautam Adani of the Adani group and Sudhir Mehta of Torrent group, both of whom were the race for the deal. The bureaucrats conveyed to them the wishes of minister of state for energy Saurabh Dalal that they should not bid.Eventually, a consortium led by the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation emerged as the sole bidder to buy the stake for Rs 3,000 crore. When asked if the state government pressured Adani and Mehta to back off at the eleventh hour, Dalal said, \"Whatever be the case, we have not done anything against the interest of the Gujarat government.\"Gujarat Gas distributes gas in three major cities \u2014 Surat, Bharuch and Ankleshwar. This would have been a good buy for the Adani group, which supplies gas in Ahmedabad and other regions. Ditto for Mehta, which supplies electricity in Surat.Other members of the GSPC consortium are ONGC and BPCL. While GSPC is 50% partner in the consortium, ONGC and BPCL have 25% stake each.Informed sources said GSPC is likely to clinch the deal at around Rs 300 per share while both Adani and Torrent were willing to pay upwards of Rs 400.Earlier, British Gas had refused to sell its stake at a low rate but it has come around, given the government's aggressive tactics.The current market price of the GGCL's share is Rs 311, though it was above Rs 450 when British Gas announced its decision to withdraw from GGCL in November 2011.Incidentally, British gas's decision to withdraw from GGCL is related to the Gujarat government's complaint to the Competition Commission of India (CCI) against \"overcharging\" consumers in Surat, its biggest market. The state filed the case with the CCI after GGCL raised gas prices in Surat, leading to protests by local textile entrepreneurs.In August 1997, the BG Group acquired GGCL, then co-owned by Gujarat government and the Mafatlal Group, for Rs 170 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14857996", "title": "UP all set to spice up its police force", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government is all set to spice up its police force. One of the world's biggest force will soon be equipped with pepper and chilly shells for controlling mobs during protests and agitations.This apart, the force will be equipped with 200 new jeeps for police stations in four major districts to begin with in addition to the vehicles already available with them apart from another 405 more motorcycles to ensure better mobility for patrolling and quicker response when needed.Talking to reporters about the arrangements in place to better equip the men in khaki, DGP AC Sharma said that the UP Police had been allocated funds sufficient enough to start with procurement of state-of-the-art gadgetry for cops in select cities. If the initial investment yields sufficient results, the same will be done for the rest of the state force.Mob control remains one of the most tedious and risky affairs in the day-to-day policing, say senior police officials. The present code of procedure is to negotiate with the mob, before resorting to removing them physically from the site. In situations where the mob gets aggressive, the police are required to use mild cane-charge.When the mob gets together, the initial response is hot water cannons followed by tear gas shells. When the two options are exhausted and the police find serious indication of the situation going out of hand, the men in uniform use the option of firing in air. Unless and until there is a genuine threat to life of the cops or the common man, the men in uniform are not required to fire at the mob.The introduction of chilly and pepper shells will introduce another step in the procedure that the police adopt to control the mob thereby reducing the possibilities of loss of human life, believe senior police officers.The DGP said that all police stations in the major cities will soon be provided with an additional jeep for patrolling and 405 additional motorcycles first for the outpost in-charge who don't have one and then to the police stations for patrol duty of constables.\"We have also issued directives to the district police chiefs to assess the requirement of new police stations and police outpost particularly in regions where townships are expanding. We have also recommended the district police chiefs to consider changing the general police outposts into reporting police outposts which will help to reduce the burden on the respective police stations,\" Sharma said. \"Once we receive the assessments and recommendations, we will prepare a report and forward it to the state home department for a formal approval before we take up the budget issue for the expansion process,\" the DGP said.The point blank denial of the director general of police (DGP) and principal secretary (Home) of having no knowledge about the proposed promotion of PPS officers to IPS cadres has once again triggered desperation among the police officers of the state services.Last week the government has announced that keeping in mind the continuing shortage of IPS officers virtually no possibilities of the central government reviewing the cadre strength in the near future, the state government has decided to promote the PPS (Provincial Police Services) officers to the vacant IPS posts in the state. The news has left the PPS cadres upbeat who have been pressing for promotions that have been stalled since 2008 for officers from 1982 batch to 1987 batch.The denial by the state police and state home department chiefs of any such move in existence at least in their knowledge, has once again left the PPS cadres disillusioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857431", "title": "Shop owners fear hawker trouble during Ramzan", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the holy month of Ramzan round the corner, shop owners on the stretch from Nayapul to Charminar are apprehensive about hawkers who tend to appear out of nowhere during this season and occupy every bit of space on the road leading to major losses in their business.\"There is a steady increase in the number of thela-bandi walas (hawkers) every year. About 10 years ago, there used to be a single row of hawkers, which would double up from the middle of the Ramzan month. But last year there were four rows of hawkers blocking the entire road leaving no space for our customers to walk into our shops. Our business is going down every season,\" said Sanjay Agarwal, who owns a jewellery shop near Gulzar Houz.The Old City Traders Association (OCTA), of which Agarwal is an office bearer, has taken up the issue time and again with the government agencies and political parties without any results.The businessmen allege that the increasing number of hawkers is serving as a deterrent to the more wealthy customers who avoid the Old City market during Ramzan apprehensive of unmanageable crowd around the petty sellers on the stretch.Explaining the situation, OCTA president Mahfooz Ahmed said, \"There is hardly any business in the first 10 days of Ramzan (the month begins on July 21 this year). It starts picking up from the eleventh day of Ramzan and the hawkers begin to appear occupying every possible space making it difficult for the public to move around. In the last few days of the month our business comes down drastically because of the hawkers and the chaotic conditions in the market. We need to find some solution to this problem which is becoming bigger by every passing year,\" he said.Agarwal alleged that the hawkers are protected by political leaders, the police and the GHMC officials. \"We have been doing business here for ages. The jewellery business used to be good during Ramzan until a few years ago but now there is hardly any sale,\" he lamented.For secretary OCTA, Abid Mohiuddin, Ramzan is a month of blessings which should be shared by all. His association is not against the hawkers. What it wants is a \"holistic\" approach to the problem for its resolution. If the government could take a little interest, the hawkers could be accommodated in and around the market in a way that the showrooms are not affected, he said.MIM MLA Ahmed Balala has a different take on the subject. He believes that showroom business in the market does not come down in the last few days of the Ramzan month because of hawkers. \"It is the public which is not interested in their stuff at that time of the season,\" he said.Balala also said that the police and the GHMC should coordinate and come up with a Ramzan specific plan for managing the area. If officials of these two agencies do their work diligently no one could have a problem, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856319", "title": "Insurers must prove fraud to nix claims: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The burden of proof for repudiating insurance claims on the ground of misstatement of material facts is upon the insurance companies, the Kerala high court has ruled.Justice S Siri Jagan, who gave the ruling, also quashed an order by the insurance ombudsman that upheld Life Insurance Corporation's (LIC) rejection of a life insurance policy on the ground that the policy holder, who died of cervical cancer, had suppressed the fact that she availed ayurvedic treatment for rheumatoid arthritis prior to the commencement of the policy. Considering a petition by P V Suresh, the husband of the deceased policy holder Lalitha, the court clarified that the duty of the insurance company in repudiating a claim does not end by proving that a statement given by the policy holder is false.The company also has to prove that the false statements made by the policy holder were fraudulently made and involved the suppression of material facts, the court held.Suresh approached the high court after the insurance ombudsman of Kochi upheld LIC's decision not to allow the life insurance claim on the policy held by his wife Lalitha. She availed the policy for Rs 50,000 in February 2002 and had died of cervical cancer in September 2004.While filling up the forms for availing the policy, Lalitha had answered in the negative to a query as to whether she had ever been admitted to a hospital or a nursing home.The company denied the claim pointing out that she had undergone treatment for rheumatoid arthritis and had taken ayurvedic treatment in a hospital, which was alleged by the insurance company as a deliberate and fraudulent misstatement and withholding of material information at the time of effecting the assurance.Along with the ruling that Lalitha seems to have answered in the negative quite inadvertently, without any motive to suppress the fact, the court held that the insurance company hasn't discharged their burden of proving that Lalitha's statement was fraudulent and was the suppression of material fact.Stressing on the social aspect of insurance, the court also observed in the judgment that the legislature wanted to safeguard the beneficiary of the policy from unreasonable repudiation from the insurer and has therefore consciously cast the burden of proving certain facts squarely on the insurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858426", "title": "Computing expert Anto Peter dies", "text": "CHENNAI: Anto Peter, 45, who pioneered Tamil language computing and developed Tamil software, fonts and contributed to standardise keyboards, died after a heart attack here on Thursday. Born at Arumuganeri in Tuticorin district in 1967, Peter did his diploma in computer science, graduation and post-graduation in Mathematics and MBA in marketing before starting Softview Media College.Peter was the managing director of the institution where students are given training in multimedia, print media, graphics, animation and development of Tamil fonts and Tamil typing software. He has conducted mo8re than 500 seminars on job opportunities in the field of multimedia. People close to him said he used to give even free guidance to young entrepreneurs.Peter was a regular in all Tamil computing conferences held across the globe and had presented 26 research papers on the subject. His contribution to Tamil cinema is also commendable. A website, tamilcinema.com, launched by him in 1997 is popular even today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857922", "title": "Man found murdered", "text": "PUNE: A 45-year-old unidentified man was found murdered at Shukrawar Peth on Thursday morning. This is the second murder in the city in last three days where the victim could not be identified. On Tuesday, a 25-year-old man was found dead on Sinhagad Road.Police inspector of Khadak police station Sandipan Sawant said the body was found in front of a shop at Shukrawar Peth. He had been bludgeoned to death with major injuries on head and face. The deceased was wearing a red shirt and black trousers. Those having any information can contact Khadak police station at 020-24476422. Meanwhile, the Dattawadi police, probing the Sinhagad Road murder, have shown the photograph of the deceased man to people residing in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "sukhmani enclave", "code": "14859331", "title": "Upmarket Ludhiana takes tardy drive around incomplete Sidhwan canal bridge", "text": "SUKHMANI ENCLAVE: Residents of the posh Sukhmani Enclave, Push Vihar and South City are still going the long way round to get home as the bridge over Sidhwan Canal, connecting the areas with Ferozepur Road is still under construction. Public works department (PWD) is waiting for a report that water in the canal has been stopped to start work on the under-construction road.Jasneet Singh, a homemaker from Pushp Vihar who travels in a Honda Jazz, said, \"This is a result of the department's pathetic planning. They first closed the road claiming to start construction and then stopped work. Residents have been travelling extra distance to reach their home every day for the last six months. Till water in the canal doesn't stop, work will not begin on the road. So we will have to suffer indefinitely.\"Shivani Chaudhary, principal of a private school and resident of Sukhmani Enclave who travels in her Toyota Corolla , said, \"Government works are always like this. They start work, then leave it halfway and finally complete it after long delay. Authorities are paying little attention to the suffering residents who travel several extra kilometres.\"Executive Engineer of PWD Angrez Singh, who is in charge of the road construction, said, \"We will not be able to start work before water in the canal stops. Till then residents will have to bear with the inconvenience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857556", "title": "Hospitals warned against spreading dengue panic", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Majid Hussain on Thursday warned private hospitals of legal action in case they were found to be falsely creating panic about the spread of dengue in the city.Hussain said that of the seven cases of dengue purportedly identified in the city, six were such which have yet to be confirmed with the remaining one displaying symptoms similar to dengue.\"Hussain has directed the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner to issue notices of legal action to Sunrise hospital for spreading panic,\" a civic official said in a news release. MT Krishna Babu, the GHMC commissioner, said that a notice had been served on Sunrise hospital, Narayanguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14857178", "title": "FDA seeks time in implementing gutka ban", "text": "NAGPUR: Although Maharashtra government may have banned gutka in the state, it will take sometime before the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) begins implementing the ban. The administration has to wait for the government notification to reach them as well as it needs to give some time to the gutka sellers for disposing the existing stock.Joint commissioner of FDA's (food) Nagpur division SG Annapure, who joined duty in the city on Thursday, told TOI that as a part of implementation of the process the administration would be required to first create awareness about the ban among wholesalers, distributors etc before any action can be contemplated against anyone found selling pan masala or gutka. \"We are still waiting for the government notification to FDA. But otherwise also while implementing a ban we are expected to give a proper warning and time to the sellers to withdraw the banned product,\" said Annapure.The state had banned gutka twice earlier in year 2002 and 2008 but could not be implemented for various legal reasons. This is the third time that Maharashtra government has announced a gutka ban. \"Our line of action involves around creating awareness about the ban as the first step. If the sellers do not comply with the ban then we first begin confiscating the material and action like registering FIR against the violator,\" said SB Naragude, the assistant commissioner of FDA (food). Generally in the first phase, FDA takes action against the sellers in 100 yards circumference around the schools and footpath vendors. FDA has the power to file an FIR under food safety act 2006.Naragude said gutka is banned first because it contains carcinogenic material, magnesium carbonate which is used as an ant-caking agent in it along with tobacco and katechu. While kharra contains the other two things but not magnesium carbonate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857394", "title": "Central Road Research Institute gets BRT tips, seeks more time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days before the BRT case comes up for hearing, the Central Road Research Institute is flooded with \"advice\" from the transport department and other government agencies on the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand bus rapid transit corridor. CRRI, which had been asked to submit a \"scientific\" report on the status of BRT, on Thursday asked for more time to include such proposals into the report.\"Findings of studies done before, like the RITES report, will be incorporated. CRRI has also been asked to look at suggestions made by the infrastructure apex body UTTIPEC, like the proposal for a new link from Outer Ring Road to Press Enclave, to divert traffic from the Sheikh Sarai-Chirag Delhi stretch,\" said a senior government official.\"Traffic plan simulations will be designed featuring multiple scenarios, including the link road that will start from Soami Nagar and connect at Press Enclave,\" said a source. The CRRI report will also give suggestions on the likely traffic scenario if BRT is done away with, added the source.The link road is an old proposal of Delhi Integrated Multi Modal Transit System Ltd (DIMTS), which was approved by the lieutenant governor in 2008. The road was supposed to provide an alternate route to vehicles going to Gurgaon, which currently form a large chunk of traffic on the BRT corridor. \"For anyone going to Gurgaon, the Sheikh Sarai-Chirag Delhi stretch becomes the default route. Most private vehicles on BRT consist of this traffic. The link will divert this traffic away from BRT,\" said the official.However, the plan could not take off due to land acquisition problems. Sources said the link road had now been revived as a solution to the BRT chaos.In its interim report, CRRI had given positive feedback on the mixed traffic experiment on BRT, where it had noted that waiting time at the Chirag Delhi intersection had come down considerably after all vehicles were allowed to ply on the dedicated bus corridor. Earlier this month, the Delhi high court had also ordered the transport department to continue to allow motor vehicles on the dedicated lanes till the court takes a decision on the BRT corridor.On Thursday, Nyaya Bhoomi, an NGO, also told the court that a large number of lawyers supports its plea of opening the bus lane to private vehicles. In another plea, the NGO has urged the high court to pass an order as soon as possible, saying lawyers' bodies in Saket and Patiala House court complex support it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858687", "title": "Bill aims to weed out rent-a-womb clinics", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is all set to weed out and check the ever mushrooming clinics involved in renting a womb or carrying out Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART).The Assisted Reproductive Technology Regulation Bill, prepared by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), will make it mandatory for all clinics involved in treating infertility through procedures like artificial insemination with husband's semen (AIH) or in-vitro fertilization-embryo transfer (IVF) to get registered in the country's maiden National Registry of ART clinics.All clinics will require a registration number to operate which they will receive only after they meet \"the minimum requirements\". A meeting of the ICMR's ART expert committee will be held on Friday to finalize the format that will check ART clinics for compliance with norms.ICMR officials said, \"All ART clinics will now be checked for whether they are complying with the ART Bill regulations and the authenticity of their treatments. It will become mandatory to register with the ART registry once the Bill is cleared by Parliament.\"Experts said all clinics practicing techniques such as Artificial Insemination with Donor Semen (AID), Gamete Intrafallopian Tube Transfer (GIFT), Tubal Embryo Transfer (TET), Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI), Testicular Sperm Aspiration (TESA), Testicular Sperm Extraction (TESE) or processing or storage of gametes (sperm and oocyte) and embryos will have to be part of the registry.\"Each registrant will be given a unique registration number \u2014 to be issued by the ICMR \u2014 that could be used by it for any legitimate purpose,\" officials added. \"The Bill is with the law ministry which is finalizing on how it will be presented in Parliament. It is likely to become a law soon,\" an official said.ICMR estimates that 15% of couples around the world are infertile, making infertility as one of the most prevalent medical problems with enormous social implications.\"With the enormous advances in medicine and medical technologies, 85% of the cases of infertility can be taken care of through medicines, surgery and/or the new medical technologies such as IVF or ICSI. Most of the new technologies aimed at taking care of infertility involve handling of the gamete \u2014 spermatozoa or the ooctye \u2014 outside the body. They also often involve the donation of spermatozoa or oocyte, or the use of a surrogate mother who would be carrying a baby with whom she has no biological relationship. These technologies not only require expertise, but also open up many avenues for unethical practices that can affect adversely the recipient of the treatment, medically, socially and legally,\" ICMR said.It added that the last 20-odd years have seen an exponential growth of infertility clinics that use techniques. \"As of today, anyone can open infertility or ART clinic since no permission is required. Consequently, there has been a mushrooming of such clinics across the country. In public interest, it has become important to regulate the functioning of such clinics to ensure that the services provided are ethical and that the medical, social and legal rights of all those concerned are protected.\"The ICMR's ART Bill, 2010, has put in place several important provisions. It says a woman acting as a surrogate mother in India cannot be less than 21 years or over 35 years. Also, she cannot give more than five live births, including her own children.No surrogate mother shall undergo embryo transfer more than three times for the same couple. If a surrogate mother is married, the consent of her spouse is mandatory. Only Indian citizens can be considered for surrogacy. No ART bank or clinic can send an Indian citizen for surrogacy abroad. Strict confidentiality has to be maintained about the donor's identity.A would-be surrogate mother will be duty bound not to engage in any act that could harm the fetus during pregnancy and the baby after birth. Besides, an ART clinic cannot mix semen from two individuals before use.The world recorded five million babies born through IVF, says the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE).Fertility tourists are coming to India in droves in search of surrogates from a wide range of countries, including Britain, France, the United States , Canada, Singapore, Japan, Australia, West Asia and Israel .Till now, it was also cheap to hire a surrogate mother in India. Hapless village women without strong bargaining power were lured into becoming surrogate mothers.The Bill includes a provision that says that foreigner couple will have to identify a local guardian to take care of the surrogate mother during her gestation period as well as after the delivery, till the baby is handed over to the commissioning parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858703", "title": "Now, councillors to get free internet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation has turned generous to its councillors, as after spending around 16 lakh to provide them with brand new laptops and mobile phones along with a dedicated monthly bill, it will now provide free internet connections to all the 35 municipal councillors. The benevolence would cost Rs 26,250 per month to the public exchequer, calculating to over Rs 3 lakh annually.The allotment of internet connections has been started by the IT wing of MC.An agreement has been signed with a private cellular company for monthly rental connections.The company would charge Rs 750 per month from each municipal councillor which would be ultimately reimbursed by the civic body.Joint municipal commissioner cum secretary Rajeev Kumar Gupta said, \"The decision to provide internet connections was taken in a meeting of finance and contract committee last month.\"Terming the development as an appeasement policy to facilitate councillors, P C Sanghi, chairman of Federation of Sectors' Welfare Association of Chandigarh (FOSWAC) said, \"This is shocking that public money is being wasted to facilitate the councillors. Everyone has a computer and internet connection these days, then why is public money being wasted on such expenditure which can be easily borne by people. The councillors hardly reply to any of the complaints filed with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14858492", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation acts against illegal advertisment hoardings", "text": "MANGALORE: Revenue authorities of Mangalore City Corporation led by joint commissioner K Srikanth Rao initiated a crackdown on illegal advertisement hoardings here on Thursday. The civic body staff used gas cutters to bring down unauthorised hoardings in Yeyyadi.MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar said corporation would adopt zero tolerance to such development that mars city's landscape.To compound matters for those putting up hoardings in prominent locations in the city with an eye on deriving mileage from it, the civic body has decided to get them regularized and use it for government purposes. Harish Kumar told TOI that the city corporation has to spent big sums to remove such hoardings. \"Instead, a better use of the same would be to regularise it and use it to display public utility messages including those on malaria ,\" he added.Incidentally, Harish Kumar on Monday had issued a press statement informing all concerned to remove illegal advertisement hoardings displayed on private and revenue lands, buildings, circles, junctions and those displayed on electricity poles.The drive will specifically target advertisements that are displayed without the permission number issued by the city corporation.DEADLINE FOR POSTERSMCC has set July 31 deadline to all concerned to remove religious, political and cinema posters displayed on compound walls of private and government buildings. \"People orowners of property who fail to meet this deadline will be booked under Karnataka Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act, 1981. MCC officials are following up on a resolution adopted by the council of the corporation at its monthly meeting,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14857978", "title": "New Market, Chowk off limits for illegal hawkers from Monday", "text": "BHOPAL: Come Monday, your visit to the New Market will be hassle-free. If the proposed plan of making New Market a hawker-free zone is implemented in right earnest, the market place will have plenty of space for the shoppers. No hawkers would be allowed in and around the New Market and the busy Chowk bazaar of Bhopal from Monday.Marked as a 'red zone' for vendors by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), the market would be banned for hawkers. Only registered vendors would be allowed to do business in some select localities of Bhopal.Except from 6 pm to 9 in the night, no vendors would be allowed in Arera Colony and Char Imli and other localities.\"In an attempt to curb traffic nuisance created by hawkers during peak hours and in crowded places, the corporation is implementing the project of dividing the city into red, yellow and green zones for vendors,\" Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI.Around 3,200 hawkers out of 5,219 registered hawkers in the corporation are given identity cards, who will be allowed to do business on roads in these zones. \"Illegal hawkers or those who are not registered with the corporation will not be allowed to do business on street,\" DK Jain, project in-charge, BMC, said.The proposal was initiated by the Urban Administration and Development department in 2011. Following this, Bhopal has been divided into three zones.The red zone is a no-vending zone where hawkers will not be permitted, Jain said. The red zone includes entire BRTS corridor from Misrod to Bairagarh inside and outside the New Market, Chowk Bazaar, Loha Bazaar and some more the interior areas of the old city.The yellow zone includes residential areas. Vending will be permitted in these areas only between 6 pm to 9 pm in the evening. These include all residential areas like Arera Colony, Chuna Bhatti, Char Imli and 74 bungalows.The green zone will include commercial areas like 6 No. market, 10 No. market and Bittan Market and other markets. \"The vendors will be allowed from 6 am to 9 pm in these areas,\" he said. Vending will also be permitted in registered hawkers corners of the city also known as choupaties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "14861555", "title": "Maharashtra govt sanctions 38 new colleges in Gadchiroli", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Despite it being a backward district constantly under the shadow of naxal activities, the Maharashtra government has sanctioned 38 new colleges for Gadchiroli in the present academic year to boost the education here.The increased strength of colleges would certainly benefit the students of this backward district and will prove useful in catering to their academic needs, said Dr Vijay Ainchwar, the vice chancellor of Gondwana University, under whose jurisdiction these colleges fall.Emphasis is being given to quality education in these colleges and there would be no compromise on that, the VC said adding that with the government's move, the number of colleges in the university has risen to 215 and all have started functioning from the current academic session.The one-year-old Gondwana university aims to come up as one of the best in the country and necessary steps have already been taken in that direction, he said.New courses based on natural resources and tribal culture are also being drafted and will be introduced in the colleges shortly, he mentioned.The varsity recently conducted an online entrance examination for Ph.D courses and got a tremendous response from students, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857797", "title": "Man robbed of 1.45 lakh", "text": "RANCHI: Motorcycle-borne youths robbed a middle-aged man of Rs 1.54 lakh at Radium Road on Thursday. The incident occurred at a stone's throw from the office of the Ranchi range of the DIG.H Khan, 45, had come from Bedo on his bike to withdraw the amount from the SBI's main branch near Kutchery roundabout. \"I withdrew the money and put it into the case of my bike,\" Khan told police. As soon as he reached Radium Road roundabout, the signal turned red. A bike with a pillion rider stopped near him. While all waited for the signal to go green, the pillion rider broke open the bike's case and took out the entire amount and sped away.SB Sharma, officer in charge of Kotwali police station, said raids were going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14857721", "title": "No action on ground even as two die of civic apathy", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Barely two months after a senior ONGC official lost his life after falling into an open manhole in Indirapuram, the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) seems to have learnt no lessons. The incident of a four-year-old boy, Sunny, falling into an open drain in Sector 16 of Vasundhara and losing his life has once again thrown up questions over GDA's civic responsibility.In the ONGC official's death, even though a case had been registered under Section 304A (causing death due to negligence) against GDA and a junior engineer was suspended and a warning issued to another senior engineer, no concrete steps seem to have been taken to avoid similar future incidents.At that time Santosh Yadav, GDA vice chairman, had promised to close all manholes, sewers and open drains. Claims of carrying out surveys and taking strict action against GDA employees if open manholes and drains were found seem to have fallen flat after Thursday's incident.Aghast at the callousness and blatant apathy of the administration, Ankur Tayal, son of Anil Kumar Tayal, the ONGC official who lost his life on May 10, has decided to seek redressal from court. \"Human life seems to have no value for government officials. We will go to court so that other innocent lives are saved from being lost in a similar manner,\" Ankur said.Gaurav Bansal, a social activist and advocate said that he would file a PIL and seek help from the judiciary to ensure that such rampant incidents due to the indifference of the authorities do not get repeated.\"In this area, manholes remain open. When it rains, the streets fill up with water and the drains overflow on the streets. In such situations, it's impossible for people to know if there is a gaping drain or manhole while commuting and that can result in a major mishap,\" said Aparajita Bhasin, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858667", "title": "\u2018Farmers, poor won\u2019t feel power tariff heat\u2019", "text": "Sinking under a debt pile close to Rs 45,000 crore, state discoms have been pleading to raise electricity tariffs after banks and the Reserve Bank of India toughened their stand on not lending further. In the last one year, there was a scramble by many states to increase the rates as credit dried up. Rajasthan, too, raised tariffs in September last year though marginally after seven years of status quo. This time around, the government is treading cautiously given that the political stakes are too high to ignore despite the Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission expecting a tariff hike by this month-end. In an exclusive interview to TOI, state energy minister Jitendra Singh said a decision on this may not happen before three months. He said whenever the decision comes, 60% of the consumers will not be affected as the government is ready to take an additional subsidy burden, which will rise to Rs 1,300 crore in order to spare farmers, BPL and low power consuming families. Excerpts of the interview...RERC has proposed to raise electricity tariffs given their frail fiscal situation. When is a decision on this going to be taken on this and how costlier electricity will be for consumers?As a regulator for the sector, RERC will decide when it will take that decision. But I don't think this will happen before three months as the regulator needs time to arrive at a number factoring in multiple aspects, including costs. Last year, the tariffs were raised after a gap of seven years. The hike was to the tune of 10-12% for the consumers. This time too, it should be in that region.Will the government take the bold move this time to raise the tariff for all classes of consumers including farmers, BPL and low-power consuming families?The government will protect the needy people but at no cost to the discoms which are financially in a tight spot. We are ready to take an increased subsidy burden of Rs 1,300 crore on behalf of the farmers, BPL and low-power consuming families. So, whenever a tariff revision comes in, out of the roughly one crore consumers, the hike will be only for 40 lakh people besides industries and institutions. There are 11 lakh agricultural connections, 26 lakh BPL households and many families consuming below 50 units of power. They will be sheltered from any tariff hike.The state power distribution companies are in severe financial distress. Banks are not forthcoming to refinance their debt. How are you going to correct the mess?Transmission and distribution (T&D;) losses along with purchase of power at higher rates summed up much of the ailments the discoms are suffering from. We have been aggressively addressing the issues relating to T&D; losses, which have come down 50% between 2006 and 2011. As regard to purchasing high cost power from outside, Rajasthan is well on course to become an energy-surplus state by next year. In coming years, Rajasthan will be in a place to sell power to other states worth thousands of crores. So, discoms will overcome the difficulties soon.What makes you so confident that the state will be able to earn thousands of crores by selling surplus power to other states?I don't think there are many cities in India like Jaipur where load-shedding is almost non-existent. During the peak summer time, we had power cuts but the duration was only one hour and that too for a few weeks. We had planned for around 14 lakh units factoring in a 12% rise, while the demand jumped to 16 lakh units. But we will be adding another 5,000 megawatt by 2013 taking the total capacity to 15000 mw. Public sector projects in Kalisindh, Chhabra and Ramgargh along with private sector projects including ventures from Adani group and four units of Rajwest will contribute most of the 5,000 mw target. Besides, we will have an addition of 1200 mw to the existing 2000mw capacity from wind energy and some from solar sector as well. Power projects got delayed due to the unavailability of coal blocks in the absence of environmental clearance. But now, the state has received two blocks in Chhattisgarh with all approvals which will speed up the projects.The Centre is planning a bailout package for state discoms. What is the state's reaction to the draft proposals, which will be placed before the Union cabinet?There is no denying on the issues relating to discoms. But nothing has come out in concrete about the package. If this addresses the problems, there is no reason why the state will not accept it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856682", "title": "Diarrhoea on the rise", "text": "KANPUR: Patients of diarrhoea are rising. According to health authorities, it was due to poor supply of potable water while adulterated food and mangoes are the other reasons for increase in the disease.In a survey conducted by the health department, as many as 50 areas of the city were found with zero level chlorine. In majority of areas, chlorine level in potable water was found below the average value of 2.Chief medical superintendent of UHM Hospital A K Nigam said that diarrhoeal cases are on rise in the OPD these days. Majority of patients are coming from areas like Jajmau, Old City, Kidwai Nagar and Yashoda Nagar.These are among the few localities where chlorine level in potable water was found zero.People are also getting sick due to eating contaminated and unhygienic food.\"People must avoid roadside food, cut-fruits, contaminated drinking water. One should also make sure of hygienic conditions near the surroundings to avoid getting sick,\" said a doctor.Mangoes ripened through artificial means are hazardous for health. Calcium carbide used for artificial ripening of mangoes is harmful for human health and digestive system.Diarrhoea is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. It is a common cause of death in developing countries and the second most common cause of infant deaths worldwide. The loss of fluids through diarrhoea can cause dehydration and electrolyte imbalances.Acute diarrhoea can also be caused by ethanol ingestion, which is also used for artificial ripening of mangoes. The basic reasons of diarrhoea are enzyme deficiencies, food allergy, loss of pancreatic secretions. Structural defects like short bowel syndrome can results into chronic diarrhoea.Doctors advise people to take precautionary measures to avoid getting sick from the viral diseases.The treatment of diarrhoea includes the initial doses of oral re-hydration solution (ORS) to maintain water content in the body. Antibiotics are not commonly used to treat the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857548", "title": "Pinki Pramanik may get back railway job", "text": "KOLKATA: With the North 24-Parganas district judge virtually exonerating Pinki Pramanik of the rape charge while granting her bail on Tuesday, the former athlete's suspension from service with Eastern Railway is likely to be revoked soon. Eastern Railway officials have already got in touch with legal experts and the general opinion is that the results of the medical tests carried out on her should not be considered while taking a decision.\"Rape charges were leveled against her and she was arrested. As per rules, she was automatically suspended after spending 48 hours behind the bars. The complaint didn't accuse her of being male and the medical tests were carried out as per orders of the court. Now that the court has said that she is incapable of rape, we shall consider her innocent. It is not for us to scan the medical test reports,\" an official said.Though criminal charges have been leveled against railway staff in the past and they have been suspended, officials pointed out that they have never come across a case so complex. Though there are no plans till now to take disciplinary action against her, the situation could change if international sports bodies start probing whether she qualified as a woman when participating in meets where she won medals.\"We are keeping our fingers crossed. Things may get more complex if international sports bodies decide to take back her medals. The question that will be asked then is whether her appointment as a woman track and field sportsperson in 2003 was valid. Things may get tricky then. If the inquiries reveal that she was qualified to participate in events meant for women , there won't be a problem even if the situation has changed now,\" the official added.Pinki joined the Sealdah division of Eastern Railway as a khalasi (a Group-D post) in 2003 when she was not even 17-years-old. Though rules don't allow the railways to hire minors, an exception was made in her case after talent spotters vouched that she was medal hope for the country. Within five years she got three promotions and was made a head travel ticker examiner. Before long, she shifted to the commercial department and joined as a ticket checker. After bagging gold medals in the Doha Asiad and a silver medal in the 2006 Commonwealth Games , Pinki received another boost. She got an out of turn promotion from ticket checker to travel ticket examiner. Though she missed most of the season in 2007 due to an injury, she got another out of turn promotion on May 15, 2008. This time round she was promoted to head travel ticket examiner on the recommendations of a senior official. She dashed the railways' hopes when she dropped out of the 2008 Olympics squad, citing a hamstring problem.Officials in charge of the sports department in the railways weren't too surprised when the controversy over Pinki's gender arose recently. According to sources, after the Santhi Soundarajan incident, fingers were also pointed against Pinki. After that, the athlete was asked to maintain a low profile so far as competing in international sports meets was concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857175", "title": "Storm water drain collapse caused Peddar road cave in", "text": "MUMBAI: A 4-ft portion of Pedder Road caved in at the Gamadia junction late on Wednesday, leading to huge traffic snarls on the key stretch in south Mumbai through Thursday. The cave-in, said officials, happened after a slab of an old stormwater drain under the road gave way.Though traffic police officials were present in large numbers and diversions were announced, motorists were severely inconvenienced. The snarls extended up to the Lotus junction in Worli.\"A portion of the road, including the divider, caved in on Wednesday night. BMC officials swung into action soon after. As Pedder Road sees heavy traffic movement every day, there were snarls since Thursday morning. We diverted vehicles from Haji Ali to Tardeo Road and further to Wilson College,\" said R M Thakur, senior inspector of the Tardeo traffic police outpost. Portions of both the north- and south-bound arms of Pedder Road had to be shut for repairs.While the BMC assured that the drain would be temporarily fixed by Thursday evening, a senior civic official said it would take at least two days to re-surface the affected area. \"Due to the heavy traffic flow, a slab of the drain broke. Its life span is over. It will take two days to restore and re-surface the affected portion. We have not found any leakages in underground utilities,\" said Kiran Dighavkar, sub-engineer (roads department).Incidentally, similar incidents have occurred during the past two monsoons as well. However, civic officials told TOI that they were unable to take up work on fixing the drain due to delay in the Pedder Road flyover project.\"We attend to potholes but cannot take up drain improvement work. If we take it up now, there will be duplication of work and waste of public money. A recent letter from the MSRDC states that tendering work on the flyover is in progress. However, they have also said that the environment ministry's approval is still pending. As a result, our drain work is held up,\" said Dighavkar.L S Vhatkar, chief engineer (stormwater drains), said: \"The drain runs along the middle of the road. After the columns of the proposed flyover are laid, the drain's alignment will be planned accordingly.\"Meanwhile, text messages were sent by the traffic control room, advising motorists to avoid Pedder Road and take Ambedkar Road, Senapati Bapat Marg or E Moses Road instead. Motorists aired their grievances on social networking sites. \"It took me 40 minutes to go from F Road near Marine Drive to Babulnath,\" tweeted a motorist. Another said the snarls extended till Bandra Reclamation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857125", "title": "Homemakers make successful home agents", "text": "GURGAON: If you thought that real estate business is solely a male bastion - think again! With her success in real estate consultancy Anshu Bhandari has silenced those who had told her not to diversify in this 'risky' business as she already owned an accounting firm.Today, Anshu deals in high-end apartments on Golf Course Road and maintains a limited, high-profile clientele. The fast-changing dynamics of the business and number crunching inspired her to take up the realty business. Anshu, 39, is the mother of two kids. Her husband, who is an engineer like her, supports her in these endeavours.She initially faced many challenges, like not being paid by other brokerage firms, but has now carved a niche for herself in the industry. She believes that a woman is more sincere, organized and honest. \"These qualities make clients comfortable working with a woman broker,\" she says.While three years ago, Anshu felt as if she was the only woman in this business. today there are many others working in the realty business. Her thoughts are reflected by Biju Menon who is the director at SRE India Realty, a well-known name in the industry. The company currently boasts of having three women consultants. He said, \"Women engage in regular follow-ups with clients. Thus they retain more clients than men. They personalize the process so effectively that clients are compelled to come back.\"But making inroads in this male-dominated industry has not been easy for these women. Apart from having to face cut-throat competition, they also have to turn a deaf ear to comments which find their origin in the hurt male ago.Neha Sharma, marketing division head at Shri Neelkanth Group, has faced many such situations but did not let it hamper her career graph from sloping upwards.There have been instances when men tried to forge a so-called friendship with her - the young single girl who is showing them property in deserted locations around the city. By God's grace, such incidents never turned ugly because of the cooperation and understanding shown by her employer, Sunil Verma.The MD of Vibhuti Real Estate, Ms Sabina Suri, feels that the main obstacle that women in this line face is not having the liberty to work late in the evening. Also, coming across clients who are not well educated or those who think they know more than a broker can be irksome. Being a woman makes the challenge worse. In spite of all the hurdles there is no stopping women who exhibit professionalism and efficiency. Being educated gives them an edge over the others.Menon believes that the industry is evolving at a fast pace as the number of well-read people involved is rising exponentially. This phenomenon has developed more credibility and hence there has been an influx of women. The rising demand for educated consultants is evident from the fact that Sharma - an MBA in marketing and Suri, an alumnus of Welhams School and Lady Sri Ram college, are now leading names in the network. There is a consensus on the idea that the mindsets of the clients and brokers need to undergo a radical change. The gender barrier needs to be broken and it is high time that performance was valued over anything else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kadapa", "code": "14857509", "title": "Minor files complaint against 45-yr-old hubby", "text": "KADAPA: A minor girl, who was forced into marrying a 45-year-old man, filed a complaint with police in Porumamilla in Kadapa district on Thursday seeking action against her husband. The 13-year-old girl filed the complaint against her husband Venkata Subbaiah of Komaravolu.The issue came to light only on Thursday after the girl filed the complaint.Police said the girl was forced into the marriage three months ago.\"Since the marriage, Subbaiah has been harassing her. The girl brought the matter to her mother's notice recently,\" a police official said. With Subbaiah torturing the girl, the mother brought her back to their Girinagar residence in Porumamilla mandal.Based on the complaint from the girl, police registered a case against Subbaiah, who is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857240", "title": "Bollywood producer held in cricket betting case", "text": "MUMBAI: Prakash Chandanani, co-producer of Bollywood film Gali Gali Chor Hai, was arrested by the Ahmedabad immigration cell after he landed from Dubai early on Thursday. As Chandanani was clearing the immigration cell at Ahmedabad international airport, the authorities detained him as his name was on the lookout notice (LOC).In May, this year, the crime branch had put Chandanani and cricket bookie, Sunil Abhay Chandani, on LOC in connection with cricket betting. Sources said Chandanani, who is a big-time bookie and handles Chhota Shakeel's betting syndicate, had purposely landed in Ahmedabad to evade arrest. But he did not know that once LOC is issued, it is circulated to all international and domestic airports.\"Chandanani is being brought from Ahmedabad and will be produced in court on Friday under the Gambling Act. We will also probe his role in the betting syndicate,'' said Himanshu Roy, JCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858539", "title": "Senior citizen found murdered", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police have formed two special teams to probe the latest incident of murder for gain in which a 64-year-old woman was found murdered inside her house in Visalakshi Nagar near Kovaipudur on Wednesday evening. The victim was reportedly strangulated to death by unidentified persons and her body was left behind inside the residence after the murderers decamped with seven sovereign of gold ornaments and Rs 17,000 in cash kept locked inside an almirah. The police believe that the murder might have been committed by someone who knew the victim had money kept inside the house.\"We are probing into the case and will soon get a breakthrough,\" said AK Vishwanathan, city police commissioner, Coimbatore. The body was in a state of decomposition when a family member went home to check on R Saraswathy (64) after she failed to respond to telephone calls. She was found lying dead inside her home. Kuniamuthur police was notified immediately. They arrived at the spot and took the body into custody. The post mortem was conducted at Coimbatore medical college hospital.The victim was staying alone at her residence in the locality. Her husband is no more and her son is working as a software engineer in Mumbai. Her daughter is married and is staying with her husband in the city. The family became concerned when Saraswathy did not respond to calls since Sunday and finally they decided to go to Kovai Pudur on Wednesday and found her dead. The case has been registered at Kuniamuthur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858625", "title": "Currency ring: 5 youths held in 3 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five youths have landed in the police net for allegedly using fake currency notes and in one of the cases, a computer and CPU was also recovered from miscreants during the past three years. Meanwhile, all five cases are under trial, while the accused have been released on regular bails.The interrogation of two of accused, Amardeep Singh of Amritsar and Pargat Jyot Singh of Sector 42, revealed that both used to print fake currency notes in a rented accommodation and used to do purchasing of costly items through the counterfeited currency notes. The two were arrested in April, 2010. Moreover, in August, 2011, four fake currency notes were recovered from a resident of Sector 52, Hoshiar Singh, but cops failed to ascertain the source of fake currency from accused Singh.It may be recalled, that there were also some incidents when fake currency notes came to city residents through ATM machines and complaints were lodged at concerning police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858272", "title": "Drive against the spread of dengue, malaria in Dona Paula", "text": "PANAJI: As part of the ward-wise cleanliness drive against the spread of dengue and malaria, over 50 open canoes housed near the Dona Paula jetty were inspected and sprayed with abate, an anti-larval chemical, in CCP ward 2 by officials from the urban health centre (UHC), Panaji.Panaji health officer Dr M Tamba along with CCP ward 2 councillor Nazareth Cabral inspected the area today and urged residents to turn the boats upside-down and dispose-off the old tyres to prevent collection and stagnation of water that leads to breeding of mosquitoes.Health department officials faced opposition and appeared to be helpless in view of residents of the area refusing to take responsibility for the open canoes, old tyres, and other mosquito breeding sites in the area. A large number of empty coconut shells were also seen in the area.A woman was seen justifying the old boats kept in an open space, by terming them as public property. Another resident told the health officer that he was emptying the water from his boat daily and that the open canoes were not his problem.A bar and restaurant in the area was infested with mosquitoes breeding in tyres kept behind the bar. The locals, however, refused to name the owner so that the health officials could issue a notice and fine.Tamba said, \"How are we to tackle the problem if the people refuse to cooperate. It is humanly impossible to spray each and every area.\" She said around 5 cases of malaria had already been reported from the area.Cabral said he would request residents to eliminate breeding sites and if they refused to do so, the authorities were free to take action.Tamba told the residents that fumigation and spraying were only temporary measures and appealed to them to remove all water stagnation items from the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14857853", "title": "documentary film on Jhargaon village underway", "text": "Gumla: A documentary film will be shot on Gumla's Jhargaon village which has been developed as the first model village under the convergence mode in the state. Unicef-sponsored Pranav Motion Picture will visit the place for shooting the film in a week. The administration is gearing up to showcase its rural development projects as part of the film.A team of film makers led by Pranav Shahi had visited the village and taken shots of the village as a preliminary exercise. Soumen Ray and Vinay Patnaik, both state officials of UNICEF had inspected the village before the start of the film project with the crew and interacted with the then DC Rahul Sharma to understand the genesis of the new concept. On January 21, 2010, the new development model was initiated by Sharma at the village under Government of India - United Nations joint programme.Senior officials from the UN agencies and central government have already visited the village. Comments of former DC and present DC Shubhendra Jha will also be included in the film, he added. The village has shown extraordinary development in the recent times like change in the mindset of its residents, said Shahi.Both Ray and Patnaik said, \"Unicef believes this kind of practice should be documented and showcased at other places so that people can understand and adopt the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14860612", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Police manage to arrest only 3 accused", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amid widespread outrage, the city police have identified several youths who molested a girl when she was returning home after attending a party at a city bar located in the Post Office area and a search operation is on to arrest all of them.Police sources said seven of the accused have been identified.On Thursday, two youths accused of molesting the girl were arrested taking the total number of arrests in the case to three. After city police arrested Dhanraj Basfor on Wednesday in connection with the case, another two accused -Puspendu Das alias Bubul Das and Bikash Tiwari - were picked from Hatigaon and Tarun Nagar areas respectively.\"The three youths were arrested in connection with the molestation case which happened in front of a bar on Guwahati-Shillong Road on July 10,\" superintendent of police Apurba Jyoti Barua said.Police said Bubul Das runs an eatery in Hatigaon area of the city from where he was arrested. Das hails from Nagaon district in central Assam. In the afternoon, Bikash Tiwari, another accused, was arrested from his house in located in bye lane No. 2 of Tarun Nagar. However, Das denied molesting the girl.\"I went there after seeing the crowd, but never tried to molest the girl,\" he added.A police officer said, \"We have arrested the duo after investigating the matter thoroughly. Hopefully, the other culprits will be nabbed soon\".An employee of the state government's IT development agency Amtron was sacked on Tuesday for being involved in the molestation. Police are yet to nab him.Meanwhile, sate chief minister Tarun Gogoi termed the incident in a public place as unfortunate and said it should not have been allowed to occur.He also directed the district administration and police to monitor all bars, clubs, discos and hotels and raid them at any time if there was report of any untoward incident.Chairperson of Assam State Commission for Women Neera Barooah said the commission had taken suo motu cognizance of the incident and will decide on next course of action based on police action and report.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "dharmuchak", "code": "14859207", "title": "Little Dara holds ray of hope in wrestler's village", "text": "DHARMUCHAK: As Dara Singh battled for life in hospital, Rajwinder Kaur gave birth to a boy in Dharmuchak near Amritsar, the wrestling and Bollywood hero's village. On Thursday, as he breathed his last, the boy was named Dara by his father, Kulwinder Singh, a driver.It was not just a gesture to keep the name of the most-famous-son-of-the-village alive but a reason to cheer too in a village where parents want children to be Sachin Tendulkar rather than take to wrestling.\"My son is undergoing treatment right now. He will remind the village and the world at large of the legendary Dara Singh,\" said Kulwinder.Dara Singh's ancestral home, where he lived before leaving for Singapore to become a professional wrestler in 1948, wore a deserted look. His nephew Baljit Singh Pehalwan had left with his mother Gurmeet Kaur for Mumbai.Dara Singh's friends -- Jagir Singh, 90 and the eldest in village, and Shingara Singh, 85, sat along with others under a tree next to Dara's house, recalling his achievements. \"There cannot be another Dara Singh,\" they regretted.\"He was intelligent as a kid. In Singapore, he was considered one of the brilliant 'chelas' of professional wrestlers Harnam Singh and Harbans Singh. It is an irreparable loss. The country will miss its most favourite Hanuman,\" said Shingara Singh.\"There is a 25-acre piece of agriculture land in his name, which his nephew gives out on contract. Going by tradition, Dara Singh had got a Hanuman temple constructed in his fields where local wrestlers assemble to offer prayers and take the pledge of celibacy.Darbara Singh, 74, who used to frequent akhadas with Dara Singh as a youngster, said it pans him to watch how the village youth are going astray, with some even taking to drugs. \"Wrestling brings about discipline. But, nobody seems to be sweating it out. Drug abuse is rampant too. No wonder, Dara Singh's village has not produced a wrestler of any repute in the last 30 years,\" said Darbara Singh, tears flowing down his cheeks. He proudly displays photos of his, clicked along with Dara Singh.It was in 2010 that Dara Singh visited Dharmuchak for the last time when he inaugurated a local stadium. \"He sat here and asked us about our demands and also asked the youth to keep away from drugs and become responsible citizens,\" said Jagir Singh, a resident of Dharmuchak.A student, Lovepreet Singh, had posed along with Dara Singh when he had last visited the village. On Thursday, Lovepreet had got the photo along with him to school, where students and teachers paid tributes to their village icon.Many in the village feel wrestling should be promoted in Dara Singh's village. \"Not a single akhada is left in this village now. This makes us idolize cricketers like Sachin Tendulkar. Moreover, there is more money and fame in cricket,\" said Manjit Singh, a young cricket enthusiast in Dharmuchak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858382", "title": "Projects monitoring gets nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the number of public private partnership (PPP) projects on the rise, the government has decided to set up institutional monitoring mechanism to ensure speedy completion of project and efficient service delivery by private player. The mechanism, cleared by the Union cabinet, will have a two-tier system \u2014 projects monitoring unit (PMU) at project authority level and performance review unit (PRU) in the ministry concerned.The ministry will submit quarterly report to the Planning Commission and the finance ministry about exceptional cases, and a consolidated report will be placed before the cabinet. \"We want to address the legitimate concern of many, who think that the government has absolved its responsibility in PPP projects,\" said deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, adding that it has become necessary to adopt a well-defined institutional structure for overseeing contract performance effectively.The move has come at a time, when an increasing reliance is being placed on PPP projects across many wings of the government. So far, 432 projects on PPP mode have been completed and another 585 are in implementation stage. \"The mechanism is to oversee contract performance effectively,\" said an official.\"This is all the more necessary as concessionaires will have an incentive to cut corners whereas the criticism would be faced by the government,\" he added. The report will cover compliance of conditions, adherence to timelines, assessment of performance, remedial measures, imposition of penalties, etc, a statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14858547", "title": "Carjackers use simple ruses to strike easy", "text": "PANCHKULA: Beware when an innocent-looking guy asks you for a ride or help anywhere around Panchkula as carjacking gangs dupe people in the garb of a student or an old helpless man. The actor among the gang members stops the vehicle either by asking for lift or suddenly appearing in front of it and the gang strikes at opportunity.The detective staff of Panchkula police discovered the modus operandi of one such vehicle-lifting gang on first day of the remand of three members they arrested on Wednesday.\"In an educated township like Panchkula, very few people stop if someone signals them to on the highway, which is the reason why these robbers used to dress up as innocent people in need of help. One of them would wear spectacles, oil his hair and carry a bag to look like a student,\" said Deepak Kumar of the detective staff, after recording their statements.Kumar said they would even appear in front of a vehicle and then express innocence apologizing while the remaining gang members took the opportunity to strike in an instant. \"They did not need to do any such act the last time they robbed Sector 21 resident from Panchkula Vinay Kumar of his sedan as he had himself stopped his car for urination,\" added Kumar.Mastermind of the gang Harry, who is still on the run, used to come up with such ideas. His arrest is expected to reveal more unknown facts about the gang. The three arrested members said they used to look for easy and vulnerable prey.The Panchkula detective staff busted this inter-state car jacking gang on Wednesday. The police are suspecting involvement of several others in the gang and are looking out for the mastermind Harry. The arrested youths were identified as Harjeet from Horshiarpur, Daljinder from Gurdaspur and Sukhdev from Mansa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14856518", "title": "CBI likely to close 2 Commonwealth Games graft cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI is likely to close its probe in two cases - construction of the Barapullah flyover and the Rs 766-crore bailout package given to Emaar MGF for construction of the Games Village in east Delhi - related to alleged corruption during the Commonwealth Games, 2010.CBI sources said the agency had registered an enquiry in connection with the bailout package given to Emaar MGF by the Delhi Development Authority for construction of 1,168 flats in the Games Village. However, it was decided to close the case as the probe failed to substantiate the allegations.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), in its report, had said DDA had extended a bailout package of Rs 766.89 crore in the form of procurement of 333 apartments at the rate of Rs 11,000 per square feet on the ground that the venture was of \"national prestige and was to be completed in time\". The high-level committee, chaired by former CAG V K Shunglu, also raised questions about the valuation procedure while extending the bailout package to Emaar MGF.CBI has also decided to close the FIR it had registered last year against PWD officials and a few firms in connection with alleged irregularities for construction of the Rs 620cr Barapullah Nullah flyover for the Games.The agency had alleged that the contractor and PWD officials had inflated the cost. The Prime Minister-appointed Shunglu Committee had also criticized the Delhi government for alleged irregularities in the Barapullah flyover project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14858680", "title": "You can be booked for feeding monkeys on NH-73", "text": "PANCHKULA: Be alert when you enjoy feeding a monkey on National Highway-73 stretch of Panchkula-Barwala road as plain-clothes police officers could be watching you and even shooting a video for proof.Section 144 CrPC orders were issued after the cops received repeated complaints of people feeding monkeys and blocking the traffic midway on this highway. According to sources in police, both children and adults can be booked for the act.\"People usually feed monkeys with bread and other eatables on the NH-73 which results in a lot of nuisance and heavy traffic congestion on the highway. It's risky too as people suddenly stop midway to see the animal out of fascination,\" said public relations officer (PRO) of Panchkula police department, inspector Raj Kumar.He added, \"In lieu of this nuisance, orders under Section 144 of CrPC were issued. Any person found feeding the animal will be booked. Even children who are found feeding monkeys, keeping juvenile rights in mind, too will be booked.\"There have been several cases when traffic jams have been reported because of the kids and people feeding to the animals on the highway. \"Cops in civvies will be deployed to watch people and shoot their videos for proof,\" said another officer. He added, \"Around six serious accidents have taken place in the past two months due to feeding of these animals.\"On some occasions, when PCR cops stopped people from feeding monkeys, the latter indulged in brawls on the plea that they cannot be inhuman and let poor animals starve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858338", "title": "Government sweetens land acquisition deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Persons displaced by land acquisition would be paid an extra 12% of the cost of land every year, in what is seen as the government's bid to sweeten the deal after insisting on state's role in buying land for private parties.The proposed changes to the Land Acquisition Bill add 12% of market value of the land acquired to the package of compensation and solatium to the evacuee. This money would be paid annually from the date that government announces acquisition of land to the time it takes possession or awards liabilities to the evacuee.The amendment is part of the government's response to a parliamentary panel's recommendations on the legislation. As reported by TOI, the Jairam Ramesh-headed rural development ministry has rejected the demand that government should not acquire land for private industry or Public Private Partnership projects.It has also refused to bring a plethora of sector-specific acquisition bills, like those of roadways and railways, under the ambit of LA bill, though it has agreed to put the SEZ Act under its jurisdiction. The redrafted bill is likely to come up in the monsoon session of Parliament next month. The move to hike compensation is aimed at winning support from MPs.According to the bill, landowners will get twice the land price in rural areas and just the sale price in urban areas.The land cost will be based on market value, to be determined by sale deeds registered in the region. In addition, landowners will get \"solatium\" of 100% of compensation amount and also the value of assets on the land acquired.The 12% of market value of land annually between the notification and the award of compensation will be over and above this package.Sources said the enhancement of compensation is directly linked to making a persuasive argument for letting the bill through. While sections in government have argued that high compensation would discourage industries, the RD ministry has argued that amendment to the 1894 bill was about neutralizing the anger against land acquisition. A strong section of society wants the bill to discourage acquisition.The ministry decided against putting an overwhelming number of sector-specific acquisition laws, like in railways and roadways, under the LA bill. While the parliamentary panel argued that exempting 16 central Acts would put 95% of acquisition cases beyond the new rules of acquisition and compensation, RD ministry said the laws were sector specific.While keeping a liberal regime for acquisition, the new bill has sought to tighten the \"urgency clause\" by limiting it to defence, internal security and national calamities. The \"urgency clause\" empowers the government to take possession of any land under the acquisition law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856680", "title": "Manholes open, now concrete covers stolen", "text": "GURGAON: Efforts of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) to cover abandoned manholes are proving to be useless, as the covers are being stolen during the night. A senior HUDA official admitted that numerous incidents of manhole covers being stolen have been observed in the last two weeks.After four-year-old Mahi fell into a 68-foot-deep pit and died, HUDA had decided to cover all the manholes before the arrival of the monsoon. The HUDA administrator's office was flooded with complaints about uncovered manholes and HUDA officials had started covering abandoned manholes state-wide.\"The new manhole covers were made of concrete mix and they were thought to be a viable option as compared to the metallic ones. But, it is shocking that the thieves are stealing concrete manhole covers as well,\" said the HUDA official. According to unconfirmed reports, over 100 manhole covers are missing and the department is clueless about the culprits. The incidents of missing manhole covers, are now taking the shape of a criminal offence.\"The residents and Residents' Welfare Associations (RWA) must be proactive and keep vigil in their colonies to nab the culprits,\" said another HUDA official.Earlier, HUDA had covered the manholes with metallic covers. Sources in HUDA are now attributing the surge in the number of missing covers to the reward scheme. The district administration had recently announced a reward of Rs 500 to any person who informs the authorities about an uncovered manhole. The reward should be withdrawn, so that it is not misused. Instead, the informer should be given a commendation certificate,\" said the HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861219", "title": "Dara Singh's last fight will hit theatres this October", "text": "Dara Singh has last acted in a Punjabi film 'Gabhru Des Punjab De' that is due for release in October this year. Directed and produced by Chandigarh based filmmaker Jaswinder Cheema, who first produced the successful 'Chann Pardesi' in 1981, the film is themed on wrestling.\"The film shows Daraji as the ustad who runs his own akhada and trains two bright wrestlers, played by the current number one wrestler, Parminder Doomchedi and Jagdish Bhola,\" says Cheema who has made another film before this, 'Rustam-e-Hind'.However, \"It was when I was making 'Rustam-e-Hind' that I realised that a film on wrestling should be on the real Rustam-e-Hind, Dara Singh . Hence, I made 'Gabhru Des Punjab De' and approached Daraji for the role. But he was so frail by the time we finished production of the film three months ago that for the final dubbing I had to go to his house as he couldn't make it to the studios,\" he says adding, \"Nevertheless, throughout the shooting the man never showed any signs of weak health and carried on like a true professional. We are dedicating this film to him.\"Before this, Dara Singh's previous film was the Shahid Kapur, Kareena Kapoor starrer, 'Jab We Met'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858402", "title": "Vaccine not seen as cause, but postmortem report awaited", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the death of three-month-old Tanujashree, two hours after being given the pentavalent vaccine at a Chennai Corporation health centre in Otteri, the exact cause of death remains unknown. While health officials rule out the vaccine being the cause, the girl's family blames the injection.Tanujashree, her father K M Ramarao said on Thursday, \"weighed 3 kg at birth and never suffered even a slight fever or cough.\" The family dismissed all theories of individual complications saying she had only been fed breast milk and not given any medicine since birth. \"My child was active till she was administered the injection. I want to know the cause of the death,\" said Ramarao.On Wednesday, just before being administered the vaccine, she was examined at the corporation health centre in Otteri. \"At 9am, the doctor-in-charge checked her, recorded her weight and told us she was doing well,\" said her father in tears. Fifteen minutes later, she was given polio drops, and the vaccine injection five minutes after. \"We followed all instructions,\" said Ramarao. While some children can develop a slight temperature after vaccination, Tanujashree had no such symptoms after her first dose - administered when she completed one month. An infant has to be administered three doses of the vaccine.The family suspects she took her last breath around 11.25am, when she made a big gasp and went still. When her mother Mahalakshmi rushed her to the centre, the doctor-in-charge reportedly said she was 'serious' but 'alive'.However, at the Government Children's Hospital, she was declared brought dead. \"The doctors told us she had passed away sometime ago, while trying out a few life-saving measures,\" Ramarao said. Though the girl died before 12.30pm on Wednesday, the body was sent to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital only at noon on Thursday for postmortem. At the hospital, the family had to wait for hours before a first information report was filed, and a requisition given for the port-mortem. The process was completed only at 5pm.A case was registered under CrPC Section 174 (unnatural death). \"We will pursue the case after getting the post-mortem report and the chemical analysis report,\" a police officer said. Corporation officials insist the death was not due to the vaccine. \"We have been administering the vaccine from December and not a single child has had such problems,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857006", "title": "Students at wit's end on Day 1 of online counselling", "text": "BANGALORE: It was not a great start for the first online counselling of the Common Entrance Test (CET) on Thursday. First, it was the seat matrix that came in late. Then, the network congestion. Finally, the website turned super slow leaving students at their wit's end.It's for the first time that the CET seat selection process for admission to professional colleges is going online. The students are to enter their options of courses and college from 6am on July 12 to 5pm on July 18, 2012. Karnataka Examination Authority is working with the e-governance department and National Informatics Centre (NIC) to deliver the counselling process online. Around 19,000 students managed to enter the options on the first day.\"I started trying from 11am. First the website refused to open. When it finally opened, I could log in but the main page did not open. I kept trying till 5.30pm. I am worried. Only consolation is that there are enough days left to do it,\" said Monica C H, a student from St Anne's PU College.Agreed Kiran Kumar, an engineering seat aspirant. \"The four links to option entry failed to open. It will be wise to wait and do it later when the rush is less,\" he said.The officials said the server has as much as 128 GB and can handle around 80,000 students at a time. Instead it was the type of network that created the problem. Technical issues are expected to be sorted out by day end.\"The seat matrices came to us very late. Putting up the seat matrix of 190 colleges category wise itself ate up lot of time. We had to work over the night to upload it on the website by afternoon. Then, a large number of students was logging in at the same time. We hope that it will be stabilized by night when the load comes down. We will create multiple links and by Day 2 everything would be set right,\" said Rashmi V, executive director, Karnataka Examination Authority.DON'T PANICStudents, don't panic. You have six more days to enter your options. You will not need more than two hours to enter 1,300 options. What you need to do is to go through the seat matrix carefully. Take time to decide on the options. It's not on first-come-first-serve basis. Do it in your own strideRashmi V | executive director, Karnataka Examination AuthorityIN NUMBERSThere were around 57,000 students who got their documents verified to participate in the counselling. The number of seats for engineering is 49,214 and medical is 2,222.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14857757", "title": "MoU with US firm to better teen healthcare", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Thursday signed an MoU with EngenderHealth, a leading global reproductive health organization of the US, to improve the quality of healthcare of adolescent girls in Bihar. The partnership aims at creating awareness among adolescent girls about reproductive system.After signing the MoU on behalf of the state government, health secretary-cum-executive director, state health society (SHS), Bihar, Sanjay Kumar said, \"According to the National Health Family Survey (NHFS-3), 69% of the girls in the state get married before 18 years age and one out of four girls in the 15-19 age group gets pregnant. Again, 86% of these girls are not covered under any proper family planning programme, adversely affecting their health. This partnership will improve their health condition and help them lead a healthy life.\"These young women have limited access to reproductive health information and services, putting them at risk of injury or death during pregnancy or making them vulnerable to sexually transmitted diseases like HIV, Kumar said, adding that the partnership would strengthen the capacity of service providers to offer quality health services through innovative approaches. The implementing partner will also train local supervisors and programme managers in assessing the quality of services, track those areas that need improvement, and focus on service quality and client satisfaction.Early age pregnancy increases the risk of female as well as infant mortality as the child born is weak and malnourished, the health secretary said. \"The mortality rate of children born to adolescent mothers is 84% in the state. The NHFS-3 survey also states that 66.4% youths are anaemic which increases their risk factor.\"The state government has already formulated many plans under adolescent reproductive sexual health (ARSH) programme for the year 2012-13. The programme aims at reaching out to the youngsters at an impressionable age before they become sexually active to help them lead a responsible lifestyle, healthy relationship and safe sex habits.EngenderHealth was represented by Hari Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14857708", "title": "Students smear Scheduled Castes panel chief's face", "text": "ARA: Irate inmates of Scheduled Castes (SC) and Scheduled Tribes (ST) hostel smeared black powder on the face of the chairman, Bihar State Scheduled Caste Commission ( BSSCC), Vidyanand Vikal, on Thursday when he reached there to assess the loss incurred by the students of the hostel.Vikal, along with the director and deputy director, welfare department, reached the SC/ST hostel located at Katira locality under Nawada police station area on Thursday to assess the loss incurred by the students of the hostel. But the students were in an aggressive mood and smeared black powder on Vikal's face and damaged his vehicle.The supporters of Ranvir Sena founder, Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji had burnt the hostel and the study materials of the students of the SC/ST hostel on June 1, 2012, after Mukhiyaji's murder but the local administration did not come to the help of the hostel inmates even after the lapse of one-and-a-half months since the incident.Vikal told TOI that he, along with some officials, had come to assess the loss incurred by the students of the hostel on June 1 so that compensation could be given to them, but some unauthorized occupants of the hostel, said to be supporters of a Left party, opposed him and smeared black powder on his face. He appealed to the people to maintain peace and harmony in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857780", "title": "Failures turn high-flyers in \u2018marks for cash\u2019 scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Urvish Simon Parmar, a Class 12 (science) student, failed in the recent examinations. If one goes by his answersheets, he secured 11 marks in chemistry, 18 in physics and 23 in mathematics. Miraculously though, the marksheet that he received shows that he secured 82 marks each in chemistry and maths and 81 marks in physics. With these marks, he would have got admission in a top engineering college in Gujarat.Thankfully, the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) unearthed a widespread marks-for-cash scam before the admissions lists for professional colleges were announced. Parmar is one of the 150-odd students whose marks have been tampered with. On the face of it, this is a case of wrong data being entered into the computer. Investigations, however, revealed a deeper nexus between board officials and Nilpa Software Systems, which was hired to prepare the marksheets.Just look at the level of manipulation here. In Parmar's case, a student who got 17% marks, was catapulted to 81.66%. In all, there are 46 students whose marks were raised by 100 or more. These are the most suspicious of all cases, though there are about 100 other students who got between 10 and 99 'bonus' marks.Almost one-third of these students, whose results got boosted by 100 marks or more, had opted for biology as a subject and some of these are believed to be sons and daughters of doctors. Sources have disclosed that an amount ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh was charged from parents of these students. Sound economics this - pay Rs 5 lakh to get into the merit list rather than pay Rs 20 lakh as donation for admission to a medical college!Those manipulating the marks were careful enough not to award more than 90 marks in any subject. The reason being that the board has a software which tracks how students, who secure more than 90% marks in the board exam, fare in the Gujarat Common Entrance Test (Gujcet). If any discrepancy is found, the marksheets are reassessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857880", "title": "National Innovation Foundation buys 50 technologies from farmers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Innovation Foundation (NIF), which converts ideas and innovations into products, has bought 50 technologies from farmers. NIF will now make them available to millions of consumers through various entrepreneurs.NIF has created a fund to obtain the rights of technologies from innovators after compensating them for the same. These engineering technologies and agricultural varieties will then be given to small scale entrepreneurs for manufacturing, marketing and distribution. In many cases, further research work will also be undertaken.Grassroots Technology Acquisition Fund (TAF), sponsored by the department of science and technology, has a budget of over Rs 80 lakh which will be scaled up this year.\"This is the first such fund to expand public domain. Sometimes, an innovator may not have sufficient resources to scale up his or her innovations. But these innovations may be of national interest or for the public good,\" said Anil Gupta , executive vice-chairman, NIF.\"For instance, improvements in design of a kerosene stove which saves energy may be vital for national interest but the innovator concerned may not have the capacity to diffuse it to manufacturers. So, the fund will help the innovators manufacture their innovations from small scale companies at a low or no cost,\" Gupta explained.In February, NIF organized the first TAF meeting with farmers in collaboration with Protection of Plant Varieties and Farmers' Rights Authority (PPVFRA) in Delhi in which 24 farmers, from eight states, who had developed over 39 improved varieties of 15 crops participated and Rs 13 lakh was disbursed to them from TAF.List of engineering technologies bought for TAFCoconut huskerHand operated pumpKerosene stove with feed fuel tankCardamom drying chamberSide-stand gear lock systemCycle pumpCentrifugal sprayerAutomatic horse shaverImproved wood cutting machineTransmission of energy from shock absorber for smooth riding of bicycleTelephone operated remote switchImproved hand pumpBullock operated sprayerBicycle hoeSprayerBullet driven sprayerAuto air kick pump for two wheelers and tongsNursery bag fillerAutomatic thread winder", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14856875", "title": "Shettar's quote on drought", "text": "We are passing through a critical phase of drought and it is our bounden duty to respond to the people's sufferings. Officials should make the lower-rung grassroots level staff function and deliver the goods. The government's success to provide relief to people depends on the functioning of the official machinery, and nothing else matters.Jagadish Shettar to officials on handling drought", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858012", "title": "Baghpat panchayat issues Talibani diktat for women", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a country where women have served on the country's highest Constitutional posts, the fairer sex is being made to live the Taliban way in Aasra village of Baghpat district of UP, barely 50km from the national capital.The village panchayat has put a total ban on women under 40 years from visiting local markets, using cellphones and being seen in public without their head covered. Ironically, when approached by the media persons, the women residents of the village first supported the ban, but when probed further there were many voices of protest.The panchayat has also issued instructions that anyone resorting to love-marriage will face a total boycott from community and those found helping them out will be dealt with similarly. The panchayat will also make efforts to ensure that such couples are kept outside the village. The panchayat is of the view that such restrictions will help ensure that young boys and girls with 'naive' minds are not driven towards \"filmi love affairs\" and spoil their life.The contention of the panchayat is that the use of cellphones by young boys and girls has led to a sharp increase in instances of eve-teasing and elopement in the region. \"This unrestricted communication is the main cause of such objectionable union of the naive minds who take steps which brings ridicule and embarrassment to their parents and their communities,\" said a panchayat member refusing to identify himself on grounds that the media was raking up the issue unnecessarily. \"The panchayat has decided not entertain the media on the issue,\" he said.About the restriction on women below 40 venturing out to the weekly markets with no male or elderly family member accompanying them, another panchayat member said: \"You people are twisting the turning the things at your convenience. Our belief is that if you want to go out for some genuine reason then what is the harm in being accompanied by an elderly, be it your parents or any other family member?\" he questioned.But the 'Talibani' restrictions on women have led to some sharp reactions from women activists across the state and beyond. \"This is ridiculous. Why are the restrictions on women only. Why doesn't the panchayat stops men from visiting the weekly market instead of women. If men are kept away, the atmosphere will be equally secure for women at the market\" says Shaista Amber, president and founder of the All India Muslim Women Personal Law Board (AIWPLB).Madhu Garg, a social activist, says that such decisions of a panchayat should be countered head on. Gang, who is president of the UP chapter of All India Democratic Women Association (AIDWA), says the government should intervene immediately and set the things right.Baghpat superintendent of police VK Shekhar however has a slightly different point of view. He believes that action can be initiated only if the move is in contrast with the law of the land or there is a complaint from any of the local residents saying that such tenets were against their fundamental rights.Asked about the police action initiated in the incident, Shekhar said he has sought a report from the local police station on the entire issue. \"If the police find there is anything that is against the law of the land, we will surely initiate action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861735", "title": "Nervous about comedy, not dance: Bharti Singh", "text": "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors TV is getting tougher and fiercer as constants are on Red Alert!With the dance reality show going into the third round of eliminations, one contestant remains fearless. And that's the cute, funny and bubbly Bharti Singh! This weekend, Bharti gears up to do something very different from what's generally expected out of her. She will dance to the emotional song Kyun Main Jagoon from the film Patiala House . The song is a sad one and Bharti steps out of her comfort zone to challenge herself further. \"What people don't know is that I'm a very emotional person. Finally, jo andar hain, woh bahar nikal raha hain \". Adding, \"This is a very tough thing for me to do because I'm a standup comedian\".So is the competition proving to be tough?\"I'm a bindass person. I'm not worried at all. Because dance is really not my thing. Comedy is my forte. So I'd be nervous for a comedy act because I know I have to do w ell there\". But who will make it to the finals? \"Can't say anything. If you see Sushil Kumar, he's a common man from a village who couldn't really dance. But five episodes down and he's doing wonders. So you really can't say who will go into the finals\".With Bharti's emotional act, Jhalak fans will also be delighted to see Giaa Manek transform from a desi bahu into a comedian. But there's more! Hottie Gurmeet Choudhary along with choreographer Shampa will dance on a romantic sequence as a scientist falls in love with a robot!Keep reading to get all the latest updates and news on your favourite dance reality show: Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14858996", "title": "Cops now suspect Laila Khan's murder planned in advance", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after the crime branch recovered the six skeletons believed to be that of Bollywood starlet Laila Khan and family, police officials on Thursday said that contrary to Parvez Tak's confession of having committed the act in a fit of rage, they suspect that it was a well-planned murder. Crime branch sources said a close look at the sequence of events leading to the murders showed that Tak, the main accused and Laila's mother Saleena's third husband, was putting in place a plan to wipe out the entire family.Tak, a resident of Kishtwar in Jammu and Kashmir, in his confession said that he first killed Saleena in the wee hours of February 8, 2011, after a heated argument and later her wards as they had witnessed the killing. He told the crime branch that he was distraught and felt cheated that the entire family was planning to migrate to Dubai without him and they had more trust in Saleena's second husband Asif Shaikh, who had been given the power of attorney to her properties.Tak said he could not go abroad as he didn't possess a passport and this was the reason for the tiff with Saleena.But sources said Tak had set the plan in motion as early as December 2010 when he fired the watchman of Igatpuri farmhouse, Prakash Mengle and his family, and replaced him with his long-time associate Shakir Hussain Wani from Kishtwar. Also, Tak along with Saleena and Laila's cousin Reshma alias Tulli had been camping at the farmhouse from February 2 last year and he was insisting that the rest of the family join them. \"Tak had been consistently calling Laila and Azmina insisting them to come. Laila seemed to be disinterested and kept on postponing it. Tak along with Saleena finally came down to Oshiwara on February 7 to pick up Laila and her siblings and they agreed to go their farmhouse,\" a police official said. Tak told them to go ahead and though he had just come from Igatpuri, driving around 120 km to their Oshiwara flat, within a couple of hours, he again drove back to the farmhouse. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said the family had a barbecue party on February 7 night and retired around 1am.The entire murders happened after that and began with a heated argument between Tak and Saleena. Saleena was the first victim of Tak and he bludgeoned her to death with a grinding stone, police sources said. They said when Imran, Zara and Azmina heard the commotion, they came down. On seeing their mother hurt and bleeding to death, they started attacking Tak, who then summoned Shakir , who immediately swung into action by grabbing a knife. He also helped Tak bury the bodies and then clean up the Oshiwara flat.\"Prime facie, the sequence of events have forced us to believe that the murders could be premeditated. But it is too early to say as our investigations is in progress,\" said Deepak Patangre , senior inspector of crime banch.Premeditated killings?In December 2010, Parvez dismissed the regular watchman of the Igatpuri farmhouse without giving any reason and brought in Shakir Hussain Wani as a caretaker It was Parvez who had been insisting on the entire family having a get-together at the Igatpuri farmhouse. Parvez along with Saleena and Reshma had been camping at the farmhouse from February 2, 2011 and he kept on calling Laila and her siblings to join them. Finally, they all came together on February 7 and held a barbecue party with musicWhen Parvez was attacked, he summoned Shakir, who immediately swung into action by grabbing a knife. He also helped Parvez bury the bodies and clean up the Oshiwara flatHunt on for ShakirThe city crime branch on Thursday sent a team to Kishtwar in Jammu and Kashmir to trace Parvez Tak's accomplice Shakir Hussain Wani, who assisted him in the murder of Laila Khan and her family. Tak told police that Shakir has been absconding from December last year. Meanwhile, the crime branch added murder charges against Tak, who was earlier booked for kidnapping. Police are now exploring whether sections of theft can also be added against him and Shakir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857069", "title": "BBMP throws its hands up", "text": "BANGALORE: \"There is no simple solution to the solid waste management crisis. We can either send the garbage outside Bangalore or contain it within the city.\"That's BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda's comment about the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board's letter asking his agency to shut down the Mavallipura landfill.The commissioner said the problem would be solved once the power project at the landfill where garbage would be converted into electricity became operational. \"This project has been approved and it takes six months for implementation,\" he said.Will it be shut down?\"If the KSPCB chairman says it should be shut down, then we'll certainly look at the feasibility. But the garbage being sent to Mavallipura would end up being within the city or will be on the outskirts. There is no other choice,\" he said.Stating that his sympathies are with the residents of Mavallipura who have been putting up with the stench for years, he said: \"The protests of the villagers are justified. Why should they face the brunt of Bangalore's garbage?\" he said.Garbage factfile* Every day, BBMP sends about 120 garbage trucks to Mavallipura village, about 30km from Bangalore* Since 2007, at least 10 million tonnes of municipal solid waste dumped here, spreading a stench in 12 villages in the vicinity* Other affected villages are Kurubarahalli, Lingarajapura, Subedar Palya, Shivakote, Ramagondanahalli, Mylarahalli, Belekere and Muttyadahalli* Affected villages within 10-km radius of Ramky plant at MavallipuraHealth hazardThe landfill has adversely affected the health of residents and the ecology. Leachate, an end product of the garbage processing unit, contains arsenic and cadmium and these toxic components are kept in the open. There was a dengue death here in 2010 due to unhygienic conditions and the mosquito menace. Three persons of the village due to renal failure in the past six months and villagers blame the landfill for the ground water being contaminated, leading to these deaths.What can you do?* Make sure you have two separate bins at home -- for wet and dry waste* Segregate waste at source itself* Sell your plastic and paper waste to ragpickers or raddiwalas* Send your e-waste to authorized dealer who will send it for recycling* Use wet waste for your garden or give it to a pourakarmika", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14857502", "title": "'Psycho' escapes from police", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a mysterious manner, Psycho Sambasiva Rao gave police the slip on Kodapalli hill near Ibrahimpatnam on Thursday when the police team took him there to recover the jewellery that he had allegedly stolen from some of his victims. The Guntur police had nabbed the criminal on Wednesday.Samba's mysterious escape created a flutter in police circles as he was escorted by a posse of armed cops when he reportedly ran away.According to sources, at least two inspectors, two sub-inspectors and 10 constables from the crime wing of Guntur urban district took the criminal to Kondapalli Quila late in the afternoon after he told them that he had 'stashed' away the jewellery stolen from various women on the hillock.Police said Sambasiva Rao escaped from their custody though he was hand-cuffed and his legs were chained. Sources said that a team of cops escorted him up to the hill, but only one of them accompanied him to the top of the quila giving him an opportunity to escape.An escort constable was also injured when the 'psycho' pushed him away and jumped into the bushes before disappearing.Rumours soon began spreading that police had deliberately allowed Sambasiva Rao to escape from the custody only to kill him in a stage-managed encounter. Although police top brass strongly denied these rumours, the way Sambasiva Rao escaped from their custody raised several eyebrowsregarding police moves. The cops were not far behind him when where he escaped but their failure to nab him gave rise to suspicions. Police claimed that the offender might not have gone far and that they would 'nab' him soon.Psycho Samba is accused in about 100 cases in six districts, from Chittoor to Krishna, in which he specifically targeted women and the aged. He used to attack lonely women. The Mangalagiri police had nabbed him after a six-month long hunt.Meanwhile, additional forces have been rushed to Kondapalli area and police teams have surrounded the hillock to nab the offender. Another story doing the rounds is that the police team might have pushed the accused into the boulders from the hill-top and left there without attending to him for a few hours so that they can later claim it as an 'accidental' death. This would clear the cops from facing queries from rights activists who often allege that police resort to fake encounters to 'bump off' the criminals and later portray it as a shooting in self-defence.However City police commissioner Madhusudan Reddy and Guntur urban SP Ravikrishna rubbished the talk and said that Samba had indeed escaped from the police net. They said that they would catch him before he left Kondapalli area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858659", "title": "Three highways in Sonia\u2019s constituency to get facelift", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry will widen and refurbish three highway stretches connecting Sonia Gandhi's constituency Rae Bareli with 100% government funding.The Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure on Thursday approved the plan to expand the 166-km single lane highway between Rae Bareli and Jaunpur to two-and-a-half lanes on BOT (annuity) mode while other two stretches - Rae Bareli-Tanda and Rae Bareli-Banda - would be widened on engineering-procurement-construction mode.In the first case, the government will pay back the entire project cost - Rs 569 crore - with interest to the private contractor in a staggered manner in 17 years. The developer will start receiving payment after completing the project in two years.Though the total cost of Rae Bareli-Jaunpur stretch is Rs 647.98 crore, Rs 78.62 crore of this will be spent on land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation and pre-construction work. The highway stretch covers Rai Bareli, CSM Nagar, Pratapgarh and Jaunpur.Sources in the highways ministry said the other two projects would be taken up as pilot ones on the EPC contract mode by National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). The highway authority will invite tenders for Rae Bareli to Banda (140 km) costing Rs 490 crore and Rae Bareli to Tanda (165 km) costing Rs 600 crore. In these cases, the contractor will have to complete the projects within a stipulated timeframe and will also be responsible for their maintenance for at least two yearsBoth these stretches will be widened to two-and-a-half lanes from single lane. \"These projects will be awarded as soon as the Cabinet approves the EPC document. We had earlier invited bids to shortlist the bidders. But that process will start again,\" a ministry official said.He added that two different modes of construction have been adopted for different roads considering the traffic flow. \"Since the latter two highway stretches have less than 5,000 vehicles per day, we are taking them up on EPC mode,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857474", "title": "Quick test, not exam in Class XI", "text": "KOLKATA: Class XI students of the state higher secondary board are going to rejoice. They will no longer have to take a taxing annual exam in their pre-board year. From next year, a 3-hour multiple-choice test will suffice.The West Bengal Higher Secondary Council has already accepted the HRD ministry's decision to allow the top 20 percentile students from each state board to qualify for IIT-JEE.Now, the Class XI exam will be replaced by a 'problem solving assessment test' of three-hour duration, comprising 100 marks worth of multiple choice questions. The Council of Boards of School Education in India (COBSE) has asked the state boards to implement the policy. The HS Council will seek sanction for the COBSE decision in its upcoming executive council meeting and then put it up to the government for approval.The students can take the test at their school but the answer scripts will be checked centrally at regional offices of the council.\"The question paper will be set by HS Council. It will be drawn from all five subjects and test the concept of the students,\" said a school education department official.The Class XI score will be reflected in the HS board marksheet, a council official said. CBSE has already implemented the system from its 2012 session.The test has a lot of advantages, the official said. \"Students will be motivated if the number of examinations is reduced. Teachers can concentrate on teaching the textbooks instead of giving out notes for students to learn by rote. Students will get to understand the importance of reading between the lines. Earlier, the six-subject examinations stretched over 11 days in Class XI,\" he added.When students realize that the exam is of only one day, they will not feel the pressure of all six subjects combined into one question paper. \"Private tutors and coaching classes, who have a flourishing business teaching students of Class XI and XII, will no longer have a great time,\" the official said.And since the test result will be reflected on the board marksheet, students will have to take it seriously. \"In many cases, schools delay submitting the marks because of the lackadaisical attitude of teachers in checking the answerscripts. This problem will be minimized since the scripts will be checked at the regional centres. The machines will check the answerscripts thus reducing the possibility of any human error,\" he said.A question booklet will be handed over to the students along with a Weimar sheet which will have a carbon copy. The students can take home the question and a copy of the Weimar sheet. After a week, model answers will be uploaded on the council website so that the students can assess their marks.\"We will place the decision taken by COBSE in the next executive council meeting of higher secondary council and then put it forward to the government for the final nod,\" said president of HS council, Muktinath Chattopadhyay.Rattled with too many subjects, reeling under stress to cope up with pressure of studying for Joint Entrance Examinations, baffling between tuitions and class tests is a norm for students in class XI. It is now time for them to breathe easy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856971", "title": "Teachers busy counting dropouts, students miss out on their classes", "text": "GURGAON: Students at government schools in Gurgaon are having a field day since Monday with barely any teaching staff available to take classes.With their teachers busy in conducting surveys to ascertain the number of dropouts under the Right to Education Act, 2009, students have been enjoying 'extended holidays' of sorts. Most of the state-run schools were already facing staff-crunch.The additional duty for teachers has come right after summer vacations, which were extended by a week to July 9 due to the extreme weather.Teachers said such surveys affect regular flow of classes but they were bound to perform their duties. It's not the first time when government teachers are being used for such a survey.The usual teachers-students ratio in most government schools of Gurgaon is an abysmal 1:75. Teachers in government and aided schools are often put into tasks like preparing voters' list, census survey, election duties etc.\"We are made to sign affidavits that we would carry out these surveys and hence cannot refuse,\" said a teacher at a government school in DLF Phase III. \"Most of our students belong to BPL categories. It takes a lot of effort to keep them motivated to join school. We have to keep them engaged, else they just stop turning up,\" said an another teacher from the same school.According to Premlata Yadav, district elementary education officer, the state-wide survey task would be over by Friday. \"We have completed it in Sohna, Farrukhnagar and Pataudi blocks. Gurgaon block is taking more time due to the population density,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858403", "title": "Electricity contract workers stage protest", "text": "PANAJI: A group of around 40 contract workers of the electricity department held a dharna outside the Customs house in Panaji on Thursday. The workers are protesting a letter issued by chief electrical engineer Nirmal Braganza on March 7 which has kept their regularization in abeyance.127 contract workers-largely from Nuvem-were given appointment letters on December 22, 2011, two days before the election code of conduct came into effect. On January 6, 2012, the workers were given another letter that stated that their appointment will be kept in abeyance till the 'lifting of the model code of conduct'. However, the third letter issued to them a day after the assembly election results stated that their appointments would be kept in abeyance 'until further orders'.The workers are demanding that their services be regularized and declared that they will continue with the protest till this was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856327", "title": "Rs 6,000 crore catalyst for Kerala industry", "text": "KOCHI: Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd's (BPCL) proposed Rs 6,000 crore joint venture with South Korea's LG Chem will accelerate investment possibilities in the state and stimulate industries in Kerala, especially those in petrochemical-based consumer products.The new plant will produce four chemicals - superabsorbent polymers, acrylic acid, acrylate, and butanol - using 300,000 tonnes of propylene produced by the Petrochemical Fluid Catalytic Cracker (PFCC) unit of Kochi Refinery.\"The superabsorbent polymer is currently fully imported. It is used for manufacturing sanitary napkins. Once the new plant starts manufacturing it, the country's dependence on foreign markets will be reduced by half,'' said E Nandakumar, former executive director of Kochi Refinery. Acrylic acid is used to manufacture chemicals for water treatment and paper manufacturing. Acrylate is used in the production of paint, ink and adhesives and butanol is used for detergent and plastic manufacturing. \"Production of these chemicals will start an industrial chain reaction in the state,\" sources said.On Thursday BPCL signed an MoU with LG Chem in Seoul for floating the JV. The plant will be on a 50-acre land adjacent to Kochi Refinery complex. The project is expected to be complete by December 2015. Sources said the project will create 500 to 1,000 direct jobs and up to 4,000 indirect jobs. BPCL, with investment plans to the tune of Rs 14,000 crore over the next five years, is setting up a Petrochemical Fluid Catalytic Cracker unit, as part of its diversification plan into petrochemicals. LG Chem, part of LG Corp , is the biggest chemicals producer of South Korea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857280", "title": "Kolkata trams to get a GenX makeover", "text": "KOLKATA: Just when it seemed the tram had trundled to a dead end, it is being touted by the Union government as the transport of the future.Delhi is not only willing to help revitalize Kolkata's tram network, it has also offered to buy new-age trams to revolutionize the way the Raj-era relic is seen by commuters and the administration alike.There is a lot of emotion associated with the tram in Kolkata, where it has been rolling for well over a century. The Kolkata tram, running since 1902, is the oldest operating electric tram in Asia, but it is saddled with losses and thought to be in its last legs.The Centre is ready to give every support for the turn-around, but it has also asked Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC) to take some steps to earn revenue and narrow the widening earning-expenditure gap.All five public sector transport utilities in Bengal survive on a whopping Rs 600 crore annual subsidy from the state government. CTC is the biggest subsidy sucker.Union urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna told TOI that trams were the way to go.\"The tram has regained tremendous significance worldwide since the oil crisis of the Seventies. So the western countries, which had abolished tramways in Forties and Fifties to boost the automobile sector, have brought back trams in an upgraded version. Today, as many as 343 tramway or light rail transit (LRT) systems are operating worldwide. We are very hopeful about the resilience of the Kolkata tram that has withstood the threat of extinction,\" he said.The urban development ministry has engaged the Institute of Urban Transport (IUT) to study the faults and virtues of tram. \"What we found is that the Kolkata tram needs to be upgraded. The project is bankable. Our claim is based on the outcome of a detailed study for introducing LRT in Delhi as a part of a multi-modal integrated city wide transport network. In Kolkata, it has more potential with the city being much more compact compared to Delhi and would thus offer better ridership,\" said Krishna.The IUT study revealed that CTC has substantial land-holding at prime locations which can be intelligently developed to generate revenue. \"The ministry is ready to fund the viability gap,\" said Krishna, adding, \"The study has recommended tram train and LRT as viable options for the future.\"Currently, CTC's operating efficiency (revenue from operations as a percentage of total expenditure) is only 18% \u2014 a mere Rs 49.76 crore of the total expenditure of Rs 274.11 crore. Around 42% of the expenditure is met through subsidy. The study shows that most of the profitable routes and key linkages have been closed. Tram movement is restricted during peak hours. Natural terminals were severed from other routes and there were no fare revisions for years together. All these factors caused the decline of the city tram.Kolkata's trams suffered a major blow when CTC decided to introduce buses in November 1992, say the IUT analysts. \"The focus shifted from operating trams to buses. Today, CTC incurs a huge operating loss of over Rs 10 crore. The bus fleet has increased from 40 to 400 but the number of trams has dropped from 530 in the early 1980s to 270, of which only 130 ply on the streets,\" said Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858106", "title": "Acute manpower shortage in UP hospitals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cleaner stitching wounds of a patient in Bulandshahr hospital has only brought to fore the acute shortage of manpower in the public health sector in UP. The entire public health set up in the state is in dire need of skilled workforce to provide quality healthcare services to patients, particularly those living in the rural areas. But lack of nurses is to be purely blamed for instances of untrained staff attending to patients as in case of Bulandshahr, Ballia or Kushinagar.Although the UP government on Thursday suspended the ward boy who was caught on camera applying stitches to a patient and removed the chief medical superintendent of Bulandshahr district hospital, the fact remains that UP hospitals are terribly short of doctors and nursing staff.According to an estimate, UP government hospitals at present are functioning at one-third of the total number of nurses required. There are around 60,000 beds in 230 government hospitals and medical institutions of the state. As per the general standards, a nurse should be deployed for every 10 patients. Considering that nurses work in eight-hour shifts, three nurses are needed for every 10 patients to provide 24x7 services. So, the total required number is around 18,000, excluding intensive care services.\"Against a requirement of 18,000 nurses in government hospitals, we have about 5,000 nurses. As a result, it becomes very difficult for the nursing staff to deal with more than 100% occupancy and hospitalisation becomes a painful experience for patients and attendants,\" said Ashok Kumar , general secretary, UP Rajkiya Nurses Sangh (RNSUP), adding \"nursing is the most important arm of patient care but always remains neglected. This is despite the fact that there are scores of nursing colleges in the state. Still, students from here are forced to take a job in other states as opportunities are quite limited here.\"Even the report of UP's ministry of health and family welfare says that 42.2% of posts of nursing staff at primary and community health centres (PHC&amp; CHC) are lying vacant. The statistics are not mere piece of information. They are a stark reality at our government hospitals and even apex medical institutions like Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences and Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University.\"My uncle was admitted to SGPGI's nephrology department where in a unit had some 25-30 patients undergoing treatment. But on most occasions, there were just two or three nurses,\" says TK Srivastava, adding, \"Who else but other staff like cleaners and ward boys available in the hospital would work in times of need.\"The SGPGI has 921 fully functional beds but just 300-odd nurses to take care of patients. \"Since the institution is a tertiary care organization, the deficit of nurses pinches most,\" said a doctor. The premier institute has just 145 faculty members against 250 sanctioned posts. The situation is same at CSMMU which is 60% short of nursing staff.Government hospitals in UP have 9,000 doctors against an overall sanctioned strength of 14,787 in specialist and general cadres. Moreover, nearly 1,500 doctors are involved in pure administrative work which further increases the demand and supply gap.Not just nurses and doctors, public health sector is in need of people at all levels. A recent report brought out by the state planning department reveals that 25% posts across various categories in health care were lying vacant. The assessment takes into account the deficit against sanctioned posts. Considering the burden of patients, the gap would surely be larger.Minister of health and family welfare Ahmed Hasan however said that the government was aware of the shortage and making efforts to employ more doctors. \"Appointment of 1,200 doctors has just been finalized and that of another 1,400 is in process. To bridge the demand and supply gap, we have asked the Union health ministry to let us appoint AYUSH doctors at the grass-roots level,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857927", "title": "Lawyers on strike for second day", "text": "RANCHI: Work remained paralyzed for the second day of the two-day strike call by the advocates in the state. Advocates abstained from work in district courts and high court at the call of the Bar Council of India against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill of Union HRD ministry.The bill, according to advocates, proposes to curb the rights of BCI in regulating legal education and profession in the state. The bill proposes setting up of a National Commission will allegedly take away the rights of the BCI and state bar councils to monitor legal profession.Sources in Jharkhand State Bar Council (JSBC) said that judicial work in all the district courts and high court remained paralyzed on Thursday. More than 3,000 cases across the state could not be taken up for hearing in district courts and high court. \"We never want to disturb work in courts because it directly affects thousands of people but we had no option other than going on a strike as the proposed bills were meant to infringe on the rights of BCI and state bar councils,\" said the source.Terming the strike a success, spokesperson of JSBC, Rajesh Kumar Shukla said that the BCI had given a call for a two-day strike against proposed bills of Union government. \"We feel that the new law will curb powers of council which till now monitors legal education and profession in the country. We hope that government has got our message,\" said Shukla. He further said that the two-day strike was a token agitation at the national level. \"We are with the BCI, supporting its stand on various legislations of Union HRD ministry to rein in the powers of the lawyers. If the ministry continues with the plan we will not hesitate to launch massive agitation,\" said Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856656", "title": "Fifteen peafowl found dead in Aravalis, blame game begins", "text": "GURGAON: Almost 15 peafowl were found dead, while another 20 were found unconscious on Wednesday night, in the Aravali hills in Kasan village.Even 24 hours after the incident, the wildlife officials have not been able to ascertain the exact cause of such a high number of casualties and ailing birds in the area.While wildlife officials and doctors of the animal husbandry department are busy passing the buck to each other, villagers are afraid that it could be a disease which has taken the toll this high.\"It is surprising to find such large number of affected birds at one go in such a short time. The birds seemed to have become blind before dying, and the ones found unconscious have also been behaving in a peculiar fashion. They are unable to move or fly. There are almost 250 peafowl in the neighbouring areas and in case this is an unknown disease, we fear it might lead to more casualties if the officials concerned don't act,\" said Dev Pal, a resident of Kasan village.However, there was confusion regarding the official figures of the number of birds found dead and unconscious. The situation was not different when it came to ascertaining the cause. Neither the wildlife officials, nor the veterinary doctor of animal husbandry department was sure.While the divisional forest officer (DFO) said that there have been no casualties and only 14 to 16 peafowl were found unconscious, the animal husbandry said that there were 21 birds found unconscious and six were reported as dead.According to Dr Neetu Gundlee of animal husbandry department, \"I received a call from the local SHO, on Wednesday evening, who said that the villagers had approached them to inform about 12 unconscious birds. I had asked the village sarpanch to make teams to search for more birds in the area, and by morning they found another four in the same state. I had also advised locals to administer ORS to the birds after which they were reportedly normal by morning. However, I am not aware of any casualties so far. It seems that the birds, both male and female, were dehydrated over the past fortnight and hence fell unconscious. The wildlife department has taken away the sick bird. I presume there could be close to 50 more such fowl that might be sick due to heat stroke.\"Even though the monsoon has arrived, Dr Gundlee said that the birds might have been unwell for a few days now, before showing these symptoms.On the other hand, the DFO, Kulwinder Singh ruled out the possibility of heat stroke and dehydration as the cause. \"The birds are unable to move and fly. Birds affected due to heat stroke have instantaneous death and do not remain unwell for a period of time before showing these symptoms. These could be diseased. I have written to a few doctors and am awaiting a report. I have no record of casualties and the villagers should have brought the matter of casualties as and when they knew about it. Meanwhile, sixteen ailing birds have been sent to a rescue home at Gopalpur, near Sultanpur,\" said Singh.The Kasan incident can be related to another incident that has been reported recently in Hasanpur, where 12 peafowl died and few fell Sick due to heat stroke.Amina Sherwani, environment committee head of Manesar Industries Welfare Association said, \"These birds are in the area which is the site for our project 'Vanya'. MIWA has been trying to create a forest area for wildlife, by setting up a nursery and planting saplings in the forest area to make a sanctuary. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "14856878", "title": "Asadhi Parva observed at Tarini temple", "text": "KEONJHAR: Thousands of people thronged the Tarini temple at Ghatagaon on Thursday evening for a glimpse of \"Sunabesha\" of the goddess. This annual festival, Asadhi Parva, is the day when the goddess observes fast for the welfare of her devotees. So the temple remains shut throughout the day and opens only in the evening with the \"Sunabesha\". Puja is also offered only then.\"Maa Tarini fasts for one day every year for the good of her devotees. So rituals start only in the evening. This year, the temple was open to devotees from 6.30 pm to 10 pm,\" said Rajendra Pattanayak, a trustee of Maa Tarini temple. Special arrangements were made for devotees to see the goddess and offer puja, he added.Farmers start cultivating their field after this festival. As per the tradition, the temple administration invited chiefs of 22 villages to participate in the festival. The village heads came to the temple in the evening and offered goats, among other items to Maa Tarini. The goats were let loose on the temple premises as sacrifices have been banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14858297", "title": "Terror strikes Pak police base, 9 die", "text": "LAHORE: A group of heavily armed Taliban militants on Tursday gunned down nine policemen and injured as many in this eastern Pakistani city after storming a building where dozens of security personnel were living.The militants came to the densely populated neighbourhood of Ichra early this morning in a car and three motorcycles and burst into the building after killing a lone policeman who was deployed outside.\"Nine policemen were killed in the attack,\" Punjab police chief Haji Habib-ur-Rehman said at the scene of the attack. Lahore city police chief Aslam Tareen said nine others were injured.Rehman said the attack was carried out by a group of about 10 militants. This was the second major attack on Pakistani security forces since the government reopened Nato supply routes to Afghanistan. On Monday, seven soldiers and a cop were killed when Taliban fighters attacked a Pakistan army camp near Gujrat city. Thirty-seven policemen from the prison department of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in the northwest were living in the building. They had come to Lahore for training at the National Academy for Prison Administration.\"The attackers killed a policeman guarding the entrance. They split into three groups and went through three floors, attacking others who were sleeping,\" Rehman said. The militants were armed with assault rifles, pistols and grenades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856865", "title": "NMC, NIT exploring BRTS option for Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) are exploring the option of starting bus rapid transport system (BRTS) in the city. Union urban development minister Kamal Nath had recently asked NIT to explore the BRTS option for Nagpur.Urban Mass Transit Company (UMTC), the consultant appointed by central government, gave a presentation to the NMC and NIT officials and office-bearers on Thursday. It is the consultant for BRTS for 40 cities in India. ILFS, which has funded the Starbus project, has appointed UMTC as the consultant for improving services. Another meeting will be convened between NMC and NIT soon to discuss various project related issues. Only if the authorities find it feasible then further steps would be initiated.Commenting on failure of BRTS in Pune, standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari told TOI that it was implemented without the support infrastructure. \"This sent across a wrong message. In Delhi too there was a seven hour long traffic jam on the very first day. However, in Ahmedabad the system has been a huge success because the required facilities were provided.\"Ajay Mathur, CMD of UMTC, told the civic officials that after his company suggested remedial measures to Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), the system had improved to a great extent.\"BRTS need not be started on every road. It should be done on roads that are wide. For narrow roads elevated option should be explored or city buses should ply. UMTC stressed that for BRTS to be successful there should not be autorickshaw stands, hawkers, etc along the road. Secondly the roads running parallel to BRTS road must be widened for normal traffic,\" Tiwari explained.Mayor Anil Sole, Tiwari, NIT chief Darade, NIT superintending engineer Sunil Gujjelwar, NMC executive engineer Prakash Urade and other officials raised several queries regarding feasibility of the project in Nagpur.Mathur told them that BRTS was far cheaper than metro rail. The cost of metro rail per km was around Rs 175 crore per km while elevated BRTS cost Rs 50 crore per km. The cost of ground level BRTS was far lower.\"UMTC stressed that metro rail, BRTS and city bus service must be synchronized. The BRTS stations should be close to metro rail stations. A passenger should not be required to buy a ticket after entering a BRTS bus. The station gate should be designed to ensure that only a person having a ticket can enter it,\" Tiwari further said.NMC had earlier explored BRTS option for Central Avenue but several glitches surfaced. One of them was the covered footpaths in front of shops, Tiwari revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14856503", "title": "New sub court takes its own slow course", "text": "KANNUR: Nearly 45 days after the sub court was opened in Kannur with much fanfare, the court functions without proper facilities. Apart from lack of furniture and staff shortage, the tardy progress in transferring cases from Thalassery sub court has irked the legal fraternity here. Due to this many litigants and lawyers are forced to travel to Thalassery even though the new sub court was supposed to address this problem.Since the new sub court is a subordinate judge's and assistant sessions court, it has the power to handle civil cases up to Rs 1 lakh claim and criminal cases except those under section 302 of IPC. But so far only the civil cases has been transferred to the court. The criminal cases could not be shifted mainly because the police stations that come under the court's purview have not yet been notified.But many advocates alleged the people who tried hard against the setting up of court here are still at work. \"Though it was the previous LDF government which decided to establish a sub court in Kannur, a CPM leader has been opposing the move since the idea was conceived,\" said an advocate.C K Rathnakaran, president of Kannur Bar Association, said that only after the criminal cases are shifted can one say that court has become fully functional. He pointed out that the court also does not have adequate furniture.\"Only after the criminal cases are also transferred to this court, we can say that the court has become fully functional in the real sense,\" said Rathnakaran, the president of Kannur Bar Association. \"Based on the requirements, the high court has sent a request to the home department, but the sanction has not yet come,\" said Rathnakaran.According to advocate M K Prasad all the cases in the Kannur taluk should come under the jurisdiction of the court. Though the court has the power to reopen civil cases in which appeal has been submitted after verdict was pronounced, those records have not been transferred from Thalassery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14856464", "title": "Technology puts licence aspirants on back foot", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Driving licence aspirants of the city who thought they would be the first ones in the state to take their tests in the hi-tech driving test yard last month are now unsure whether the facility is a boon or bane. Driving schools in the city also shared mixed feelings about the facility inaugurated last month.While a section of those who have applied for driving tests said the system is more scientific and hassle free, others believe the new tracks and computer evaluation make it difficult for them to pass the test.Learners said they have to wait for long hours to give the test as there is only one computerized H track in the testing ground. The department earlier used to conduct tests in three tracks made by erecting poles.Vijayalakshmi K C from Pottammal, who failed in her test for the second time on Thursday, said the driving schools should upgrade their training to meet the requirements of the new system. \"The system is highly scientific and only those who have learnt driving properly can pass the test. But for that the training methodology at the driving schools should be overhauled,\" she said.Suresh E, instructor at the Modern Driving School, said they have to wait for long hours in the new system as the computer takes much time to conduct frame-by-frame video analysis of the live feed. \"The computer system is so stringent that even if the vehicle is stopped for a second during the test the candidate fails. Drivers have to negotiate sharp 90 degree turns without the vehicle touching the line, which is the reference point by the overhead video sensors,\" he said.Suresh said that many learners are registering themselves at test centres in Vadakara and Koilandy and even Mahe as they fear it would be difficult to get license here.Prabheesh K of the New Sneha Driving School, Kottaparamba, said that the department should immediately commission one more H test track to make the process efficient. Sources at the MVD said they could conduct only 80-90 tests a day under the new system. They used to conduct up to 180 tests previously. They said that by installing a more powerful computer the time taken by the system to conduct the video analysis could be reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856731", "title": "Private colleges masquerading as govt institutes: Odisha Management Colleges' Association", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Management Colleges' Association (OMCA) alleged that a number of private colleges have been projected as government colleges in the ongoing counseling for MBA course by Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) Committee.OMCA officials alleged that at least four government-run colleges where private entrepreneurs are offering MBA courses in public private partnership (PPP) mode are being projected as government colleges. \"These courses are running without any government grant or faculty. By showing these as government courses, the OJEE committee is misguiding students and is playing with their careers,\" said S K Sahoo, a member of OMCA. \"Such wrong categorization of MBA courses would misguide students,\" he said.The OMCA has demanded to classify these colleges under PPP mode and to conduct a high-level inquiry by appropriate authority for irregularity and issue clarification on the real status of such institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857353", "title": "Over 1.5k guards can\u2019t stop thefts at Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority sites", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite employing 1,587 private guards at project sites at a cost of Rs 10.11 crore, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has not been able to rein in pilferage. Guards have been stationed at monorail sites\u2014from Chembur to Jacob Circle and at colonies being resettled in Oshiwara and Mankhurd.In a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is also the MMRDA chairman, activist Anil Galgali has sought intervention in the matter.MMRDA officials have admitted that pilferage of construction material takes place at resettlement colonies in the suburbs. However, they could not state the exact losses due to the pilferage. They also denied any partiality in appointment of security agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857817", "title": "'Gutka ban could lead to black marketing in state'", "text": "PUNE: Anti-tobacco crusaders and oncologists have welcomed the ban on the production, distribution, stocking and sale of gutka and gutka products in the state, but have sounded a note of caution that it might lead to possible black marketing of these products from other states.Anti-tobacco activist Kalyan Gangwal said, \"The ban on gutka and gutka products for only a year is not sufficient. The government should rethink over the one-year period of the ban and see that it is implemented for ever. Also, it should come into effect immediately, instead of after the next few days. Late implementation will open a window for black-marketing of gutka.\" He further said the government should ban the cultivation of tobacco over the next five years, thus prohibiting it at the source.Minish Jain, medical oncologist of the Ruby Hall's cancer centre, said that though banning of gutka and gutka products was good, it was not a complete step. He said that the manufacture of gutka should be stopped across the country.\"The current ban will lead to black marketing of gutka and gutka products from neighbouring states and those addicted will buy it at a higher price. Nevertheless, it will ensure that children do not have free access to it. Also, if gutka is available in the black market, it will be costlier, preventing children from buying it,\" said Jain.Sanjay Deshmukh, cancer surgeon, said that many youths were dying because of consuming gutka and gutka products and the ban was a welcome move. \"There is evidence to prove that gutka causes oral and upper-digestive system cancer and, thus, should have been banned long back. Nevertheless, the step is in the right direction. Enforcement authorities should see that they enforce the ban well,\" he said.Rakesh Neve, cancer surgeon, Ruby Hall , said, \"The ban has created awareness about the harmful effects of chewing gutka. The least it will do is ensure that gutka is not sold around schools and colleges, which is a very positive step, since most people catch the habit when young. Also, many who now consume gutka will not be able to afford it later if it is sold in the black market at higher rates.\"Sujai Hegde, surgical oncologist, said that the least the ban will do is prevent youngsters from consuming gutka. However, he said that one problem area could be gutka manufacturers creating a pressure lobby to compel the government to lift the ban, since this industry is a huge source of revenue for the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14858031", "title": "Raksha University row: Lavad villagers to stage 48-hour dharna", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lavad residents will sit on a 48-hour dharna from Friday to register their protest against the state government. The villagers are opposing the move of the state government to set up Raksha Shakti University on the outskirts of their village.The villagers in the village meeting had unanimously passed a resolution opposing the move of the state government to set up a university on the so-called gauchar land.However, the government has clarified that the land where the university is coming up is government land and not a gauchar land. Even core member of team Anna Arvind Kejriwal had addressed a meeting in the village.Usha Chavan, the sarpanch said that the villagers would take out a rally on July 13 that would end at the office of taluka development officer. The protest would be held outside the office, demanding to shift the university and hand over the 235 acres as gauchar land. She said the villagers wanted to know where their cattle, over 4,500 in number would graze. Moreover, over 200 families, below poverty line , also depend on the area for fuel to cook their food, says village sarpanch Usha Chavan.In 1956, the state government had given 535 acre of land to the panchayat for cattle grazing. But in 1976, the land was converted into a government land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856677", "title": "Two more resignations in Korchi, no solution insight", "text": "NAGPUR: Two more persons - a village headman and his deputy - from Kotgul of Korchi tehsil in north Gadchiroli district have tendered their resignations on Thursday keeping the tussle between the aggrieved elected representatives and the administration out of any amicable solution.With this, the number of village headmen quitting the post, along with their deputies, has now reached 27.Apart from the village headmen or sarpanch, around 31 police patils too have tendered their resignations in the last couple of days. There is also information of 114 gram panchayat members too withdrawing from the civic body.According to Nandakishore Vairagadhe, deputy village headman of Korchi gram panchayat and also the secretary of the federation of Sarpanch, said the resignations have been furnished in protest against poor development. \"The taluka was curved out in 1997. The development and electrification in our taluka since its creation has been dismal. We want to question where all the sanctioned amount is being spent which is being sent here to develop the region,\" he said. \"We will resume work only when the collector comes to listen to our grievances,\" said Vairagadhe.Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna argued that maximum development funds and projects have been diverted to Korchi taluka which included a budget of more than Rs1 crore for roads. \"Me and the SP will meet the people who have furnished resignations across the district only when they withdraw their resignations,\" said Krishna. \"The district administration has also stopped the prospective license to the mining project which was the main demand of the Korchi residents before the polling,\" he said.Challenging the poor development issue, collector Krishna said 211 works under various heads were undertaken under integrated action plan (IAP) last year. \"We have opened a dispensary for animal husbandry at Maseli in Korchi last year and erected several gram panchayat premises. The Anganwadis were developed too,\" said the collector. He also said that an additional budget of around Rs7 crore was spent under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856633", "title": "Students giving exams without enrollment numbers", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University administration is grappling with one scam after another coupled with series of paper leaks, here comes another shocker: The university administration has allowed thousands of students in examinations without enrolment numbers. This was revealed by top sources in the varsity.This is a one-time number allotted by the university which remains with a student throughout his life, as and when, he pursues his studies in the university.According to sources, Ordinance numbering 3 and 6 of 1979 clearly defined that every student taking admission in the university should have enrolment number which should be given to him/her before appearing in any exam. Till that time, only provisional admission could be allowed. Even a landmark verdict of Nagpur bench of Bombay high court in 1979, in case of Milind versus NU, stated that \"university is first enrolling and then examining authority\".Sources added that only in exceptional circumstances, students were allowed to appear in examinations without enrolment number, that too after s/he gave an undertaking in this regard to the university. Else, their examination should be annulled or they should not be allowed to appear, sources said.In NU case, hundreds of engineering students, especially pursuing education in newly opened colleges, were the worst sufferers. Even after two semester exams - winter and summer - they were waiting for this one-time permanent number. Copies of winter and summer exams mark sheets of one such engineering student is available with TOI which shows the 'enrolment number' column blank.Controller of Examinations (COE) Siddharth Kane, however, said that students without enrolment numbers were provisionally allowed to appear in the exams.Sources further said that generally, results of candidates who were not allotted the numbers were withheld. But NU exam section officials have released the results of few candidates from renowned engineering colleges but withheld those of new colleges.Chancellor's intervention soughtThe management council (MC) members have demanded the immediate intervention of chancellor K Sankaranarayanan into NU's present state of affairs.Reiterating their demand for the judicial enquiry from a retired high court judge, council members Kirti Dikshit and Dinesh Agrawal appealed to Sankaranarayanan to ask VC Vilas Sapkal to proceed on a long leave so that a fair inquiry is conducted without his interference to protect the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14860717", "title": "Vidya loses Sabyasachi to Sanjay Leela Bhansali", "text": "Vidya Balan has lost the man responsible for her elegant makeovers,Sabyasachi Mukherjee to Priyanka Chopra.Sanjay Leela Bhansali,who relied on the fashion designer for giving all his leading ladies a distinctive look,signed him on once again for his upcoming Romeo Juliet romance Ram Leela.Trouble began when the schedule for UTV's Ghanchakkar,starring Vidya,was shifted from September to August.The dates clashed with SLB's venture.And Sabya was torn between Vidya his favourite actress and currently his biggest brand ambassador and Bhansali his trusted filmmaker.For Sabya,juggling two projects was not too much of a trouble.Or so,he thought.When the designer asked Bhansali to allow him work on Vidya's outfits in Ghanchakkar alongside PeeCee's in Ram Leela ,the filmmaker flatly denied.A source close to Bhansali revealed,Bhansali asked Sabya to be constantly present on the sets of the film.Interestingly,Sabya's contract doesn't mention any such thing.It doesn't contain any clause barring him from working on any other project simultaneously.Apparently,the argument between the filmmaker and the designer turned ugly. At the time of going to press,the makers of Ghanchakkar had sounded out another Kolkata bred designer Subarna Ray Chaudhari to design for Vidya.Subarna,incidentally has worked with the actress in Eklavya and Parineeta among other projects.Sabyasachi,who is travelling at the moment was not available for comment.Meanwhile,with PeeCee now signing on the dotted line,she may soon be joining Ranveer Singh in Gujarat where he is undertaking a workshop for Bhansali's film.With inputs by Vickey Lalwani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14857195", "title": "RMC to install three more face detection machines", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided to go in for installation of three more face detection machines to curb absenteeism amongst its employees.The move follows the success achieved after installation of the machine at the central zone office on Dhebar Road in November last year.The new machines are to be installed at the west zone and east zone offices along with Pradhyuman Park zoo.A RMC official said, \"Our experience shows that more than 15 per cent absenteeism was curtailed at the central zone office after the face detection machine was installed. The increase in attendance will only help enhance civic body's efficiency.'' The official said the idea is to maintain a digital log of the employees' attendance.\"The face registration process is a fool-proof technology and the machine itself does not require too much maintenance. The employees just have to place their face before the machine to register their attendance,\" said the official. With installation of three new machines, a total of 1,200 employees of the RMC will be covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857847", "title": "Youth nabbed for Rs 80 lakh con job", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 25-year old man was caught by Chandkheda police from Ucchal village in Tapi district on Wednesday in connection with a cheating case of Rs 80 lakh. Police earlier arrested two women in connection with the case.According to Chandkheda police, Himmatlal Kanani and his brother Shashikant bought two flats in a Gujarat Housing Board scheme in Chandkheda a decade ago. The brothers shifted to Navrangpura and the houses were locked up. In November last year, building residents called Kanani and informed him that two persons had come to live in the flats. When he investigated the matter, he found out that the houses were sold by persons named Doris Christian and U C Martin to third parties.Kanani then filed a complaint against the two parties. \"In our investigation, we found it was the handiwork of Morris Christian who used the names of his mother and a friend's wife to make powers of attorney and sold off the flats. While the women were caught for use of their names, a manhunt was on for Christian since November 2011. Meanwhile, working on a tip-off, we sent a team to Tapi and nabbed him,\" said a Chandkheda police official.Investigators said that Christian had used a fake PAN card issued in Kanani's name and a fake thumb print to make the power of attorney allowing sales of the properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14859251", "title": "The daily acrobatics at White Church Crossing", "text": "INDORE: Construction works throughout the year and nearly total blockade on one side of the road at the busy White Church crossing has made the exercise of commuting this way a dangerous acrobatics. Lack of proper traffic signals and absence of traffic cops to manage the rush of vehicles compound the woes of the commuters and the chances of accidents.According to a rough estimate, nearly 4 lakh vehicles pass this crossing daily, mostly entering and exiting the city. This crossing has some important institutions like MY Hospital, income tax office and other government offices, where thousands of people visit here everyday for various purposes. But the ongoing construction work at the crossing not the only inconvenience to commuters, but it increases their travel time as well. The local tempo drivers converted a part of the junction into their stand adding more congestion in this area.Praful Joshi of Save Life Cycle said the White Church crossing is an important junction at one end of the city and it is also an important pick-up point for the city buses as well. But there is no proper lane and traffic signal to regulate the traffic and its absence created chaos and made it a high-accident prone area. At the crossing, accidents mostly occur due to collision of buses and two wheelers.A city planner, Ashok Shrivastav, said it is unfortunate that the city got three important projects - water pipeline for Narmada Phase III, sewerage project and BRTS - at the same time. The route of all the projects are the same - the ever-busy AB Road. Technically water pipeline and sewerage project should be completed before the road project as sewerage and pipeline are constructed under the road. But in Indore, all three projects are progressing simultaneously and are running late.He further said that BRTS is good and required for regulating the city traffic. It would have beneficial only when the project would have been completed on time just like in the case of Ahmedabad. However, the project in Indore is running late, which is causing inconvenience and negative sentiments on the project.Narendra Surana, former city engineer of IMC, said that any project is good only when it is completed on time. However, contractors should take safety issues seriously and there should be tin shade at the construction site.Joshi pointed that BRTS is successful in Ahmedabad mainly because of clear lane marking for the vehicles, but in Indore, the lane is not defined for the vehicles. Besides this, the speed should be limited at 30 km/hr on the road where construction works is going in order to check accidents.1. No. of deaths on the road since January - 42. 'Work slow due to presence of hard rock'Indore: Speaking on the slow pace of work, BRTS project manager, Md Makarani said, \"Roads are dug up at White Church Crossing for laying sewerage line and work is slow due to presence of hard rock. The work is on for laying 9 meter deep sewerage line. It requires a series of blasting for digging up the ground but there are constrain over blasting too. Blasting can be done only after 1am. Moreover, we can carry on only mild blasting so as not to disturb people. All these practical problems have slowed down the pace of work. We are working on 12m length of road for last six months and it will take another month to complete. Despite all these technical problems we have not stopped the flow of traffic on this road.\"What DSP traffic Pradeep Chouhan has to say?On one side, the road is blocked at this crossing due to construction work, but it has not affected the flow of traffic much. Traffic cops are stationed at that crossing to manage the movement of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861785", "title": "Cruise threatens to sue mag over 'details of split'", "text": "Tom Cruise's lawyers have reportedly threatened to sue National Enquirer's parent company over its latest issue that claims to have intimate details of the recent split between the actor and his wife Katie Holmes .The Hollywood Reporter has posted a letter on its website from Cruise's Los Angeles lawyer, Bert Fields, in which he slammed American Media Inc, parent of the magazine, for what he calls \"false and vicious lies\" he said that will cause \"hundreds of millions of dollars\" in damages to Cruise.\"As you were notified in advance, your current issue of National Enquirer makes numerous false and defamatory assertions about our client Tom Cruise ,\" the Telegraph quoted the letter assaying.The letter has drawn attention to disparaging descriptions of the 50-year-old actor in the Enquirer's issue that hit news-stands on Wednesday, with Fields writing, \"These are all lies - vicious, hurtful, damaging lies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857045", "title": "Maid's employers charged with abetment of suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: The family of 15-year-old domestic help Lakshmi (name changed) and their relatives protested in front of Seshadripuram police station on Thursday.They demanded the immediate arrest of Lakshmi's employers, who allegedly harassed her so badly that she committed suicide.Demonstrators came with her body in an ambulance after the post-mortem. Police assured them that the culprits would be arrested in 24 hours and persuaded them to disperse. They took her body to Wilson Garden crematorium and performed the last rites.Lakshmi's employer Rajesh Jain, 77, wife Kanchana, 75, and daughter Khushboo, 24 are absconding. Rajesh's son, Jithin, 26, was arrested on Tuesday and released the next day, hours before Lakshmi succumbed to injuries.Lakshmi had leapt off the Jains' three-storey building in Kumara Park on Sunday after Jithin and Khushboo assaulted her for eating lemon rice cooked for the family. Lakshmi told social workers in the hospital that the Jain family would beat her often with sandals and bang her head against the wall.Police have launched a manhunt for Rajesh and his family. Seshadripuram police have drafted officers from other stations to track them down. They said Jithin will be arrested again as the FIR had been modified after the girl's death to include abetment of suicide charges under Section 306.Seshadripuram police initially booked a case under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 354 (assault or use of criminal force), 504 (intentional insult to provoke breach of peace) and 509 (insult of a woman) of Indian Penal Code read with Section 23 of Juvenile Justice (Care of Protection of Children) Act, 2000 and Section 26 of Child Labour in Hazardous Employment (Abolition, Rehabilitation and Welfare) Act, 2000.Lakshmi was the eldest daughter of four children of daily-wage earner Ilai and Geetha from MS Palya, near Vidyaranyapuram. She was a live-in maid with garment entrepreneur Rajesh for over two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857261", "title": "BJP choice puts Munde faction on back foot", "text": "MUMBAI: In what could cause a rift between BJP's Nitin Gadkari and Gopinath Munde factions, the party decided not to retain the latter's close confidant, Sayyed Pasha Patel, in the legislative council.The party has finalized the names of former BMC corporator Ashish Shelar, considered a Gadkari supporter, and former minister Vijay (Bhau) Girkar. Keshav Mankar, who does not belong to the Gadkari faction, was also replaced.Elections to eleven legislative council seats, which will fall vacant, will take place later this month. With June 14 being the final day for filing nominations, all parties were busy finalizing their nominees.The NCP has also sprung a surprise by replacing senior leader Arun Gujarathi. It has fielded three fresh faces, including Beed's Amarsinh Pandit, who recently switched sides from the BJP. Noted leader Annasaheb Patil's son Narendra Patil and Pune's Jaidev Gaikwad are the other nominees.While Sena has not officially declared its nominees, former MLA Anil Parab looks set for a nomination. While chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and state party president Manikrao Thakre were in Delhi to discuss Congress nominees, sources said the party may field four candidates. Thakre himself looks set for a re-nomination. Several were in contention for the other two seats. The fourth seat, where Congress will need support, may go to Narayan Rane supporter Ravindra Phatak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "14857720", "title": "Liquor shops replacing libraries in Bihar: RJD MP", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: RJD MP from Vaishali Raghuvansh Prasad Singh said here on Thursday that Bihar government was replacing libraries with liquor shops to earn Rs 1,500 crore as revenue from excise tax, while the people of the state are spending around Rs 13,000 crore on treatment of liquor-related ailments.Talking to mediapersons here, Singh said that the women of Kanti, Kurhani, Mushahari and Sakra recently organized rallies against the increasing drinking habits of male members of their families as well as against the state government's encouragement to open more and more liquor shops. He said that during demonstrations, women and youths of the areas were shouting slogans like \"Sharab nahin kitab chahiye, madiralay nahin, pustkalay chahiye\" (We want books not liquor. We need libraries not liquor shops).\"Singh lamented that all the libraries opened during the freedom struggle or even later were languishing and many of them were on the verge of closure. Singh said the internet cannot be an alternative to books, and that the younger generation must know that they can increase their knowledge and acquire balanced information only with the aid of quality books.He informed that he has released Rs 42 lakh from his MPLAD fund to 12 schools and college libraries under his constituency for purchase of books. The Union government has set up a National Mission on Libraries for seeking public suggestions on libraries and the IT sector, he said adding he has raised questions in Parliament thrice on the status of libraries in the country particularly in Bihar in recent times.Singh claimed that the Bihar government passed a legislation on revamping libraries in the state four years back, after which it has not done anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "14862133", "title": "More students take admissions to engineering programmes", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: While on one hand, a number of institutions involved in technical educations are struggling to admit students in their engineering programmes, Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Engineering College, Fatehgarh Sahib continues to develop the skills and competencies of the faculty of its own as well as the faculty of other educational institutions of the region. The college is one of the few institutions of the region that are witnessing no fall in admissions to the engineering programmes.One faculty development programments on 'Smart Grid Management and Power System Analysis using LABVOLT and LABVIEW' concluded in the Department of Electrical Engineering while another one on 'Network simulation using Qualnet' began in the Department of Computer Science Engineering. Candidates from GGSCMT Kharar, SUSCET Tangori, CGC Gharuan, IET Bhaddal, LGC Chauki Mann, CTIEMT Jalandhar, BHSBIET Lehragaga, RBIET Sahauran, Desh Bhagat Engg College Mandi Gobindgarh, ACET Barnala, Bhutta College of Engg, Ludhiana &amp; GRDIET Lehrabega have been taking part in the FDPs.Dr G S Brar, coordinator of the program on Smart Grid Management, informed that the programme is an endeavour to find solutions for emerging problems in power sector which has eclipsed the development of India. In this program, distinguished experts from academia and industry were invited to share their thoughts with participants. Dr Ashwani Kumar from NIT Kurukshetra deliberated his talks on Power system operation in new environment, congestion management and Distributed Generation. To enhance industry academia relationship, experts from industry in field of Virtual Instrumentation were invited and issues like Smart Grid , Phasor Measurement, Optimization using LabView platform were discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857209", "title": "Delhi: Rain, waterlogging dwarf tall civic claims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tall claims of rain preparedness by civic agencies were washed away by light showers last week that resulted in several roads being waterlogged. The condition of these stretches - some of them still submerged in water - has revealed that monsoon-related work, including desilting of drains, undertaken by civic bodies was slapdash. The fact that many of the roads affected this time are areas where waterlogging is a perennial problem only means that agencies have learnt little from experience. And with heavy rain predicted this week, problems for Delhiites are expected to worsen.Waterlogging has triggered traffic snarls on strategic stretches in the city. \"We have taken up the issues of roads being jammed because of waterlogging and signals being affected by power failure with the civic agencies concerned. We are hopeful that when it rains again, things would be better,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Traffic cops have sent a list of 73 stretches where the maximum number of traffic problems were reported to civic agencies. The list also includes 57 traffic signals which stopped working due to power failure. The letter has been sent to Delhi Development Authority (DDA), Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), New Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC), Public Works Department (PWD), National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), Delhi Cantonment Board (DCB), irrigation &amp; flood control department, %Delhi Metro Rail Corporation as well as power distribution companies.On visiting the stretch between Aurobindo Marg-Adchini and PTS Malviya Nagar, and the Laxmi Nagar T-point, TOI found that drains were covered with garbage and silt, construction debris and dirt were piled on roadsides, and pumps had still not cleared the water on roads. This despite civic agencies' assurance that all drains would be desilted in time, and water pumps would be in place for a speedy clean-up of streets. These spots, including Sarai Kale Khan and Maharani Bagh bus stand on Ring Road, the AIIMS loop, and Rajghat to IP flyover witness waterlogging each monsoon.\"Authorities should put up a board near PTS Malviya Nagar saying this is a waterlogging point, since no one is bothered about rectifying the situation,\" said a shop owner at Adchini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14848200", "title": "Anjhula: Not \u2018help\u2019 or \u2018rape\u2019 \u2013 just yell \u2018fire!\u2019", "text": "Model and author to-be Anjhula Mya Singh Bais says Delhi fit the bill perfectly, when the city with the highest number of registered cases of violence against young women was to be chosen.In India to shoot for \"Just Yell Fire Campus Life\", a film being shot in different countries around the world to spread awareness about the dangers faced by girls in college, Anjhula delivered her dialogues with perfect ease, seemingly unperturbed by the crowd of men around her that kept growing. Shooting at India Gate a couple of days ago, Anjhula said, \"I did notice the men around me, they kept staring. When Rahul (Datta, the photographer) attempted to adjust my microphone (placed between Anjhula's ribs and back), their eyes grew wide as if something great was happening. It's just a microphone, but people's mentality doesn't change. They were like, 'Oh, what's happening',\" she said later.How it all started Started as a school project by US teen Dallas Jessup, \"Just Yell Fire\" was a 2006 film aimed at teaching young girls how to defend themselves against attackers. \"When Dallas was in school, she saw on the news, a girl being dragged into a dark alley and being raped. At that time, she (Dallas) had learnt black belt and she decided to teach other women. Dallas had said to her father, 'I could've taught the girl a couple of moves and she could have run away'. Dallas has had many backers and now she's doing a worldwide version of the 2006 film,\" says Anjhula. The film's title references a point made in the video: that yelling \"help\" or \"rape\" may frighten potential witnesses or rescuers away, while yelling \"fire\" tends to draw a crowd.Why Delhi? \"The film is like an instructional DVD, teaching women simple methods of defence. Two fingers could be used to gouge a man's eyes out, a simple hand movement could help you get away when attacked... So just these swift moves can empower women. You pick up a newspaper, read the headlines every day, it's crazy. Delhi is known as the rape capital of India for a reason,\" says Anjhula, adding, \"The Taj Mahal would have been more iconic to India, but since it didn't fit our schedule and Delhi's rape cases outnumber other cities', this was the perfect location. India Gate is iconic, it is something people associate with Delhi.\"My father gifted me pepper spray on my 21st birthday This Lady Sri Ram College graduate says she was a victim herself. \"Once, I was meeting a family friend at a hotel in Vasant Kunj. I used to stay in Vasant Vihar, literally five minutes away. They were very tired and were like 'don't mind if we can't drop you off', but I was okay to go on my own. I got into my car, but had two men follow me. They kept following me. I had the presence of mind not to go home because then they'd know where I live. Dallas' video gives these tips which you might not think of, but they help you develop a presence of mind. I was driving around in Vasant Vihar and the guy was like 'Oh, is that Anjhula Singh?' and he thought it would be really funny. I finally ducked into a side street and cut my lights,\" she says. \"On my 21st birthday, my father gifted me pepper spray. He was like, 'You need it, you're in Delhi',\" she adds.Crime happens everywhere, but there's something really aggressive about North India Anjhula says that after a recent experience, she's realized that there's something about North India that makes it more unsafe and aggressive, even though, she concedes, crime happens everywhere. \"I was at a family function in Rajasthan and I felt this thing... There's something really aggressive about North India. I think it's to do with its history. I was in Mumbai before this, and there's a different vibe. I hope all women can download this video and learn from it,\" she says.High kicks in Indian saris and salwars - possible? Anjhula disagrees when we ask if a sari or a salwar could be restrictive while using these moves for self-defence. \"You know, when Dallas came to South India and was teaching the girls there, they were a little shy to kick in the groin, but they opened up eventually. They felt much more confident after learning those techniques. I watched a video of them - they walked with their head held high. Maybe something else might be a little less cumbersome than a salwar, but if you watch the video, not everything is a kick. Your elbow , your fingers, everything come into play. You can grab a person's ear, and just by a trick of turning your hand you can rip the person's ear off. Dallas actually says in the video, 'You keep the ear for DNA evidence'. The point is to hit the person so you have enough time to run away, so even our beautiful women in saris can inflict some serious damage,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857856", "title": "Couple found dead in Odhav home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police officials found the bodies of a man and his wife from an Odhav home on Thursday morning. While the woman's corpse had strangulation marks, the man hanged himself. Police sent the bodies for postmortem to find the cause of death and have started investigating. Residents of the area said constant quarrels between husband and wife was the likely reason for the incident.According to Odhav police, Residents of Jeevanjyot Society near the Gurudwara in Odhav, called the city police control room and informed them about the bodies on Thursday morning. When officials reached on the spot, Kusum, 35, was lying on the bed while Mahavirsinh Rajput, 40, was hanging from the ceiling fan by a dupatta. Police observed signs of scuffle at the spot.\"While questioning of the residents from nearby and the deceased's relatives, we found out that Rajput was a foreman with an oil company in Sri Lanka and would remit money home. He had returned a month ago and was staying with his wife and two children - a girl and a boy. When the incident took place, the couple had just had tea. Earlier, Kusum had dropped her daughter to school and had woken up her son,\" said an Odhav police official.Neighbours said that the couple was fighting for the last two days over an unknown issue and the bickering had continued on Thursday morning. The couple had sent their five-year old boy out to play, while they argued in the morning. Later when no one opened their door, the neighbours went to check and discovered the bodies.\"Prima facie, we believe that Rajput might have killed his wife and then hanged himself. However, it would be premature to say. We are waiting for the postmortem report to know the cause of death, \" said J R Desai, inspector of Odhav police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14856630", "title": "'Modern composers should learn music first'", "text": "Doyen of Odissi classical music, Pandit Raghunath Panigrahi also has the distinction of being the only singer who can sing all the 24 verses of 'Geeta Govinda'. The 78-year-old Padma Shri awardee, who spent his life promoting and popularizing Odissi dance and music, shares his views and experiences with Minati Singha.Q: You have spent your life promoting and popularizing the life and works of Jayadeva and the cult of Jagannath. How did you get attracted towards them?A: Though Gunupur is my native place, I was brought up in Puri. The culture of Puri influenced me a lot. The rich culture and tradition of the holy city honed my artistic instincts and I was attracted to the Jagannath cult. I was introduced to Geeta Govinda by my father Nilamani Panigrahi, who was a scholar and classical singer. My father taught me how to read Geeta Govinda, as it requires a special style. It was Lord Jagannath's wish and blessing that I am the only person to sing all the 24 verses of Geeta Govinda.Q: Can any of your students sing the verses of Geeta Govinda?A: No, actually I don't find the interest and patience among today's youth to learn it. One of my students Mitali Chinnara can sing six to seven verses of Geeta Govinda though.Q: There has been a long standing demand of a classical tag for Odissi music. What are your views about it?A: Odissi music is ancient, the evidence of which was found in Khandagiri and Udaygiri caves. All our compositions are based on classical ragas. There is no need for a classical certificate for this. When I used to learn music it was on a broader note of Indian classical music.Q: While Odissi dance is so popular and widely acclaimed, Odissi music is not so widely known, why so?A: Music is equally important as dance because without music one cannot dance. But Odissi music did not get the kind of appreciation it should get. The popularity of Odissi dance today is due to the contribution of noted classical musician Pandit Bhubaneswar Mishra. But not many remember him or his contributions.Q: When and how did you meet Sanjukta Panigrahi?A: Music Academy of Madras had invited me and my father to speak on Jayadeva. There my father left me at a friend's house to perform in various cultural programmes and temples. During my stay in Madras I met her at Kalakshetra dance school, where she was learning Bharatnatyam. She was a beautiful small girl then. My father liked her a lot and fixed our marriage as we were both in the same field. We have spent many good times together. We were both passionate about our profession. We constantly rehearsed for hours and even more than 24 hours at a stretch sometimes. As dance is incomplete without music, likewise I am incomplete without Sanju. I had never thought that I have to live without her.Q: What are your views about today's music and musicians?A: The overall quality of music, especially classical music, has been deteriorating. It is not based on correct notes so there is no charm in today's music. You cannot listen to it for a long time. It is my humble request to modern composers to learn music first. Why are they afraid of learning?Q: How do you view the journey of Odissi dance since the days of Sanjukta Panigrahi?A: What she had sowed today's dancers are reaping. Odissi dance has travelled a long and successful journey since Sanjukta, no doubt. I remember, when she first performed on stage after we decided to settle in Odisha, many criticized her saying that look, a Brahmin girl is dancing on stage. But later when she represented Odisha abroad and brought recognition to the state, people accepted her. We never performed for money but now it has become totally commercial. The art is on a downward track.Q: Why do you feel Odissi is on a downward track?A: In the name of experimentation, a number of dancers or gurus are trying to adulterate the dance form. They are doing fusion, by which they are humiliating the classical dance form.Q: What do you feel is the future of Odissi?A: I feel the future of Odissi is uncertain. May be some miracle will happen and a big change will occur. There are hundreds of music and dance lovers, who hopefully would come forward to save the dance form.Q: You have lent your voice to many films in Odia as well as other regional languages. Why did you leave singing or composing for films?A: Yes, when I was only 19, I sang in the film 'Ilavelpu' for superstar N T Rama Rao. The song was a super hit. I also sang for Tamil and Kannada films. They liked my voice a lot. But I was harassed and humiliated in Odia film industry. When I was available here, Odia music directors invited singers from Bombay. However, I sang for many Odia films and also composed music in a couple of films.Q: You have received many accolades, highest state awards like Padma Shri, Jaydeva Samman and Sangita Natak Akademi award. Do you have any wish that has remained unfulfilled?A: It's true I have received many awards and accolades. But I don't know why I feel something is left and hopeful that someday I'll get that before I die.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858785", "title": "Prithviraj Scheme, where houses were never 'homes'", "text": "JAIPUR: Shyamlal Yadav, a daily wage labourer, was a happy man when he bought a piece of land at Vardhman colony in Prithviraj Nagar in 1991. He regularly saved from his meagre salary in a hope to have a concrete roof over his head. After 21 years, he has a house but not a \"home\" in the true sense. The gravel bylanes that lead upto the houses were never constructed. The water supply he gets is not potable.Same is the fate of more than five lakh people who reside in around 1,200 colonies at Prithviraj Nagar. \"We are in a complete mess. There are no drainage system. Water gets clogged in the monsoons and flows back into our homes. We can't consume the water we get,\" said Vimla Devi wife of Yadav. With the government announcing to regularize the contentious Prithviraj Nagar, the hopes of better living is brimming in the eyes of Vimla Devi. People residing their still hope of a better future, they still believe in THE SYSTEM and hope for a bright and dawn.Prithviraj Nagar was launched with much fanfare in 1988 by the then BJP government. The idea was to create Asia's biggest colony. The gazette notification was issued and the process to acquire 11,618 bighas from farmers was initiated. The colony was to spread from Kalawad road south to Sanganer railway station north covering Sirsi, Ajmer and new sanganer road. However the ambitious scheme received a jolt when most farmers refused to hand over their land. The state government offered compensation of Rs 1 lakh per bigha. However, the market price at that time was hovering around Rs 4.5-5 lakh per bigha. The farmers felt that they were duped by the government. Instead, they got into an agreement with private developers who were offering more money than the government. Housing societies, in return, developed the colonies and lured poor people to purchase it.\"After the notification in 1988, private developers in the area became active. People with low income were lured on the pretext of instalment payments. Many buyers thought once they purchased plots, the government could not thrown them out. This way, the developers outsmarted the government,\" said GS Khangarot, president, Prithviraj Nagar sangharsh samiti. On the other hand, Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) too invited applications for land allotment. In 1991, they held a lottery and awarded land to 3000 applicants. But none of them could get the plots and later went to court against the JDA. The government lost the case and the court directed the government to allot land to the allottees.\"The government goofed up on all grounds and subsequent lost on every front. The housing societies made profits and government could not even take possession of the land they acquired,\" Roshan Dhaka, convener, Prithviraj Nagar sangharsh samiti.The housing societies in the absence of any certainty, tried to tweak the system. They submitted the flawed maps at the JDA to seek approval and in real terms the growth was all scattered. \"In the maps, they showed the linking roads, space for parks and public facilities. But on Ground Zero, they sold every inch of land, leaving the people gasping for fresh airm,\" added Khangarot. In 2002, the Gehlot government de-acquired the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857073", "title": "High-security registration plate scheme launched in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: To curb cases of vehicle theft, the high security registration plate scheme was launched in Gurgaon on Thursday. The scheme was started in Haryana on May 15.New and old vehicles in Haryana alike will have to carry with high-security registration plates. These aluminum plates will have India scripted hologram and a laser number written below the registration number. The registration number will be easily readable, even during the night, from a distance of 200 meters.Once fitted in, nobody will be able to remove the number plate, which will help the police to track down stolen vehicles. In 2010, 2,331 cases of vehicle theft were registered in the city and till December 10, 2011, 2595 cases were registered. Each year sees an 11-12% rise in vehicle theft.In October 2011, Supreme Court imposed a fine of Rs 50,000 on the Haryana government for disobeying its direction to implement high security registration plates (HSRP) for motor vehicles. High-security Registration Plates Scheme started in Haryana from May 15.The work of affixing the HSRP has been assigned to a private company named M/s Link Utsav Registration Plates Limited. Initially, the project will start with new vehicles and gradually go on to cover old vehicles. After paying the vehicle registration fee, the applicant will get a receipt, after which he will be issued the high security number plate. According to the department, these plates will bring uniformity in the plates of all vehicles. Transport department officials revealed that the procedure of getting the HSRPs will remain the same for old vehicles.\"The authorization slip issued by the registering authority will need to be submitted at the company centre, after which the plate will be affixed within four days. In case of a delay, the company will have to pay around Rs 50- 70 to the vehicle owner. If the plate is broken due to some reason, the owner will have to get it prepared again from the same agency, after getting an %authorization slip from the registering authority,\" said Ramendra Jakhu, Additional Chief Secretary (Transport).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857929", "title": "PMC removes unauthorised constructions in Kothrud", "text": "PUNE: Illegal constructions by hotels, residential and commercial properties in Kothrud area were removed by the building and anti-encroachment departments of the Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC) on Thursday.\"About 10,000 sq ft land was cleared of encroachments in a span of about five hours,\" said Sahebrao Dandge, executive engineer of building department. Nearly 100 people, including 30 police officials, participated in the drive.Dandge said that a two-storey RCC construction in Sutardara, measuring about 6,000 sq ft, was the major structure razed. Action was also taken against those misusing side margins of hotels on Paud Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856826", "title": "BJP expels 75 dissidents in UP", "text": "VARANASI: Bharatiya Janata Party is going to take tough action against the betrayers in party and they would be ousted. \"Gaddaron ka BJP mein koi sthan nahin hai (there is no room for betrayers in BJP),\" state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpai said.Talking to reporters here on Thursday, he said that so far 75 such persons, who indulged in acts of indiscipline during the Assembly and the local body elections, had been shown the door. \"They would not be taken back in the partyfold,\" he said, adding that BJP had already switch over to 'Mission 2014' mode with full vigour. The party would announce the candidates for Lok Sabha elections (2014) by December this year, he said.Bajpai was here to attend the workers meet of Kashi region before the beginning of membership campaign. He said that the month-long membership campaign would be held across the state from July 15 to August 15. The elections of committees right from the village level would be held in October. This time, the committees would be formed through elections. \"The elections would be held through ballot papers and the winning candidates would head the committees,\" he said, adding that no candidate would be imposed by the leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "14856335", "title": "Mizo Zirlai Pawl to conduct census of 'foreigners'", "text": "AIZAWL: Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP) or Mizo Students' Federation on Thursday decided to conduct a census of the population of \"foreigners\" in Mizoram, especially Chakmas, who, it alleged, illegally migrated to the state.At a meeting of its Federal Council at Tlabung, a town in Lunglei district along the the Mizoram-Bangladesh border, the MZP also urged the Chakma Autonomous District Council authorities to allow only bona fide residents to settle in the state while implementing resettlement of people displaced by Indo-Bangladesh border fencing. The students' body also decided to take steps to ensure that Mizo couples produce more children to preserve their ethnicity, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857902", "title": "Ahmedabad begins countdown for Sunita Williams's space odyssey", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarati-American Sunita Williams, a record-setting astronaut who lived and worked aboard the International Space Station (ISS) for six months in 2006, is headed to the space once again on July 14 along with flight engineers Yuri Malenchenko of the Russian Federal Space Agency and Akihiko Hoshide of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency from the Baikonur Commodores in Kazakhstan .\"As Sunita Williams has a Gujarat origin, there are lots of interest and excitement among the younger generation to know about her and her mission. To educate students about ISS, the science city has organized an outreach programme on Friday from 10.30 am onwards,\" said Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist at the science city.Meanwhile, a prayer meeting for the safe journey for Sunita Williams was held at the Rajasthan Hindi High School on Thursday. Over 300 students lit candles and offered prayers, wishing Sunita a happy and safe journey into the space. The school has special affection for Sunita as she had visited the school on her maiden visit to Gujarat in 2008 after her first successful odyssey into space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857156", "title": "Not got occupation certificates? Amnesty in store", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government will soon announce a policy to give amnesty to residents of thousands of buildings that have not got occupation certificates (OCs).Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan told the legislative assembly that the scheme could provide relief to the residents of nearly 5,000 buildings. \"We have to devise a new mechanism or policy to address this issue,\" he said, admitting that the process of providing completion and occupation certificates needed to be streamlined as it was being misused by a section of developers.Until 2010, the BMC had recorded 2,384 buildings (constructed before 1991) without OCs; the number of such \"illegal\" structures had been increasing steadily. Not having an OC implies that the builder has not fulfilled the necessary requirements for the project and the residents are living illegally. \"Residents of such buildings are suffering due to the builders' negligence. At the same time, they are made to pay extra taxes as punishment,\" said Subhash Desai of the Shiv Sena.In many cases, developers and architects abandon a project and there is no way the occupants can obtain the mandatory NoC. The process of calculating charges for approval takes into account the current rates, which are much higher than those prevalent during occupation of the building. In such a situation, it becomes very difficult for the occupants to pay the steep amount.To expedite the process of granting pending OCs, the BMC had started a scheme and formulated a panel of 10 architects to scrutinize the proposals. \"But the scheme did not have any impact and the number have since only increased,\" said a senior DP official.Officials said not many developers submitted completion certificates, to be taken from civic departments such as stormwater drains, roads and sewage, on time. Chavan said the BMC is imposing a number of penalties on developers who are defaulting in payment of development charges to the corporation, including an interest of 18% and cancellation of licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14857168", "title": "RMC intensifies property tax drive", "text": "RAJKOT: Intensifying its property tax collection drive, Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided to auction 14 properties of defaulters.RMC officials said, \"The auction will be held between July 16 and July 21 and we will recover Rs 20.30 lakh from the proceeds.\"The corporation has so far collected Rs 84.31 crore as property tax, which is Rs 28 crore more than what had been collected till now during the previous year.With a view to encourage people to pay their taxes, RMC has decided to extend five per cent rebate scheme being offered till July 15. Officials said RMC has given Rs 5.5 crore as rebate to tax payers in the city so far.The branches of RMC will remain open on Saturday and Sunday to facilitate tax collection. Officials have warned that after July 15, strict action will be initiated against 350 property tax defaulters. \"These properties may be auctioned if they fail to pay up their taxes,'' an RMC official said.RMC has set a target of Rs 150 crore to be realized from property tax collection this year.Tax alerts for property tax collectionRMC has used SMS alerts to remind property owners about their pending tax dues and it has received good response. RMC officials said there are a total of 33.32 lakh properties in city out of which 1.5 lakh are registered online. RMC has sent SMS messages to 97,169 property owners. \"We have observed that whenever we have sent SMS alerts, the tax collection has increased. Our estimates suggest that Rs 53 crore was collected after property tax alerts were sent,'' a senior RMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14857425", "title": "Guntur gets 'greater' tag", "text": "GUNTUR: Senior minister Kanna Lakshminarayana had the last laugh when the state government issued a GO by including 10 villages in Guntur Municipal Corporation (GMC) on Thursday. With the inclusion of 10 villages, GMC will soon have the tag of 'greater' as the government is all set to change the nomenclature.The issue of merger of villages into the GMC has been boiling in the ruling party as rival group of Kanna including rural development minister Dokka Manikyavaraprasad and MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao were demanding the inclusion of all the 15 villages mentioned in the initial proposal. However, agriculture minister Lakshminarayana was firm on taking only ten villages into the city keeping in view the local political and caste equations and got the proposal cleared by the chief minister and municipal administration minister last week.The government issued GO 279 by bringing Nallapadu, Pedapalakalur, Adavitakkellapadu, Ankireddipalem, Potthur, Gorantla, Chowdavaram, Etukur, Budampadu and Reddipalem villages into the GMC limits. Curiously, the state government ignored the proposal of the director (municipal administration) who defended the inclusion of four other villages - Venigalla, Pedakakani, Takkellapadu and Agathavarappadu, and took the district collector's recommendation into account before giving the final nod.With government clearing the proposal, next elections to the civic body would be held for a greater body. While the existing corporation has 52 divisions,The number of divisions could go up to 70 depending on the total population after the merger. Since the delimitation of the existing 52 divisions was done only before the previous election, the authorities said that no fresh redesigning of divisions would be done.Sources said that the formation of new divisions would only be taken up after the merger of panchayats.The state government asked GMC authorities to seek public opinions from 10 village panchayats in March last while the officials actually proposed for merger of 15 villages. Suburban areas would be merged into the urban civic body to give it a brand of Greater Guntur Municipal Corporation (GGMC).The proposal for merger of suburban villages into GMC was first discussed way back in 2005 but was dropped following the strong opposition from the village panchayats. Subsequently, the proposal was discussed by the council in 2009, which passed a resolution to take over the management of villages. Curiously, majority of village bodies agreed for the merger keeping in view of the improvement of basic infrastructure like roads, lighting and drinking water facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14856628", "title": "Crack down on moneylenders", "text": "AMRAVATI: Divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur has given directives to officials of the corporate department to keep a tab on illegal moneylenders.Addressing a workshop organized by the joint registrar, divisional commissionerate and cooperative organizations, Thakur said as per Bombay Moneylenders Act 1946, the department should conduct raids on those found indulging in the act.Retired district and sessions judge SS Hingane, retired divisional joint registrar SS Pathak and lawyers dwelt on the various aspects of Moneylender Act, 1946.Police commissioner Ajit Patil and inspector Mohan Rathod too addressed the gathering. Officials of revenue and police department were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14861167", "title": "Brett Lee embodied spirit of cricket: Cricket Australia", "text": "MELBOURNE: Cricket Australia paid rich tribute to pacer Brett Lee, who announced his international retirement on Friday, describing the veteran bowler as the \"very embodiment\" of the spirit of the game.Cricket Australia Chief Executive Officer James Sutherland said Lee would forever be remembered for not just his contribution as a wicket-taker but also as an inspiration to kids to take up the game.\"His record as a wicket-taker and leader of the attack is fantastic and speaks for itself but his resilience and ability to bounce back after numerous injuries has also been impressive,\" he said.\"On top of this, and this is a significant part of his legacy, Brett inspired young Australians to play cricket and bowl fast\".The 35-year-old Lee retired after a 13-year international career that included 76 Tests, 221 ODIs and 25 Twenty20 internationals.He leaves as the second highest ODI wicket-taker (380) for Australia behind Glenn McGrath (seventh all-time) and one of only four Australians to take more than 300 Test wickets.Lee has also retired from one-day domestic cricket but will still continue to play in the Twenty20 Big Bash League as well as the Indian Premier League.National Selector John Inverarity said pacer's record speaks of his talent but his affable persona set him apart from others.\"Today one of Australia's most outstanding fast bowlers announced his retirement. Brett Lee's record speaks for itself.\"He first represented Australia as an exciting fast bowler in the Boxing Day Test in 1999 and played his last match played for Australia on July 7 this year.\"Including T20s, Lee took 738 international wickets and on numerous occasions also had an impact with the bat lower down the order.\"The statistics only tell part of the story. Brett has been an absolute ornament to the game; a fine player, a fierce and brave competitor, a generous opponent and one who always upheld the highest standards of sportsmanship. He has been a cricketer in every sense of the word,\" Inverarity said.\"The 'Spirit of Cricket' has received prominence in recent years. Brett Lee has been the very embodiment of this for 13 years at the international level.\"He leaves the scene having made friends and won respect throughout the cricketing world, not only for his outstanding achievements and wholehearted efforts, but also for his generosity of spirit and readiness to help others,\" he added.Inverarity said Lee has inspired an entire generation of players.\"Australia's young fast bowlers have greatly benefitted from his mentoring and the standards he has set in recent years.\"The international cricketing world salutes Brett Lee, thanks him for his wonderful contribution to the game and wishes him well for the future. His ready and defining smile will be missed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14858379", "title": "Saxtikkars petition CM over ferrying kids", "text": "MARGAO: Strengthening their resolve to fight against alleged harassment by the traffic cell, private vehicle owners and parents from Salcete have decided to petition the chief minister and ask him to create special permits to allow the transportation of school children from homes to schools.Addressing mediapersons in Margao on Thursday under the banner of private school transporters union, politician Savio Coutinho said that vehicle owners were being fined 2,500, and demanded a temporary reprieve till a solution was finalised.Claiming that any decision to disallow them from transporting school children would destroy their livelihood, private vehicle owners pointed out that all of them were Goans, and that in a state with such high unemployment rates , their practise was a viable self-employment opportunity for Goan youth.South Goa district collector N D Agarwal decided to back the move initiated by the transport department and issued instructions to the traffic police to issue challans to private vehicle owners who were found violating traffic norms. Officials stated that private vehicle owners were charging parents around 700 a month, which made the activity a commercial one, and that they did not possess the permission for the same. Also they said that most of the vehicles were carrying students beyond their capacity. Traffic police further pointed out that some vehicles were caught carrying as many as 11 students. Responding to queries, Coutinho said that the parents had full faith and trust in them, and knew of the risks of sending their wards by private vehicles.\"These vehicles are carrying students who are in the primary and pre-primary schools and are dropped and picked up from their doorstep, and are driven by people known to the family\" Domnic Dias, a private vehicle owner, said. He alleged that an outside party could enter with a fleet of vehicles having the requisite permits and displace what he called a 'traditional local business'.Coutinho questioned the government for choosing to cut down the price of petrol on one side and on the other impose such heavy fines for revenue generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14859279", "title": "Two minor girls drown in quarry", "text": "BHOPAL: Two minor girls, who were returning home after school, drowned in a stone quarry near village Shahpur in Bhopal district on Thursday. The incident took place when the two were trying to take out a pen that had fallen into the water-filled quarry.The police said Yasmeen, 9 and Guljaan were cousins and lived in Neelbad village. They were students of government school in Parwalia.The incident took place near village Shahpur when the two with their brother, Sahil, also a minor, were heading for home after school.Police said a pen of one of the victims fell into the water-filled quarry. The duo ventured into the water to take out the pen drowned as the depth was more than they expected. Their minor brother, Sahil, who was also standing there, raised an alarm on spotting them drowning, but by the time villagers came to their rescue, it was too late.The minor girls were dead by the time they were fished out from the water, the police added, ruling out possibilities of any foul play in the incident.Local villagers alleged negligence on part of the authorities. They said there are no security measures and they had also objected at the time when the mining lease was allotted to a private firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858249", "title": "Cuncolim consumer forum meet on July 15", "text": "The Cuncolim civic and consumer forum (CCCF) will hold its monthly general meeting of consumers on July 15, at 10.30am, at Our Lady of Health High School, Cuncolim. Among the issues to be discussed are importance of breast feeding, need for a tree audit and plantation drive, municipal health, nutrition and sanitation committee, violations of the packaged commodities rules, feedback on services of Kadamba Transport Corporation Ltd and recommendations to the central vigilance committee on public distribution system (PDS). The consumer forum will continue its monthly dry waste collection to promote segregation of plastic bags, bottles, tetrapaks, used batteries and expired medicines, states a press note.Release of Sudeep Chakravarti's book: Literati and Harper Collins Publishers India will organize the 'Goa launch' of Sudeep Chakravarti's new book 'Highway 39' on July 21, at 6.30pm, at Literati in Calangute. After the book is released by Nandita Haksar and Sebastain Hongray, Prava Rai will be in conversation with the author.100 years of Indian cinema on Radio Mirchi: Radio Mirchi 98.3FM is commemorating '100 years of Indian cinema' on 'Purani Jeans' (9pm-12am) with RJ Suchi, and this will culminate into a film festival for cinema aficionados on July 28 and July 29. In keeping with the cinematic heritage of Indian films in the last 100 years, Suchi will showcase the path-breaking musical heritage of the 1940s, 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s and 2000 with a bouquet of songs, taking listeners on a journey of music, its influences and what made it possible for the path-blazers of yesteryears to pave the future for today's musicians in Bollywood. Highlighting the contribution of the local Goan industry to Bollywood music on 'Hello Goa' (7am-11am), RJ Silroy will feature some of the sons and daughters of Goa carving a musical profession for themselves, and looking towards the future and their passion: music. Supported by Western Union Money Transfer, '100 years of Indian Cinema' will also showcase lesser known film and music trivia and contests for people participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857393", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority to clear Hussainsagar of flotsam and jetsam", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has decided to revamp the system of cleaning the Hussainsagar by taking additional measures to even clean the shoreline and remove all floating material. These measures would be in addition to the ongoing project of Hussainsagar Lake Catchment Area Improvement Project being taken up with the help of funds granted by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).Addressing a press conference in the city on Thursday, HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad said five major initiatives were being taken up in the revamped system, namely, removal of floating material and shoreline cleaning, treatment of inflows, improvement in quality of lake water, protection of lakes and nalas in catchment areas and public awareness and stakeholders' participation. For the removal of floating material and shoreline cleaning, the authority would spend about Rs 1.45 crore, he said.The metropolitan commissioner said that apart from sewage and other pollutants, large quantities of dry material like dried flowers, garlands, plastic and idols are being dumped in the lake. As part of removal of floating material and shoreline cleaning, 14 kms of shoreline have been divided into six sectors to enhance the level of cleaning and to have controlling, monitoring and accountability. Separate labour would take up the work.\"Floating material in the middle of the lake will be removed by pedal boats and motor boats. Similarly, hyacinth and algal blooms floating in the water will be handled through motor boats. All the material collected will be stocked at one place and transported in specially-engaged vehicles with dumper bins which will move continuously around the lake. Two sanitary inspectors or retired officers will be hired to monitor these works on a continuous basis,\" Neerabh Kumar Prasad said.He said the authority has invited suggestions, comments and remarks on Hussainsagar cleaning from people via 'Neat and Clean Hussainsagar - Through People's Initiative'. People can send in their suggestions to hsclean@hmda.gov.in and can also share their views on www.facebook.com/hussainsagarcleaning.On the Hussainsagar cleaning project being taken up with Rs 370 crore JICA funds, the metropolitan commissioner said treatment of inflows into the lake like interception and diversion structures, construction of sewage treatment plants and improvement of quality of lake water were being done.Some works like construction of upgradation of STPs and aeration and oxidation works have been completed and some more works like dredging would be taken up soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14857343", "title": "CIC must strive to draw talent from schools &amp; colleges", "text": "Nari Contractor has a job at hand. As head of the Cricket Improvement Committee (CIC) of the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA), he and his colleagues will have to tackle challenges with practical solutions.Contractor makes for a good choice to handle this as, besides being an experienced cricketer, he also has managerial experience. He is well aware of the advantages of a system being meticulously implemented.That word 'improvement' indicates that problems existed in the first place. And they do indeed. Mumbai cricket hosts a huge number of tournaments, but this hardly helps Mumbai in producing quality cricketers. The bifurcation of elite and plate tournaments with correct scheduling could give selectors better options.The Kanga League continues to be an obsession with Mumbaikars. The purpose of playing on treacherous pitches in Kanga is absurd, considering that the BCCI technical committee persists in having matches on covered pitches. That period can be utilised by sending junior and senior teams to places like Chennai or Bangalore to play matches. Many other associations do the same when faced by the monsoon.The bigger problem is lack of coordination between the MCA and schools and colleges. Since schools and colleges are not a part of the MCA, there exists a lack of coordination. There is no proper connection between the selection of teams in the three spheres. No selector is invited by school and university authorities to look over inter-school or inter-collegiate tournaments, and so many young talented players miss out on an opportunity.The majority of Test players from Mumbai have played the century-old Giles, Harris and inter-collegiate cricket tournaments. Out of 69 Test cricketers produced by Mumbai, 50 have represented the University of Mumbai, and 8 have gone on to lead the country. No other university in India can boast of such a record, and yet the inter-collegiate matches that used to draw huge crowds have been made insignificant.The main grouse of colleges is that there is no proper process of selection. University of Mumbai sends a circular to colleges to send in their good cricketers. It then calls for the selection trial, requesting the MCA to nominate three selectors to pick the university team. Out of the crowd of young hopefuls, the MCA selectors pick out a team without any further knowledge of the players' strengths or previous performances. On the basis of a few balls played or bowled hangs the fate of a teenager who dreams of playing for the university. The process is guaranteed to minimise effective talent-scouting, and it is the university that bears the blame for not having a proper selection system.To pick the university team, a trial was once held on December 27, 1990 at the Wankhede stadium. Around 400 players gathered at the venue. When a lanky fast bowler bowled two wayward deliveries, a selector waved him off. The next day however, he was inducted in the BCA-Mafatlal scheme for bowlers, and two and half months later, he made his debut in the Ranji Trophy final between Mumbai and Haryana. That was Abey Kuruvilla. How many others must be slipping through the cracks when talent is picked in such a hurried fashion?In fact, many of the fast and spin bowlers from that scheme were spotted in either open trials or in tennis ball matches, and these bowlers together went on to capture more than 5000 first-class wickets.To the credit of the selectors and some former Mumbai players, they went around hunting for the talent. The point is when 190 senior and 65 junior colleges play inter-collegiate matches, the players are aware that their performances aren't being watched by MCA selectors as no committee is assigned the job of observing these matches by the university authorities. Same is the case with schools.The CIC should deliberate on how schools and college matches can be made the talent-hunting ground for Mumbai teams. Appointing separate selection committees for school and college tournaments could be the model solution.The Talent Resource Development Officers is another system which could resource talent. Since Contractor was the chief TRDO of West Zone, he is well aware of the operation of the system and the fact that it produced a lot of cricketers for the country. In fact, seven players of the 2011 World Cup team were the products of the TRDO system, including captain MS Dhoni.Unless the CIC forms a system of planning and implementation, discussions will serve no purpose. What we need is not going over the same tale, but some firm and real measures. Mumbai has always had a lot of talent, and it still does. It is the lack of proper system and the excessive number of approved tournaments -- 80-odd and haphazardly scheduled -- that is hindering the emergence of the new players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "14857510", "title": "Mamata Banerjee takes a break, makes most of forest trip", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , known for working even on weekends, took a day off, that too on a weekday. She seemed to have taken a liking for the ambience - the forests, elephants and the rain - and spent most of Thursday basking in the natural beauty of the Gorumara National Park.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who has created a Saturday-work culture in Bengal, took a day-off -- that too on a weekday. She spent most of Thursday basking in the natural beauty of the Gorumara National Park. The CM seemed to have integrated with the ambience - the forests, elephants, the indigenous tribals et al.The chief minister and her colleagues, including north Bengal development minister Gautam Deb, higher education minister Bratya Basu and Union railway minister Mukul Roy were put up at the tree houses of the Dhupjhora elephant camp. The tree-houses here are a major tourist attraction -- the CM had heard a lot of them. Now she got to know how it was to live inside one.At around 7pm on Wednesday, Mamata and her entourage drove from Cooch Behar to the Gorumara forests around 7 pm on Wednesday. They were greeted with a heavy downpour that continued till mid morning. The trees seemed greener than ever, enough to bring out the artist in the chief minister. There was no way she could have ventured out in the morning, so the CM slept into the morning, and stepped out only at 11am.Her first visitors were the kunki (trained) elephants in the camp. The CM took a particular liking for a two-year-old, whom she christened Barshan (rain). Mamata looked extremely relaxed. Putting the ongoing political tensions with the Congress in the background for a day, far away from the ongoing political tensions with big brother Congress. It was the CM's day out really.the chief minister walked the muddy outfields, planted samplings and stopped by to speak to the seven-month-old Ashique. Delighted with her interaction with the infant, she handed a 500-rupee note to his father, a tea garden worker. The CM gave his father, a tea-garden worker, a 500-rupee note.While the previous night's dinner was an elaborate spread of chicken and hilsa, Thursday's lunch was quick and simple after which Mamata got back to work.She convened an informal meeting with senior forest officials. The moot point of the half-hour discussion included the resolve on stringent measures to protect forest and wildlife. The CM enquired about the privileges offered to forest employees and asked the seniors to ensure they are well looked after. A special focus was to be given on the Rajabhatkhawa forests, she instructed.It was time for a quick lunch. The previous night's dinner had been an elaborate affair with chicken and hilsa. The CM then took a work-break, convening an informal meeting with senior forest officials. The moot point of the half-hour discussion included the resolve on stringent measures to protect forest and wildlife. The CM enquired about the privileges offered to forest employees; she asked the seniors to ensure they are well looked after. A special focus was to be given on the Rajabhatkhawa forests.Her holiday was, however, far from over. The chief minister left Gorumara around 2.40pm for the Takda bungalow in Darjeeling, feasting her eyes on the lush green tea gardens en route. On Friday, she is scheduled to attend a programme in the name of poet Bhanubhakta at Kalimpong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858792", "title": "Development still a distant dream", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the state government's announcement to regularize the Prithvi Raj Nagar (PRN) scheme, apprehension still looms large over the fate of the colony.Residents waiting for development of the area since the last two decades still have no ray of hope over fears that the government policies and the higher development rates will continue hamper any growth in the area.They are even sceptical of housing societies submiting their documents on time. \"I have personally contacted many housing societies to submit the documents. However, many are not willing to take the responsibility,\" PRN Sangarsh Samiti president, Giraj Singh Khangarot, said.\"Majority of the housing society's owners, who have issued the land deeds are not alive today and current office holders are not willing to take pain for the residents. Even the (JDA) has not announced to take any strict action in case they fail to submit records on time,\" he added.The JDA had directed the housing societies in the colony to submitting records within one month's time. According to the official sources, even after four days, the housing societies have not submitted the records.While the JDA officials claim that it too early to reach a conclusion as enough time remains, Shuchi Sharma, additional commissioner, JDA said, \"Once the JDA officials complete the survey of the scheme, the housing societies will start submitting the records. We are hopeful that all the records will be submitted by last date.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857446", "title": "Maoist commander surrenders", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging harassment from Andhra Pradesh leaders and cadres, a Maoist commander surrendered before Odisha police. Deba Padiami, 30, who was wanted in connection with landmine explosions and other criminal activities, surrendered before Malkangiri police on Wednesday.Padiami alleged harassment from Maoist leaders from outside the state, particularly those from AP.Padiami, who served as area commander of Kalimela-Motu dalam, said the Odisha cadre was neglected by the Maoist leadership which is dominated by AP leaders.A police official said Padiami would be rehabilitated as per the policies for surrendered Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14857475", "title": "Chilli farmers call for two-day bandh", "text": "GUNTUR: Transactions at the agriculture market yard and nearby cold storages came to a standstill on Thursday following a bandh by the chilli farmers' action committee. The committee called for a two-day bandh protesting the delay in settling the insurance claims for the stocks burnt down in the fire mishaps in three cold storages last year.Speaking at a dharna organized near the district collectorate, CPI secretary and action committee leader Muppalla Nageswara Rao threatened to intensify the agitation if the government did not relent. He criticized the government for not exerting any pressure on the insurance companies to clear the claims of the farmers.Chilli stocks to the tune of nearly Rs 40 crore were burnt in three separate fire mishaps in April and May last year. The three cold storages were insured at Rs 60 crore, but the insurance companies have not settled the claims yet raising doubts about the mishaps.\"Even after 14 months no public representative has taken any initiative to get the compensation. We will be forced to commit suicide if help does not come our way\" said Narsaiah, a farmer of Medikondur village. The farmers said that they would lay siege to the offices of insurance companies and launch a state-wide agitation if the companies do not relent.Despite several representations to the minister and senior officials, no action has been taken, farmers said.Raising several eyebrows, two cold storages owned by one management were gutted in the fire in a span of a fortnight. Local ministers later took the issue to the notice of senior officials of the insurance firms and sought their intervention in settling the claims. The district administration enumerated and identified nearly 2,476 farmers as victims of the fire mishaps and promised to give compensation. Of the total 1,35,000 bags that were reduced to ashes in the fire mishaps, officials identified that more than 1,20,000 bags were stocked by farmers and remaining 15,000 were owned by merchants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14858046", "title": "Three-day conference on gynaecology from today", "text": "MADURAI: With the aim of imparting modern techniques in obstetrics and gynaecology to young doctors and to reduce prenatal and maternal mortality rate in the country, a three-day workshop will be held in Madurai on July 13, 14 and 15. The event is organised by the Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI) along with Madurai Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (Madurai OB &amp; GYN Society). B Ambigai Meena, organising secretary of the event, said the conference, YUVA FOGSI, will be held for southern states Tamil Nadu, AP Karnataka, Kerala and Pondicherry. \"The major objective the conference is to create awareness about new inventions and innovative methods in the treatment of women to reduce perinatal and maternal mortality,\" she said.There will be two live workshops about sutureless hysterectomy and hysteroscopic surgeries at the Government Rajaji Hospital on July 13, while the two-day conference on July 14 and 15 will witness eminent faculties from the country and abroad speaking about the modern methods of saving lives from perinatal and maternal mortality, she said.About 600 doctors are expected to attend the workshop and more than 100 research papers will be presented during the event, Meena said. Organisers said that after 2009, Madurai OB &amp; GYN Society is organising such a major event in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858079", "title": "Major blockades", "text": "In the past three months, demonstrations leading to disruptions in traffic movement on the Charbagh-Hazratganj artery have become quite frequent. The main victims are commuters. At times, apart from facing the traffic woes, they even become a part of the protest. Some major protests that affected traffic.1. March 20, 2012: Thousands of TET qualified candidates blocked the Charbagh-Hazratganj for more than four hours. When police tried to pacify the protestors, they went berserk. To disperse the mob, police resorted to water cannons and lathicharge. In the process, over two dozen TET candidates and many police personnel were injured.2. March 30: TET candidates staged a sit-in at Dharna Sthal. Before reaching the protest venue, these candidates blocked the Vidhan Sabha Marg for about two hours. A few of them also sat on a hunger strike. The situation was brought to control after secondary education secretary met them and assured them of an early solution.3. April 28: TET qualified candidates blocked the route from Charbagh to Husainganj Crossing. Since, the protestors were less in number, traffic was not badly hit. The protesters spent the night at the Dharna Sthal.4. July 2: Hundreds of Ayurvedic and Unani doctors blocked the Vidhan Sabha Marg for more than three hours. Police used force to remove the protesters who also clashed with the police. Nine police personnel, including women, were seriously injured. Several doctors were also injured. The protestors wanted the chief minister to hear their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14859348", "title": "Rampant digging upsets civic plans in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Lack of coordination among various government departments is causing residents to suffer as each department digs the road whenever and wherever they want. Because of the various dug-up portions on city roads, the power department has chosen to do away with shifting of high tension-wires underground, fearing the random excavation would damage wires. Municipal departments like operation and maintenance cell and bridges and road department and departments of GLADA, apart from the telecom and cable TV companies, keep digging roads without any prior communication.The power department decided not to go ahead with shifting wires underground despite having sent an engineer to Jaipur to learn the process.The power department had sent an engineer to Jaipur to study the technique behind shifting high-tension wires underground. The engineer said Jaipur has a different department that looks after the maintenance of underground wires. There are different lanes under road for high tension wires to pass through in Jaipur, he added.The MC engineer said Jaipur municipality uses advanced technology to trace ruptures in high tension wires online before rectifying a snag. \"But, such infrastructure and coordination among various departments is absent in Ludhiana, which makes it a tough job to adopt such a system,\" he added.The residents said a nodal officer to coordinate with the departments who dig the roads for various works would simplify the situation. \"Heavy rainfall for a few hours last week resulted in a huge ditch on a road in Dugri. We later came to know the ditch was formed because GLADA officials dug up the road for sewerage laying work,\" said Dr Ajay Shahi, a dentist from Dugri. If there were electricity wires under that road portion, it would have proved dangerous when water filled the ditch, added Shahi. Businessman Manish Sharma from Civil Lines said, \"Dropping the plan of shifting power cables is not the way out. The authorities should instead find a solution to get the city rid of dangerously hanging jumbled electrical wires.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "14856882", "title": "Headmaster 'beats up' 10-year-old for quarrelling in class", "text": "BALASORE: Despite the state government's ban on corporal punishment in schools, a 10-year-old boy studying in Class-V of Mangalmata Upper Primary school in Balasore district has been allegedly beaten up by the headmaster of the school for quarreling with his friends.Sources said headmaster Rabindra Dalai thrashed the victim, Sk Ansar, following a complaint by his friends who quarreled with him during an off period. Ansar's father, Sk Kalimuddin, alleged the teacher did not stop even as the boy was bleeding profusely.Though the incident took place on July 9, it came to light only on Thursday, when Kalimuddin lodged a complaint with Jaleswar police seeking action against the teacher. \"I initially informed the school committee and the DI of schools, Jaleswar, of the incident. But I was forced to lodge a police complaint as they did not take any action,\" he said.\"After being beaten up mercilessly, my son came home crying and told me about the incident. I was shocked to find him bleeding from his ear. He also had deep bruises on his back,\" Ansar's father said.He said the boy was also under severe mental trauma ever since the incident took place, and is not willing to attend classes.While Dalai rubbished the allegations, a police officer said he was looking into the incident.\"There was no injury mark on the body of the student. I am verifying the allegations,\" he said.Locals alleged that the same teacher was earlier involved in misappropriation of funds meant for students' uniform and mid-day meals, but no action was initiated against him, despite repeated complaints to the DI of schools and the block development officer.BDO Gopinath Kuanr said he had not received any complaint against the teacher.\"I would definitely inquire about it and take action once I receive a complaint,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "14856600", "title": "Agni-I set to be test-fired off Odisha coast", "text": "BALASORE: India is all set to carry out a user specific trial of Agni-I missile from a defence base off the Odisha coast. The missile has been scheduled to be test-fired any time on Friday or Saturday.It is the first trial of the Agni series of missiles after the much-celebrated success of the maiden test of 5000-km range Agni-V missile in April. Defence sources said the indigenously built missile would be fired from the Wheeler Island test facility in Bhadrak district.\"As the missile has already been inducted in the Indian Army, the test will be conducted by the Army personnel. This will be a limited stock production (LSP) test of Agni-I, which has been randomly selected from a bunch of missiles after production,\" a source at the defence base in Chandipur said on Thursday.Massive preparations have been underway for the test since over a fortnight by defence scientists and Army personnel, with heavy security arrangement along the sea coast.Though Agni-I was initially planned to be tested in May, the test was deferred till July reportedly due to some problems during the integration of the missile with the tracking systems and other sub-systems.\"There were considerable improvements in its re-entry technology and maneuverability since Agni's first trial. This test will reconfirm the technical parameters set for the user (Army),\" said a defence scientist associated with the programme.The Agni-I is an antiquated short-range and surface-based ballistic missile in the Agni series. It has a strike range of 700-900 km. Compared it its longer range cousins, its height is just 15 metres and it is powered by both solid and liquid propellants, which imparts it a speed of 2.5 km per second.This missile was first test-fired on January 25, 2002 and since then several trails have been conducted. It is designed to bridge the gap between indigenously built short-range Prithvi, already deployed in the Army, and medium range Agni-II that has a range of more than 2,000 km, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857396", "title": "21 accidents: Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport to pay Rs 40 lakh compensation", "text": "MUMBAI: The loss-making Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport (BEST) undertaking will have to pay a whopping Rs 40 lakh in compensation to the next of kin of those who died or were seriously injured in 21 major road accidents in the past six years. While two accidents were reported in 2006, four occurred in 2007, two in 2008, four in 2009 and nine in 2010. In all the accidents, the bus driver was accused of being rash and negligent. TOI has learnt that the actual compensation demanded by victims/family members is more than Rs 88 lakh.However, the Lok Adalat, where the matter came up for final hearing, had given orders for disbursement of Rs 40.92 lakh in the 21 accident cases.The proposal to disburse the compensation was cleared by the BEST committee on Wednesday. Committee member Ravi Raja, however, said, \"It is ridiculous that despite paying so much money as compensation, we are unable to bring down the number of accidents involving our buses.\"He had recently given a list of 100 mishaps involving BEST buses in April and May to the panel.\"There is a huge rise in signal jumping cases by our drivers,\" Raja pointed out. He said that most drivers were rash and didn't follow traffic rules. \"Bus drivers have to use the left lane of the road and travel at a speed of 40 to 50 kmph. But I have often seen buses speed from the right side of the road at 60 to 70 kmph. There is a need to have a vigilance squad to keep tabs on errant drivers,\" he demanded, adding that such drivers were more prone to accidents. Commenting on the Rs 40 lakh compensation, another committee member Sunil Ganacharya said, \"Instead of paying lakhs of rupees in compensation every year, why can't we have incentives for drivers to ensure zero accidents every month.\" He suggested that drivers could be given cash incentives of Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 every month for not being involved in any accident.BJP member Dilip Patel said there should be a comprehensive insurance policy from which money should be disbursed for deaths/injuries in accident cases. Raja said that there is already an \"incentive bonus\" for drivers to start the bus from a depot on time and punctually return to the depot in the evening. \"In order to get this bonus money, drivers are always in a hurry to meet deadlines. This may also be one of the factors for rash and negligent driving leading to road accidents,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14857477", "title": "Sagar Chopda to meet Subhankar Dey in title clash", "text": "AURANGABAD: The extraordinary retrieving ability of Subhankar Dey will be put to severe test against Sagar Chopda when the two top seeds clash in the men's singles final on Friday.As expected, both Chopda and Dey sealed their places in the final with easy wins in the semifinals of the first Maharashtra State Senior Ranking Badminton tournament here on Thursday.The penultimate day's play at the sprawling Divisional Sports Complex was absolutely action packed with the slotting of both quarterfinals and semifinals in the morning and evening sessions, respectively. The third day also witnessed couple of big upsets.Top seeds in the men's doubles Sameer Bhagwat and Varun Khanwalkar of Pune were humbled by unseeded Prashant Bahatre and Abhishek Kulkarni in straight games.The Thane pair will now take on crack doubles combination of Nishad Dravid and Shlok Ramchandran in the final.Women's final will be played between top seed Anuradha Shrikhade and Sonal More. Pune's Anuradha had a shaky start but recovered well to down Riya Pillai of Mumbai, while Sonal got the better of Sampada Sahasrabudhe in the other semis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14858222", "title": "Deceased ex-legislators remembered", "text": "PORVORIM: Members of the Goa legislative assembly on Thursday condoled the death of former sports minister Sanjay Bandekar, former MLAs Punaji Achrekar and Shripad Cuncolienkar.'The house deeply condoles the untimely sad demise of Bandekar, the former minister for sports, agriculture and fisheries, who passed away on May 24.The house also condoles the sad demise of Achrekar, the former Tivim legislator and freedom fighter, who passed away on June 5 and former St Andre MLA Cuncolienkar, who passed away on June 13,' the condolence motion stated.Speaking on the condolence motion, leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane said, \"We salute these people and they are no more with us.\" Rane said that he condoled the people concerned on behalf of the Congress party.Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar described the three deceased as \"simple personalities\". St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh recited a poetry dedicated in memory of Bandekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857544", "title": "Erring pharma firms have a hand in own undoing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A recent study conducted by the appellate authority of Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) was what eventually helped it nail the 12 erring pharmaceutical units that were issued closure notices on Thursday. Interestingly, the study in question had been allegedly initiated in connivance with the pharma companies themselves to prevent them getting blacklisted, said an APPCB source. However, the coming to light of several glaring discrepancies in the study have ensured that these firms got penalised.The units which have been ordered to stop all industrial activity with effect from July 23, are: Aurobindo Pharma Ltd (unit IX), Cirex Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Covalent Laboratories (P) Ltd, all in Gundlamachanoor, Hetero Labs Ltd and Divis Pharmaceuticals Ltd in Gaddapotharam, Aurobindo Pharma Ltd (unit-I) in Borapatla, Hetero Drugs Ltd (unit-1 and unit-4) in Bonthapalle, Krishna Pharmaceuticals Ltd in IDA (Uppal), Innogent Laboratories (P) Ltd in Nacharam, SMS Pharma Ltd in Bachupally and Hetero Drugs Ltd (Unit-III) in Jeedimetla. The closure notices, according to an official release, have been issued under the Water and Air Acts, \"in the interest of protecting public health and environment\".\"The 12 units involved had all been under the APPCB scanner for quite some time for flouting environmental norms. Earlier this year, therefore, these companies 'managed' a few officials from within the department to conduct a study on them and give them a clean chit. While the study did try to downplay the matter, the violations were too serious to be overlooked,\" said a highly-placed departmental source. Apart from over-production of drugs, these units have been found to be violating a Supreme Court order issued in 1998 restricting, within one kilometre radius of drinking and agricultural water sources, establishment/expansion of all bulk drug/pesticide/dye or polluting companies in Medak, Rangareddy, Mahbubnagar and Nalgonda.\"Also, these units were found using un-consented products and changing the product mix. This only further increased the pollution load,\" PCB officials revealed adding that \"the appellate authority actually wanted to allow such malpractices to continue and had even suggested that the units could change their mix after consultation with PCB. However, no such arrangement was acknowledged by the department.\"Over the next few weeks, sources speculate that more closure notices will be issued against big pharma companies in the city. \"Biggest names in the pharma industry are known to flout similar norms. But whether the PCB will be able to nail them is doubtful. Some of these companies have strong political clout,\" a senior PCB official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14862126", "title": "Bengal minister to appear in 'Muktodhara'", "text": "West Bengal higher education minister Bratya Basu is set to appear in a film on the real life story of a hardened jail convict turning into a reformed person drawing references from Rabindranath Tagore's \" Balmiki Pratibha\", a dance-drama.'Muktodhara', a film directed by Shiboprosad Mukherjee of block buster 'Ichhe' fame, drew inspiration from the Tagore dance-drama staged by inmates of the Presidency jail, including convict Nigel Okara, presented by dancer Alokananda Ray.The role of the minister, who is an established theare personality, would be that of the husband of a deaf and dumb girl whose mother fights for her rights as a legal wife.\" Muktodhara signifies freedom from bondage of all denominations be it the secluded life of a home-maker or the tortuous existence of a jailed convict,\" Shiboprasad told PTI at the website launch of the film.Shiboprasad praises Nigel's characterisation of Yusuf Mohammed, the reel life villain, saying he didn't ever look like a person appearing before the camera for the first time.\"In fact we thought about casting Nigel after seeing his performance in the lead role of \"Balmiki Protibha\" which was a delight.\" Leading actress Rituparna Sengupta , who played the role of Alokananda in the film, said she was a bit nervous on first hearing about her shot with Nigel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856667", "title": "Man arrested for setting wife afire", "text": "NAGPUR: Butibori police have arrested a 30-year-old man for his alleged role in setting wife ablaze in presence of three children at their residence at Jaipur Satgaon on June 22.Sukhram Patel, employed with a private company, reportedly flicked a lighted matchstick on wife Sunita after dousing her with kerosene following a domestic feud. Married in 2005, the couple had two daughters and a four-year-old son. The couple frequently quarrelled over drinking habits of Sukhram.An enraged Sukhram set Sunita on fire following heated arguments. Sukhram was under the influence of alcohol when the incident took place. Sunita was rushed to a hospital where she was declared dead. Butibori police had initially registered a case of accidental death but later charged Sukhram with murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14856996", "title": "Hearing on local body tax today", "text": "NASHIK: The hearing on the petitions filed by the MNS and the Shiv Sena in the Bombay high court against the decision of the state to introduce the local body tax (LBT) within the limits of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) from July 1 is to be held on Friday.The state has been accused of directly issuing a notification for the introduction of the LBT in NMC limits without taking the civic body into confidence. Agitated over the decision, leaders of all political parties had unanimously passed a resolution against the introduction of LBT and decided to continue with octroi. This resolution had been sent to the state government.Subsequently, MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani had filed a petition against the introduction of LBT in the HC on June 28. In its order on June 29, the HC stayed the state's decision of introducing LBT in NMC limits to July 13 and asked the state to submit its say in this connection to the HC at the next hearing on July 13.Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar also filed a petition in the Bombay HC on July 9 against LBT. The joint hearing on both the petitions filed by MNS and Shiv Sena will be held on Friday.Talking about the Sena's petition, Badgujar said, \"As per rules, any new tax system must be announced by February 20, before the commencement of the new financial year, and the municipal commissioner must announce publicly the new tax rates and get them passed at a special general body meeting. But, the state has not done anything.\"\"Moreover, the revenue collected through sales tax from Nashik district is around Rs 1,100 crore, including Rs 800 crore from Nashik city. Sales tax is collected in four slabs: 5%, 12%, 20% and 25%. At this rate, revenue of only Rs 299 crore will be collected through LBT within the limits of the NMC. The way the NMC administration is collecting octroi, it is expected to collect at least Rs 700 crore in the current financial year. The sudden introduction of LBT will affect the financial position of the NMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14859137", "title": "India\u2019s ultimate Mard goes out fighting", "text": "Inside the ring, he was the king. And in the movies , he always looked unbreakable. But on Thursday morning, wrestler-actor Dara Singh lost his first-ever bout, battling complications after last week's heart attack. He was 84.Long before WWF arrived on TV and much before the Great Khali was born, Singh was lord and master of the professional wrestling circuit for almost three decades. His heyday as a wrestler was in the 1950s and '60s, when a forthcoming Dara Singh bout against that incredible Hungarian hulk, King Kong \u2014 with brother Randhawa as added attraction - could hold an entire town in thrall. Like bards, loudspeakers sang his deeds of triumph. Adults and kids alike gaped at his Rustom-e-Hind posters on walls. Newspapers carried promos with photographs of Singh's ship-like topless upper torso. It didn't matter that some insisted the fights were rigged. Nobody popularized and glamorized wrestling like him.With every passing decade, the living legend of Dara Singh grew. His name became synonymous with strength: Apne aap ko Dara Singh samajhta hai kya? Kids gulped milk and eggs hoping to become like him one day. Long before he died, his amiable masculinity was already part of India's folklore.Smart Bollywood realised he could fill theatres too. King Kong, Samson, Faulad, Mard and dozens of other movies underlined his enduring popularity, especially with the underclass. In 1987, he re-introduced himself to a new audience playing Hanuman in the TV serial, Ramayan. As social scientist Shiv Visvanathan says, \"From wrestler to Hanuman to dada-ji in Jab We Met, Dara Singh created a complete cycle of representations.\"His celluloid roles were an extension of his real-life persona: the tough guy with a soft heart. The hardworking simpleton from Dharmuchak, a village near Amritsar, typified homemade goodness like the ghee he once endorsed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14857580", "title": "Hockey Maharashtra grants affiliation to NDUHA", "text": "NAGPUR: The hockey scenario in the city continues to be gloomy and if the latest developments are anything to go by, it will only get murkier. Vide its letter dated July 7, the Hockey Maharashtra has granted permanent affiliation to Nagpur District Unified Hockey Association (NDUHA) and have authorized it to manage the hockey activities in the Nagpur district. Vidarbha Hockey Association (VHA), however, is still firm on its stance to ban players participating in any 'unauthorized' tournaments.As soon as they got a go-ahead from the state body, the NDUHA wasted no time in announcing a club and a school league tournament which is be scheduled from September. \"This was expected,\" said Salim Baig, Secretary, NDUHA, adding, \"This was the sole body in the district which was unified as far as men's and women's hockey is concerned. We were asked to submit the papers to Narendra Batra earlier this year in January. When we put our papers, the HI decided to give us a provisional affiliation at first. After the general council meeting of Hockey Maharashtra on July 2, we got the permanent affiliation.\"VHA, which is affiliated to Indian Hockey Federation (IHF), is still unfazed with these developments happening. \"We will debar any player, club or school participating in any unauthorized tournament. It's given in our constitution. According to us, NDUHA is an unauthorized body and are not liable to conduct tournaments at district level. Whoever participating in tournaments organized by NDUHA, will first be given a showcause notice and then we'll take action,\" said Vinod Gavai, Secretary, VHA.NDUHA, however, begs to differ on VHA's 'rigid' stance. \"We (NDUHA) aren't that rigid. No such action will be taken on NDUHA teams or players participating in VHA-organized events. In fact, we want our players to participate in more and more tourneys. It'll only enhance their skills,\" said Baig.Baig also didn't shy away from having a pot shot at VHA's claims. \"I've seen their (VHA's) constitution. There's no clause regarding such banning of players mentioned in it. Also, IHF hasn't banned any players participating in HI's tournaments. So, how come VHA, which is affiliated to IHF, can ban players participating in our tournaments?\" he questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14856811", "title": "Maoist surrenders in Malkangiri district", "text": "KORAPUT: A Maoist cadre surrendered in Malkangiri district on Thursday. He is Deba Padiami (30). \"I joined the Maoists swayed by their ideology. But later found that the rebels do nothing for the development of tribals. Life in the forest is also very difficult. So I decided to return to the mainstream and lead a normal life,\" said Deba, soon after surrendering before SP (Malkangiri) Anirudh Singh.Deba of Chitrangpalli village within Kalimela police limits had joined the Motu dalam of the outlawed CPI (Maoist) three years ago and was mostly working as an overground element of the Red rebels apart from taking part in several Maoist offensives. He was trained in using arms and planting explosives.\"During interrogation he confessed to his involvement in blowing up the panchayat office at Manyamkonda and a school building at Malavaram. He has surrendered without arms and will be rehabilitated as per the state government scheme,\" the SP said. The surrender came a day after security personnel arrested three Maoists in Rayagada district on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857505", "title": "Rehabilitation centres under scanner", "text": "KOLKATA: The state-funded rehabilitation centre in Hooghly's Khajurdaha, where the decomposed body of a woman was dug out on Wednesday, was functioning without licence since April this year. This brings to light the state's casual approach about the way these centres function.On Thursday, state social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra said at a press conference at Writers' Buildings: \"We have cancelled the licence of the home today.\" But a press release handed out by the minister revealed that the licence had, in fact, expired on March 31 this year.Asked how the rehabilitation centre for the physically and mentally challenged could continue to function without licence for nearly three-and-a-half months, Mitra said, \"We asked them to renew the licence, but they did not respond.\" However, questions have already been raised on the effectiveness of government control over these homes. Licences are issued under the Women's and Children's Institutional (Licencing) Rules, 1958, and due to the \"serious violation of human rights of the home inmates\", the government decided not to renew the licence with retrospective effect, as per the order of the government.The inmates of the home - 46 at the short-stay home, 16 at the home for mentally challenged and 25 at a cottage home - would be shifted out according to availability of accommodation elsewhere. \"There are woman cops guarding the place and till all the inmates are shifted out, the district administration will arrang for their food,\" Mitra said.There are 30 state-run homes in the state, out of which two are defunct at present. There is capacity to provide shelter to 2,375 inmates, but currently about 1,000 inmates stay in these homes. Also, there are nearly 10,000 inmates living in 114 homes run by private organizations, which receive state and Central government funds and are provided with licences by the state government. However, questions are being raised on how the state holds visits to these homes and whether visits are held regularly at all.According to Mitra, visits are held from time to time. She said she had called all NGO representatives who run such homes throughout the state on July 27 at Writers' Buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14858873", "title": "Palasia crossing- A nightmare for motorists", "text": "INDORE: Long queue of vehicles leading to jams, no traffic policeman to regulate traffic and continuous honking of horns by agitated motorists, apart from the unplanned construction of roads is a hallmark of Palasia crossing.One of the most important traffic junctions in the city that has a high traffic pressure, ask Indoreans, most would say that would like to avoid the road given an alternative. Traffic along the crossing moves at a snails pace and jams are common during the peak hours in the morning and evening.Every day around 4.5 lakh vehicles pass through Palasia crossing, a majority of them during the evening hours. Official data suggest that about 1.5 lakh vehicles, mostly private and public transport vehicles like star buses, auto, Tata magic passed through this crossing between 3pm and 9 pm.However, to manage such a large number of vehicles, the traffic department hardly has any special arrangement. \"Finding a traffic cop on the crossing can be like a treasure hunt at times,\" said Pradeep Shrivastava, a bank employee who passes through the crossing daily. The cops posted on duty here hide themselves in a corner of the road knowing that they cannot handle such large traffic inflow, he alleged.The traffic police department claimed that traffic cops are posted all the time at the Palasia crossing and the traffic signals are also in place. The traffic signals gets de-linked after 11 pm when there is no vehicular pressure, they said but failed to explain why traffic jams occur at the crossing regularly.Adding to traffic congestion is faulty construction of road that is two lane from MG road which converges into a single lane by the time reaches Palasia obstructing traffic movement. Two concrete platforms constructed above the road level hinder traffic movement. When it was pointed out, the IDA officials said that the work is under progress and everything will be levelled soon.Condition of Guitarwala Square is no better. Dug up road and debris piled up along the road side adds to traffic congestion. This particular crossing is a major route for the city buses and Tata Magic vehicles and in the absence of a proper bus stop people are forced to wait for the public transport on the road risking their life. Public transport vehicles also stop at the crossing obstructing the movement of vehicles.Pankaj Shrivastav, resident of Saket said that the condition of road at this crossing is permanently bad and during monsoon it becomes worst due to water logging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14858013", "title": "Hubble spots Pluto's 5th &amp; tiniest moon", "text": "WASHINGTON: US astronomers using the Hubble Space Telescope have discovered a fifth and tiniest moon yet orbiting the icy planet Pluto .The mini-moon is estimated to be irregular in shape and between 10 km and 25 km across. It is visible as a speck of light in Hubble images, Nasa said.It provisionally named S/2012 (134340) 1 untill it gets a proper name, could help reveal more on how the Pluto system came into existence.The team is intrigued that such a small planet can have such a complex collection of satellites. According to theory, all of Pluto's moons are relics of a collision between the planet and another large icy object billions of years ago.\"The moons form a series of neatly nested orbits, a bit like Russian dolls,\" said Mark Showalter from the Seti Institute in Mountain View, the leader of the team that discovered the new moon.Pluto's largest moon, Charon, which is about 1,000 kilometres across, was discovered in 1978. Hubble observations in 2006 uncovered two additional small moons, Nix and Hydra.\"The inventory of the Pluto system we're taking now with Hubble will help the New Horizons team design a safer trajectory for the spacecraft,\" added Alan Stern of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, the mission's principal investigator.Last year Hubble had discovered another moon revolving around Pluto. A NASA spacecraft named New Horizons is currently en-route to Pluto and will arrive there in 2015.New Horizons will return the first ever detailed images of the Pluto system, which is so small and distant that even Hubble can barely see the largest features on its surface.Pluto was discovered by American Scientist Clyde Tombaugh in 1930. It was regarded as the ninth full-fledged planet in the Solar System but astronomers have since demoted it to a dwarf planet in 2006.Pluto was declassified as a planet due to a recognition that it is one of several large, icy objects that reside in the Kuiper Belt, a region just beyond the orbit of Neptune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "14858074", "title": "Tension in Tirunelveli engineering college", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Tension prevailed in a private engineering college at Munneerpallam near Tirunelveli as students held a demonstration after some of their class mates were attacked while protesting against the higher fees being collected in the college.Students of the PSN College at Munneerpallam were on a sit-in strike on the campus from Tuesday, complaining about the higher fees collected by the management against the amount fixed by the government. The scene turned ugly on Thursday as six of the students were allegedly attacked by unidentified persons led by the college faculty. Students claimed that the six students were attacked by the college management after peace talks on Wednesday turned in favour of the students as the college management had to agree on collecting the government stipulated fees. Under these circumstances, Ajay Kumar, Arumugan and four others, who were at the forefront of the strike, were attacked by some unidentified persons on Thursday morning. Students claimed that the college physical education director led the gang that attacked them. All six students were admitted in the Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital at Palayamkottai.Meanwhile, a large number of students held siege of the Tirunelveli district collectorate on Thursday and submitted a petition to the district administration demanding action against the college management. Addressing media persons in the collectorate campus, students said that the PSN Engineering College was collecting Rs 40,000 above the government stipulated fee for engineering studies and when they questioned the higher fees, they were attacked. \"We are demanding action against the college for collecting more fees and attacking students. The government should also transfer us from this college to a different one as we fear more attacks from the college management. If the district administration does not taking any action against the college management, we will hold siege of the Anna University of Technology branch in Tirunelveli and also sit on a hunger strike,\" student representatives said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857464", "title": "Ranchi University lok adalat a success: Governor", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed has hailed the success of the lok adalat constituted by the Ranchi University authorities for dispensing pending cases.\"The lok adalat of the university that was started on May 13 this year has been a success and solved many cases which were pending for more than 10 years. Till date, 280 cases have been solved, and through this court Rs 7 crore has been paid to the victims of various cases\" the governor, who is the chancellor of the varsity, said at the 52nd foundation day celebrations of the institution on Thursday.While the university was celebrating the foundation day, various student unions were seen opposing the programme. Prassana, the state president of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), said, \"This programme is only an eyewash. The ranking given to the university is also false. If the time and money these people wasted on the programme was spent on education and students welfare, the university would have been in a much better condition.\" When the programme was about to end, a scuffle between a few members of the ABVP, who were not allowed inside, and the university authorities broke out.Harish, a member of the All Jharkhand Studetnts' Association, said, \"It is a programme for the students and it was really indecent on the part of university not to allow the members of the student unions in the programme.\"Earlier, the senate members also created a scene as the governor arrived claiming that even though they were the apex body member of the university they were not invited. The senate members met the governor and submitted him a memorandum.However, the mood at the venue of the celebrations was joyful and students dressed colorfully for the occasion applauded hard as the governor spoke about the achievements and new schemes by the government for promoting meritorious students of the university. \"The science, arts and commerce toppers of the university will be rewarded with Rs 50,000 cash and the students of Scheduled Caste will also be rewarded separately,\" said Ahmed.Explaining about the steps taken to curb the problems in university, Ahmed said, \"A committee has been constituted to deal with the problem of shortage of teachers in rural areas. Another committee has been made to deal with the problem of salary determination of third and fourth grade employees .\"Amid the applauses, Ranchi University vice-chancellor (VC) LN Bhagat said, \"The university has come a long way since 1960 and we will try our best and work as a team to the university among top 10 universities of the country.\" A huge crowd of students that had gathered at Aryabhat Auditorium in Morhabadi cheered as the programme kicked off with ghazal performance by the students of Ranchi Women's College followed by presentation of classical dance by the students of Nirmala College. A special 'Lavani' dance performance by the students of Narmada College added the flavour of Maharashtra in the programme .Manisha, a student of history honours at Nirmala College, said, \"This is the best programme of RU I have ever witnessed. The auditorium looks so bright and cheerful and the performances are simply wonderful. It is difficult to pick out one favourite performance among all.\"The students of journalism and mass communication department presented their hard work in form of a video news bulletin. The students screamed for more as the dances like paika, chhau and local tribal dance added a local touch to the function.While the university was celebrating the foundation day, various student unions were seen opposing the programme. Prassana, the state president of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), said, \"This programme is only an eyewash. The ranking given to the university is also false. If the time and money these people wasted on the programme was spent on education and students welfare, the university would have been in a much better condition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858294", "title": "Govt buses run amok, 1 dead, 17 hurt", "text": "CHENNAI: State-owned transport buses continued with their recent killing spree, knocking down a man on the outskirts of the city on Thursday and injuring 17 people in two accidents within 13 hours.A State Express Transport Corporation (SETC) hit a 25-year-old man on a scooter and dragged him for nearly 25 feet on an over-bridge at Irumbuliyur around 1pm on Thursday. Police said the man has not yet been identified.Another SETC bus, heading from Tirupattur to Chennai, rammed a sand-laden lorry, leaving 16 passengers and the driver injured after midnight on Wednesday on the Chennai-Bangalore Highway in Kancheepuram.The accidents were the latest in a series of accidents involving state-run buses in the city and across the state.St Thomas Mount traffic police are investigating the accident and are trying to establish the identity of the victim whose scooter has a Salem registration plate. The man was heading to Chengalpattu when the bus hit him. \"He appears to have died on the spot,\" a police officer said. The SETC bus from the Villupuram division of the corporation was heading from Tambaram to Kancheepuram. Police arrested the bus driver, Sasikumar, 45, and charged him with rash driving.In the second incident, an SETC bus speeding on the Chennai-Bangalore highway hit a lorry carrying a load of sand when the bus driver tried to overtake the other vehicle.There have been several accidents on the stretch between Irumbuliyur and Peerkankaranai this year, leaving six people dead. Most accidents occur on the over-bridge as drivers are caught unawares when it suddenly narrows and then branches out in two directions.The corporation said it is doing everything it can to prevent accidents. \"We offer safety programmes to drivers. Trainers show them visuals and films of accidents and teach them how to avoid mishaps,\" SETC managing director S Mani said.The corporation penalizes drivers involved in fatal accidents and suspends them for a month. State-run buses in Tamil Nadu cause more deaths than other state government transport services. Data from the National Crime Records Bureau shows that SETC buses were involved in accidents that claimed the lives of 1,317 people in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856340", "title": "Unadvertized public appointments illegal", "text": "KOCHI: Public employment, whether permanent or temporary, should be advertized in newspapers to enable eligible applicants to compete for the post and failing to do so is violation of fundamental rights, the Kerala high court has ruled. Justice S Siri Jagan clarified that appointments made without advertizing in newspapers are illegal, while considering a petition by P Manoharan of Kannur regarding regularization of his appointment as a temporary driver at Kannur district panchayat office.In the petition filed by advocate N Sugathan, Manoharan had contended that his appointment was against a post sanctioned in 1997 and that he had been working in the post for the past 14 years. Manoharan approached the high court after a recommendation by the panchayat to the state government for regularisation of his post was rejected, stating that the job opening was already reported to Kerala Public Service Commission.Noticing that no notification inviting applications for the post was published in any newspaper before appointing Manoharan as a temporary driver, the court held that employment under district panchayat, temporary or permanent, is a public employment and appointment without notification is illegal.So many unemployed persons are awaiting consideration for appointments to similar posts. Therefore, appointment, either temporary or permanent, could have been made by the district panchayat only after conducting a selection process after publishing a notification inviting applications at least in one newspaper so as to enable others who are also entitled to compete for the post to apply, the court held.Appointment of the petitioner without notification violates the fundamental rights of those who are entitled to compete for the said post, under Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution, the court ruled. Article 14 stipulates equality before law and Article 16 calls for equality of opportunity in matters of public employment.The court also held that the petitioner is not entitled to regularization.Mere fact that others similarly placed were regularized is no reason to allow perpetuation of such illegality, the court noted.Public employment, whether permanent or temporary, should be advertised in newspapers to enable eligible applicants to compete for the post and failing to do so is violation of fundamental rights, the Kerala High Court has ruled.Justice S Siri Jagan clarified that appointments made without advertising in newspapers are illegal while considering a petition by P Manoharan of Kannur regarding regularisation of his appointment as a temporary driver at Kannur district panchayat office.In the petition filed by advocate N Sugathan, Manoharan had contended that his appointment was against a post sanctioned in 1997 and that he had been working in the post for the past 14 years. Manoharan approached the high court after a recommendation by the panchayat to the state government for regularisation of his post was rejected, stating that the job opening was already reported to Kerala Public Service Commission.Noticing that no notification inviting applications for the post was published in any newspaper before appointing Manoharan as a temporary driver, the court held that employment under district panchayat, temporary or permanent, is a public employment and appointment without notification is illegal.So many unemployed persons are awaiting consideration for appointments in similar posts. Therefore, appointment either temporary or permanent could have been made by the district panchayat only after conducting a selection process by publishing a notification inviting applications at least in one newspaper so as to enable others who are also entitled to compete for the post to apply, the court held.Appointment of the petitioner without notification violates the fundamental rights of those who are entitled to compete for the said post, under Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution, the court ruled. Article 14 stipulates equality before law and Article 16 calls for equality of opportunity in matters of public employment.The court also held that the petitioner is not entitled to regularisation of the illegal appointment so made. Mere fact that others similarly placed were regularised is no reason to allow perpetuation of such illegality, the court noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14857270", "title": "Environment clearances easier after Natarajan assumed office: Jaiswal", "text": "NAGPUR: Union minister of coal Sriprakash Jaiswal said here on Thursday that getting clearances from the environment ministry had become a lot easier in the last year or so after Jayanti Natarajan had taken over office. Before Natarajan, Jairam Ramesh was the minister for environment and forests and he was known for being very strict and had apparently held up clearances to several mining projects.Jaiswal, who is here on a review visit of Western Coalfields Limited (WCL), admitted that during the last 12 months Coal India Limited (CIL) has got faster environmental and forest clearances as compared to the year before. However, he insisted that it does not have any link with Ramesh's tenure in the MOEF.\"I do not link the change with any specific individual, but compared to the year earlier, CIL has indeed got several projects cleared from MOEF. There was a little problem related to pollution issues too. However, this can be only attributed to the government's policy in general and not a particular minister,\" said Jaiswal while addressing the media at the WCL office.At the same time, Jaiswal appeared to be rather defensive towards private players who have been allotted coal blocks, against which the CAG has raised objections. The CAG said the blocks should have been auctioned and not directly allotted. The minister also pointed out cases in Vidarbha where the original allottees have pocketed hefty profits on selling to a third party the entire stake in the firm which was allotted the block.Jaiswal, however, felt that nothing much can be done \"if the deals have taken place within the framework of the law'. \"At the same time, any allottee found violating the law will not be spared. A CBI inquiry is already under way into this,\" he said.So far notices have been issued to 58 allottees. Some earlier allotments, where mining has not begun within a reasonable time, have been cancelled too. There have been cases where firms having been allotted mines have not started operations yet. \"However, the reasons for delay have to be considered too. Cases of firms not able to begin mining due to genuine problems like want of environment clearances or hurdles in land acquisition will be given due consideration,\" said Jaiswal.Lashing out at the CAG theory of having auctions rather than direct allotment, Jaiswal said that since 1993 governments have been stressing on involving private players in coal mining so as to augment the production and reduce dependence on imports. \"Since then only a policy of allotment of blocks is being predominantly followed,\" said the minister.On WCL's production, he said that the company is facing several adversities. \"The production is expected to be hit due to want of permission to operate in an area where the ministry of defence has laid a pipeline that brings water from Wardha to the Ordnance Factory in Chandrapur,\" he said.Similarly, the upper limit to extract from Mungoli mines in Yavatmal has been halved under the river regulatory zone norms of MPCB. The coal ministry plans to take up the issue with the MOEF.Jaiswal added that there is a little scope for WCL to expand due to problems related to land acquisition. \"So we may allow it to operate in states presently not within its ambit. This will lead to an effective use of the large workforce at its disposal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857171", "title": "Tech glitch delays Central Railway services", "text": "MUMBAI: Services on both the Harbour and Main lines of Central Railway (CR) were disrupted in two separate incidents on Thursday.Harbour line services were affected for over 30 minutes due to a rail fracture near Reay Road station in the evening. The fracture was reported on the Panvel-bound tracks at 8.30pm and repaired by 9.07pm.Two trains on the route were held up near the spot where the fracture was located. Trains ran late by 40-45 minutes and speed restrictions were also imposed.Earlier in the day, there was trouble on the Main line as trains ran late by 25-30 minutes due to a technical fault in the signalling system linked to the level-crossing gate at Diva. A CR spokesperson said: \"The gate was closed, but the signal on the tracks was not showing the green light. Trains came to a halt in the section as the signal was red.\"The snag lasted from 10.55am to 11.25am. As a result, services were delayed and trains had to be \"bunched\". While the problem was being addressed, stations on the route got crowded as trains were reaching them late. The CR spokesperson said they did not cancel any service.On Wednesday, too, services were disrupted twice due to incidents of engine failure. The first incident occurred between Badlapur and Ambernath after a goods train came to a halt for two hours from 4.10am.The second incident took place when a Mumbai-Bijapur train was forced to halt for 30 minutes from 7am at Kalyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857115", "title": "FIR against 8 for stealing truck at gunpoint", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against eight unidentified armed robbers who had held a truck driver hostage at gunpoint, left him in Rajasthan and fled with the vehicle, on Wednesday night.The incident took place near the Bilaspur Chowk on NH 8. One Rajkumar, resident of Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan lodged a complaint on Thursday, with the Bilaspur police about the robbery of the truck that he was driving. In his complaint he told the police that he was going from Gurgaon towards Rajasthan and when he reached the Bilaspur chowk, eight assailants entered the vehicle forcefully. They held him hostage at gunpoint and pushed him to the back of the cabin. They tied him with ropes, while one of them drove the truck.\"The robbers threw me from the truck near Siwasan in Rajasthan and fled with it. The commuters helped me to free myself and then I reached the nearest police station of Rajasthan. There, they asked me to meet the Bilaspur police,\" said Rajkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14856336", "title": "Junior footballer killed in mishap", "text": "THRISSUR: A state junior-level footballer was among three killed when a speeding bus smashed their car at Kecheri near here on Thursday morning. Two others were seriously injured in the accident which occurred around 6.15 am.Police identified the deceased as Kuttan aka Suneesh (23), Shaji (22) and Riyas (22) Shaji was a member of the state's junior football team and a final year BCA student of Pookkattiri Safa College. The injured, Shemeer (22) and Isahaq (21), have been admitted to the West Fort Hi-Tech Hospital, Thrissur.All five were residents of Valanchery in Malappuram. They were returning home from Ernakulam after purchasing jerseys when the mishap happened, police said.\"A speeding private bus, heading from Guruvayur to Thrissur, hit the car. It was a difficult task to remove the injured from the damaged car. The bus also hit a compound wall nearby,\" the Kunnamkulam police said.Police said those in the car were all members of a gym. \"They left Valanchery on Wednesday evening for Ernakulam to buy football jersey for a local club in which Shaji was a member. It is assumed they left Ernakulam early on Thursday,\" said police.Post mortem of bodies were conducted at Kunnamkulam Taluk Hospital and Thrissur Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858128", "title": "Bulandshahr ward boy suspended, CMS removed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three days after ward boy Ayub was caught on camera applying stitches on a patient at Bulandshahr government hospital, state health minister Ahmed Hasan ordered his suspension. Hasan also directed removal of the chief medical superintendent Dr Shishir Kumar. In protest against the orders, doctors and staff at the Bulandshahr hospital went on a strike. The agitators maintain that both Ayub and Dr Kumar were innocent and simply trying to save the life of a patient. The employees and doctors also blamed media persons for all the trouble and clashed with them.\"The action has been initiated on the recommendation of the director general family welfare Dr Chiraungi Lal. We want to assure people that a lot of improvement has taken place in health services. Best medicines would be provided and corrupt and incapable doctors will be terminated,\" Hasan told reporters. The department is however yet to act in case of similar stances that came to light from Ballia, Kushinagar and Meerut districts. In Ballia, a sweeper was dressing a patient, while in Meerut, sweepers were reportedly conducting the autopsy of an accident victim.The CMS at Bulandshahr had defended his cleaner stating that the man was trained for the job. He also said that Ayub was working under his supervision. Meanwhile, the strike in Bulandshahr reportedly led to the death of a patient. Attendants of a 40-year-old Kunwar Pal alleged that the man died because the doctors didn't attend to him. \"He was suffering from typhoid and his condition deteriorated in the morning. So, we took him to hospital today, but the doctors did not provide him treatment, leading to his death,\" alleged his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856643", "title": "Lecturers may also be involved in new scam: Nagpur University members", "text": "NAGPUR: Engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar has accused the Nagpur University administration of trying to hush up the revaluation/retotalling scam, which came to fore last week, just like what it did during the BCCA paper leak case. He claimed that neither vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal nor Controller of Examinations (COE) had informed him about the scam that was unearthed in his faculty.\"During the BCCA paper leak, the commerce dean was made a member in various fact-finding panels. But here, I am not even informed and only reading the happenings through your newspaper,\" he said. TOI first published it on July 8.Terming the happenings as \"serious\", Kshirsagar reiterated his demand that a police complaint be lodged immediately. He didn't rule out the possibility of the involvement of lecturers as well as other NU exam section officials. Anonymous letters had alleged that assistant registrar (revaluation) Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa was the key person in the scam.The other members of Board of Examinations (BoE) as well as Management Council also felt that lecturers could be involved. Even in the Kohchade marksheet scam of 1999, many lecturers were involved and they were punished by the special court constituted by the Maharashtra government.The modus operandi in both the scams was more or less the same. Yadav Kohchade, who too was an assistant registrar, used to fraudulently increased marks in Tabulation Register (TR) of specific roll numbers with the help of lecturers. Thousands of engineering students had gained from this move. 13 years have passed and cases are still being heard in the court.Chunodkar-Handa had slightly changed her modus operandi. She used to increase marks in re-totalling/revaluation with the help of a set of lecturers who she specifically appointed even though they were not on the recommended list given by dean.Tribunal shuts door on Chunodkar-HandaSandhya Chunodkar-Handa, the NU assistant registrar (revaluation), was reportedly shown door by University Tribunal to which she was shunted out. The tribunal authorities refused her entry claiming that they deal with sensitive matters. Later, she again went to Controller of Examinations (COE) Siddharth Kane who then made efforts to transfer her to NU's Academic Section, sources disclosed. \"She joined on Thursday only,\" deputy registrar AR Bhagat, who is in-charge of Academic Section, confirmed to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857379", "title": "Forward Contract Regulation Act talks on hold after railway minister plea", "text": "KOLKATA: They had crossed swords over presidential poll, but a day ahead of the UPA meeting on vice-president election, both the Congress and the Trinamool Congress seem to have softened their stances. On Thursday, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh \"kept the discussion on reforms in forward trading on hold for the time being\" because railway minister Mukul Roy - now in north Bengal - could not make it to the Union Cabinet meeting.Earlier in the day, the railway minister called the Prime Minister on Thursday and urged him to discuss the Forward Contract Regulation Act (Amendment) Bill on a later date. The PM postponed the Cabinet discussion on this issue to honour the railway minister's request.A few days ago, the railway minister, after being prodded by chief minister Mamata Banerjee , wrote a detailed note to the PMO explaining why Trinamool opposed the Bill that would \"lead to further price rise\". Mukul Roy didn't convey his note of dissent because he could not make it to the Cabinet meeting.But the PM's step is not enough to satisfy Mamata, who wants the bill scrapped when the discussion on it has been deferred for the time being. She fears that the Congress-led government would go on an overdrive and push through the proposed reforms in forward trading and FDI entry in multi-brand retail. The chief minister is also apprehensive of a revision in petroleum prices (including diesel prices) that chief economic advisor to the Centre Kaushik Basu had mentioned during his visit to Kolkata.The Centre wants the bill on forward trading to give more powers to commodity markets regulator as part of the reform process. The bill, introduced in the Lok Sabha in December 2010 and referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee, would be taken up by the Cabinet sometime later, following the Trinamool's objections.There are five national and 16 regional commodity bourses in the country with an annual turnover of Rs 181.26 lakh crore during the 2011-12 fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857400", "title": "Mukul Roy to propose Gopalkrishna Gandhi's name for vice-presidential poll", "text": "KOLKATA: Once bitten, twice shy. Mamata Banerjee did not repeat the mistake she did with APJ Abdul Kalam \u2014 float his name for the President's post without consulting him. The Trinamool Congress chief took care this time to sound out Gopalkrishna Gandhi, former Bengal governor, before proposing his name for the vice-presidential poll while Hamid Ansari's name is doing the rounds in Delhi.It is another matter whether Trinamool national general secretary Mukul Roy will be able to convince the UPA to back Gandhi at its July 14 meeting. But the fact is that Mamata is averse to Congress's taking CPM help to prop up the President and Vice-President candidates.Gandhi isn't opening up though. \"I will not comment,\" he said from his Chennai residence on Thursday when asked about his opinion on Mamata's proposal.Trinamool leaders insisted that the CM has personally spoken to Gandhi before she made up her mind. Mamata hopes that the former governor won't turn down her proposal. Mamata incidentally had also cited Gandhi, apart from Kalam and Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar , as her choices for the presidential poll before she named Kalam, Somnath Chaterjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh alongside Mulayam after their June 15 meeting. The events that unfolded after left Mamata cornered over her deepening her wedge with Congress. Mamata is yet to spell out her strategy on presidential poll.Kalam, while stepping aside from the fray, did say that he never aspired to become the President for the second term. \"TMC Chief Mamata Banerjee, other political parties wanted me to be their candidate...This being their wish, I respect it. I want to thank them for the trust they have in me.\"In Gandhi, however, Mamata has always found a person who stood beside her in hours of crisis. Mamata's proximity to him started during his tenure as the Bengal governor from 2004-09.\"The Prime Minister spoke to Mamata Banerjee over phone,\" said Kunal Ghosh, Trinamool's Rajya Sabha member, adding, \"It will be after a long gap that Trinamool will be attending the UPA meeting, which is a significant development,\" he said. Ghosh, however, said Trinamool has not taken any decision on its stand on the presidential and the vice-presidential elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857489", "title": "Drinking water: PCB plays it safe", "text": "HYDERABAD: This could well be the litmus test for the quality of drinking water supplied to city households. The AP Pollution Control Board (APPCB), alsothe watchdog for safe drinking water, itself buys packaged water for its office. And, considering that the board spends thousands of rupees every month on packaged drinking water, it even tests samples of various brands before zeroing in on its preferred bottled water. Incidentally, APPCB does not even have a drinking water connection.A recent RTI query has revealed that the APPCB office, situated in Sanathnagar, has over the years been solely reliant on packaged water to meet its needs.In its reply to an RTI query filed by a city-based activist, APPCB stated that it had spent about Rs 2 lakh over the last year-and-a-half on packaged drinking water. It would come as no surprise that to quench the thirst of the board officials and staff, money from the boards allotted budget is being utilized.This has been the practice from in 2004 when APPCB shifted to its present Sanathnagar address.The average monthly expenditure for these purchases ranges between Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000. The details of purchase this year states that in May Rs 14,345, in April Rs 12,049, in March Rs 13,325, in February Rs 10,716 and in January Rs 10,518 was spent on water. The board in its reply has also stated that the mineral water from a particular provider was chosen only after the water sample was tested in its laboratory.The RTI applicant, P Ramakrishna said: \"The administration asks citizens to drink Manjeera water but when it comes to their needs, most government offices use packaged drinking water. This RTI response is quite shocking and raises doubts about the drinking water supplied to us. The officials at the helm of affairs do not seem to be too confident about it.\"He added: \"Most importantly, APPCB should understand that the money spent on packaged water is the taxpayer's money and that they are answerable for how it is used.\"According to APPCB sources, their office is not bothered to apply for a drinking water line and it was turning out to be an expensive affair.However, upon being queried, APPCB officials said that they were working towards alternative drinking water solutions. S Geetha, administrative officer of the board said: \"Recently, we have started working on a proposal to store and purify borewell water. Once that gets finalized we will get the equipment needed for the filtration process.\"However, another APPCB official felt that this was a proposal not likely to be implemented. \"Why would higher officials even want to drink filtered borewell water? They will any day prefer packaged drinking water and nothing less than that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14857282", "title": "Research integral part of medical edcation, feel experts", "text": "WARDHA: Research as an important aspect of education has been often discussed among Indian academicians, but extra efforts are needed to take it forward. However, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and some senior doctors have been taking efforts to popularize research for the last many years.This fact was highlighted at a unique conference called Medicon, hosted by Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Sevagram, to inform undergraduate medical students about the research avenues and opportunities. The event had participants not just from across the nation but also from countries like Indonesia, West Indies and Oman.\"Knowledge is expanding at an immense pace, but the curriculum of medicine has failed to keep up with it. Since not much can be done about the courseware, we thought of supplementing it as well as we could,\" said vice president of Moving Academy of Medicine and Biomedicine, Padmashree Dr MG Deo, in 2001. The academy started conducting mobile workshops for students on topics that were not in the syllabus. It was interaction with students of this academy that made Deo realize that at least five per cent of students wish to acquire more knowledge and take it to another level. This led to regular conferences that eventually evolved as the annual Medicon.ICMR has also contributed in taking research forward, especially through an initiative called Short Term Studentship (STS). \"This is an ICMR funded research activity for undergraduate medical students being run for more than 33 years. Earlier, only a couple of hundred entries came in from the whole country. Now, we get a few thousands every year,\" informed Roly Mathur, scientist at ICMR.According to Mathur, lack of focus or scope for research in medical education in India makes it difficult for the post graduate students to work on their thesis. \"Research helps students develop an analytical approach, improving their thought process. Those who have taken part in the programme have only good words to say for it,\" said Mathur.Well-known medical activist, Dr Abhay Bang, who introduced students to his concept of research with people, told them about the importance of people's involvement in the work they do. Agreed Dr Lalit Dandona from Public Health Foundation of India, who is also a distinguished researcher himself, \"Students need to understand that factors like disease distribution and disease burden help mark out the priorities of the health care system. Applied research, which has a direct impact on people, is more important than lab research. This makes engagement of community in research significant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14859148", "title": "At the mercy of autos", "text": "Bridging the gap between the rulers and the ruled or the public and decision makers is at the heart of building a responsive and responsible civil society. In a campaign that takes this idea forward, every Friday the Times of India will run a series where senior officials of the district administration will confront the myriad problems facing the city and its citizens, be it the threat of garbage, pollution or traffic woes.To experience firsthand the threat posed by auto drivers and autorickshaws - an essential public utility and the lifeline of the growing metropolis - who tamper meters regularly and are not averse to physically assaulting passengers who dare to protest, City Police Commissioner M R Ajith Kumar travelled with ToI reporter Ajay Kanth to the city's main autorickshaw stands incognito. Here's how the drama unfolded... Wednesday, 5.30 pm. The eastern gate of the city south railway station (Ernakulam Jn) The commissioner approaches an autorickshaw parked last in the row.AK: Will you come for a trip?Driver: Where do you want to go?AK: Just nearby.Driver: Where to? Be more specific.AK: Near the Pollution Control Board office. Just over half a kilometre from here. How much will it cost?Driver: Rs 20.AK: Will you switch on the meter?Driver: No meter. If you want to go, it will cost Rs 20.He agrees and board the auto, but ask the driver to switch the meter on. The driver explains that they cannot afford to operate an autorickshaw for the minimum charge fixed by the administration due to the rising petrol cost. But when pointed out that it is being run on diesel, the driver laughs and claims that the cost of maintenance is too high and an additional eight to ten rupees more is all right to demand from passengers. As the auto reaches the PCB office, he asks the driver to drop him further ahead. The driver agrees, but does not charge extra.The commissioner then flags down an auto for a trip to the KSRTC bus stand. \"I can drop you at the end of the road from where you need to walk about 100 metres to the stand,\" says the driver. But the commissioner insists that he be dropped at the station. The driver agrees for Rs 30, and puts on the meter. We pay Rs 30 when the meter reads only Rs 21. The auto, meanwhile, was running on LPG.Finally, for the last leg of the journey, we took an auto from the KSRTC stand to Revenue Towers. We ask about the efficiency of policing in the city and if policemen took bribes from drivers . \"The policemen trouble us at times. But harassment by police have come down,\" the driver said. This time too we shell out Rs 30 for an actual Rs 18 ride.Commissioner's feedbackDrivers are reluctant to put on meters. They demand an additional Rs 10 to Rs 12 for every trip. Sometimes, they don't come for on short trips. Above all, there are criminals among auto drivers who are trouble-makers and a lot of people from outside the district are operating autos in the city.What next?Ameeting will be convened with the authorities concerned to enforce the use of fare metres in autos. The meeting will also discuss the possibility of fixing a revised fare. More police personnel will be deployed to conduct surprise checks. The city police will take immediate steps to provide identity cards to all auto drivers in the city after checking the antecedents of each. The identity card will be displayed on the back side of the driver's seat. The police will be swift in reacting to complaints filed by passengers against auto drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14857471", "title": "Salaries of block education officers put on hold", "text": "GUMLA: The district superintendent of education (DSE) has put on hold the salaries of all block education officers (BEOS) for dereliction of duty in Gumla. The erring officials from the district's 13 education circles failed to submit attendance report on seven occasions. Ultimately DSE Arjun Prasad stopped payment of their salary till further orders.All BEOs of the district, presently 12 in number, failed to submit complete reports of review meetings on issues like mid-day meal (MDM) scheme, tour dairy, supervising village education committees (VECs) and school management committees (SMCs), civil construction work, sanctioned posts of teachers and existing strength and report with regard to the private schools being run within their jurisdiction in both soft and hard copies, said the DSE.Negligence towards official work despite repeated reminders in the last few meetings led to this decision. \"Why should they be paid when they are failing to perform their job,\" said Prasad.A review meeting had been called on July 9, said deputy DSE Devendra Pay. The BEOs could not submit report on seven issues at the meeting despite six months having passed since they joined duty in January, he added. On July 10, Prasad decided to stop paymenrt of their salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858327", "title": "66 police sub-inspectors get transferred", "text": "PANAJI: In an order issued on Thursday, the police establishment board transferred 66 police sub-inspectors (PSI) from around the state in public interest. From among them, what has raised eyebrows is the transfer of two PSIs from Ponda police station, who have never reported for duty at that station.Five PSIs from Ponda police station, four PSIs from Maina-Curtorim and Porvorim police stations and three PSIs from Calangute, Margao and Panaji have been transferred. Two PSIs from Anjuna, Bicholim, Canacona, Colva, Cuncolim, Curchorem, Mapusa, Old Goa, Pernem, Quepem, Valpoi, Vasco, Verna and SPCR, Panaji, and traffic cell, Panaji, have also been transferred.Four PSIs from various CID centres in the state have also received transfer orders. A PSI each from Agasaim, Collem and Mormugao are also among those transferred.PSIs Sherif Joseph Jaques and Therron Sunny D'Costa have been transferred to Vasco railway police station and traffic cell Vasco, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14858438", "title": "Tirupur farmer brings date to hosiery hub", "text": "CHENNAI: From Tirupur, known globally for its hosiery products, comes K G Murugavel. The poor farmer claims the 'Barhi' dates, grown by him on his farm near Vanjipalayam would make the district even bigger in terms of economy. Murugavel, who claims he was appreciated for his hard work of four years by former President APJ Abdul Kalam, says his success is a good model for agriculturists in the region to follow.Most of the Barhi dates, which have nutritional and medicinal value, in the country are imported from the US and Arab countries for high price. A small portion is cultivated in Gujarat and Rajasthan. \"I began cultivation in February 2009 on about two acres of land. I bought about 190 saplings from Gujarat at 3,500 each. The results were there in just 28 months, a record,\" said Murugavel claiming that normally it takes about five years to see results. He said the district collector encouraged him and also asked him to create awareness among others. Murugavel said at present each tree can fetch about 200kg of fresh dates a year and that one could earn about 10 lakh from one acre.Chennai Fruits' Dealer Association secretary S Srinivasan said that at present the dates were sold at 1,000 per kg. \"At present almost all of them are imported from US, Australia and Gulf countries,\" he said. He said even though there is a good market for this fresh product, irregular supply hits the business. According to him Barhi dates, originally from Iraq and nicknamed 'honey balls' for their roundness and sweet taste, are in high demand in Europe, Canada , Malaysia , US and in India.A senior official from the horticulture department suggested that since the saplings were costly the state government can purchase them in bulk and give them at subsidized rates to farmers. He said each sapling could cost about 3,000.\"Date cultivation requires a lot of patience as trees come to mature point only after five years. But it's worth the wait as, unlike the local variety, the taste of 'Barhi' is uniformly sweet, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "14859233", "title": "When he 'floored' King Kong", "text": "SONIPAT: Even after 56 years, one can't miss the excitement in the voices and the sudden spark in the nostalgic eyes of the old-timers of Bhathgaon village in Haryana's Sonipat district as they recall the day Dara Singh had made King Kong bite the dust in the most talked about dual of the Indian wrestling history.It was on December 12, 1956 when Dara Singh, then a youth of 28 years and weighing 130kg, had almost thrown King Kong weighing 182kg out of the ring by lifting him over his head amid loud cheers and thundering applause by thousands of onlookers, which included the then Soviet Union premier Nikolai Bulganin.Indian Prime Minister Jawahar Lal Nehru was also scheduled to watch the fight but could not arrive.Surajmal Dahiya, the 85-year-old resident of Bhatgaon and who was in the crowd that had gathered at the makeshift akhara where the duo wrestled, recalled that Dara Singh lifted King Kong over his head and twirled him around.\"It made King Kong literally yell with fear. He started crying foul and looked at the referee in an attempt to get rid of the grip of Dara Singh,\" said Dahiya with glee in his eyes.\"The fight is still fresh in my memory. It ended in just around 12-15 minutes as far as I remember which was a short fight given the average time of akhara wrestling. Dara defeated the great King Kong with such an ease,\" said Dahiya.King Kong whose real name was Emile Czaja was an Australian wrestler.Zile Singh, who is 84, recalled that a retired major general Bhoop Singh of their village had played a key role in fixing the venue of the fight Bhathgaon village, which is around 40km from Delhi.Zile said that the entire village was spruced up for the fight and even bitora (dung-cake heaps) on the outskirts of the village were whitewashed.The villagers had brought Dara Singh from Sonipat, about 12km from Bhathgaon, on a well-decorated bullock cart and gave him a rousing reception.\"We remember the day for another reason also as our village got electricity the same day and it was declared as adarsh village by the government,\" Zile said.Dhakar Pehalwan, 80, said that after defeating King Kong, Dara Singh stayed in the adjoining Ratangarh village till late evening.After the fight, Dara Singh had a bucketfull of fresh buffalo milk. \"A bucket contains around 12-13 litres of milk. He had all of it in one go,\" added Pehalwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857324", "title": "Kolkata school to host 'Global village' programme", "text": "KOLKATA: La Martiniere for Girls is gearing up to throw its gates open as hosts for a five-day (from July 16 - 20) interactive festival called Global Village programme, which is going to range from 16-20th of July. College students, in an age-group of 18-25 years, from 14 countries will participate in this cultural-exchange festival.\"Around 20-odd students from various international institutes have already arrived a couple of weeks ago and they have been visiting the other 15 participating schools in the city to help them prepare for the festival,\" said La Martiniere for Girls principal L Mirza. The festival is the brain-child of the international student-body organization AIESEC, who requested the school to play host where people from different cultures can gather and talk about their culture and tradition.Students from France, Italy, Brazil, Portugal, China, Ukraine, Russia, Czech Republic, Netherlands, Hungary, Malaysia, Israel, Canada, Indonesia, Switzerland and Chile have been living in the school hostel and helping the students prepare for the festival. 13 girls are staying with us and the boys are staying with at the La Martiniere for Boys hostel,\" added Mirza.Other organizers of the festival include Friends of Alumni of Colleges, Educational Institutes and Schools (FACES), The American Centre, West Bengal Federation of United Nations Association, The British Council, Kolkata schools taking part.The five festivals will be inaugurated by Bishop of Calcutta Ashoke Biswas. Minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy will be chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "14856741", "title": "Crocodile kills woman, injures husband", "text": "Kendrapada: A salt water crocodile on Tuesday afternoon killed a fisherwoman in Bhekta village under Rajnagar block within Bhitarkanika National Park in Kendrapada district. The husband of the victim sustained serious injuries. \"My wife, Babita Das, (32) was dragged into the deep river by the crocodile while she was catching crabs. I jumped into the river to save her, but the reptile attacked me with its tail. The half- eaten body of my wife was recovered by villagers on Wednesday,\" said Balaram Das.Earlier on Saturday, a crocodile killed Khirod Mallick, (51) a farmer of Bahadia village, while he was washing his feet in river Baitarani, after cultivating his land.\"Cases of crocodile attacks are always on the increase in the riverside villages near Bhitarkanika. In the past six months, 12 persons, including a 13-year-old boy, have been killed in the riverside villages,\" said Jagabandhu Nayak, the former chairman of Rajnagar block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14859254", "title": "Tax haven tag by India riles Singapore's prime minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong , said on Thursday that India has conceded that it should not have described the city state as a \"tax haven\" in its \"white paper on black money\".According to the visiting leader, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh acknowledged so when presented with a high-level protest from Lee, who said that they were \"disturbed\" to see themselves in the government report.In an interaction with some select journalists, Lee said Singapore had even \"demarched\" India on the issue. \"We have demarched the Indian government on this matter to put this record straight and explain why this is not true and it has been mistaken. And yesterday (Wednesday) when I met the PM I raised this with him and explained to him that we should see significant and big investments from Singapore as a good thing and we think this is bonafide. The PM acknowledged my point and he felt that he accepted the explanation and we should not have been cited in this way in that White Paper. So I accept that.\"The UPA government's white paper was brought out by the finance ministry earlier this year as a response to growing popular and political clamour about black money and the need to repatriate illegal funds parked in tax havens abroad. Singh's reported acceptance of a crucial error in judgment in the report would raise questions about the rest of the report as well.His protest over being bracketed with tax havens came a day after Lee publicly described the Indian business environment as \"complicated\".On Thursday, Lee made a most sobering assessment of the Indian system. \"In market risks, there will be ups and downs but if you can minimize regulatory risk and political risks, it will be much easier for companies to come in and invest. The rules in India are complex; you have many levels of government. The requirements sometimes vary. Sometimes it in unavoidable, at other times it causes considerable concern to companies which have already committed. And for those who have not yet committed, they will have to make an assessment whether they want to take the risk.\"There are not many heads of government who would venture into the complex world of Indian politics and economy, but the Singapore premier was obviously so well attuned to India's developments that he appeared not only comfortable talking about India's internal issues but was remarkably candid about both the nation's challenges and its strengths and ambitions. Lee offered to help India build industrial parks that, with adequate infrastructure, could spur economic growth.Answering questions at a \"Singapore Symposium\" organized by the Aspen Institute, Lee was even more forthright in stating that India cannot actualize its potential if it ignored reforms and failed to develop political consensus on it. \"India would be able to grow not just at seven per cent, but 8-9% for another 5-10 years easily, because the potential is there, human capabilities are there,\" but there needed to be significant reforms and the opposition needed to be brought on board.On a larger canvas though, Lee made a determined pitch for India to be part of a regional architecture, with Asean as its hub and the partners as the spokes. \"I think it is important for India to participate in the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership, a scheme to promote economic integration and trade liberalization between Asean and its partners,\" he said. \"We want India to be partners in RCEP. I have been discussing this in my meetings so that India can be actively engaged in the region. India's participation will enhance stability and add influence,\" he told the Aspen Institute meeting later. \"We welcome you to participate in the Asean forum so that it will help keep Asean relevant,\" he added.Asked what the world would be in 2032, Lee said, it would depend on whether India and China were able to transform themselves peacefully. \"If the transformation does not take peacefully and if there is a fracture either because of economic reasons or strategic reasons and I hope not leading to military misunderstanding ending up in aggravation between America and China or China and India, it will be a different world,\" he added.This is the full text of his remarks:What is holding back the second review of CECA?The CECA was completed and signed in 2005 between PM Manmohan Singh and me. We had one successful round and now the second round is underway. It is taking longer than we had expected but we have both agreed to instruct our people to expedite the matter. We hope to conclude and sign it before the end of the year when I will return for the India-ASEAN anniversary meeting. There is no specific difficulty in this regard.What specific features in the new CECA do you think will help enhance bilateral trade?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856695", "title": "Man held for molesting teenaged daughter", "text": "NAGPUR: A man in his late 40s has been rounded up for outraging the modesty of his 16-year-old daughter at their Hudco colony residence in the wee hours of Thursday. Surendrapal Singh Khakar was caught in the act by his elder son and wife, who reported the matter to Jaripatka police station.Khakar, a suspended driver of state transport corporation, is learnt to have tried to force himself upon the daughter when the family was fast asleep. It was the noise of her resisting that woke the mother and elder brother. They later told the police that Khakar had been using filthy language to express his carnal desire. A regular consumer of liquor, Khakar had been making advances towards his daughter for the last two years.Sources from the police station said Khakar was in an inebriated condition when brought to the police station. Police have recorded the statement of the victim and her mother.In another incident, a father of two has been arrested on rape charges by Tehsil police after a 29-year-old woman complained of sexual exploitation on the pretext of marriage. Prashant Wasule, a property dealer, was a regular visitor at the residence of the victim Neeta (name changed) and established physical relations with the woman. She approached police after Wasule refused to marry her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857963", "title": "2 from Yerawada held for burglary, vehicle thefts", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Thursday claimed to have solved four burglary and two vehicle theft cases with the arrest of two men. The police have recovered booty worth Rs 80,000 from the suspects.Akash Pardeshi (20) and Vinay Sakat (21), both from Yashwantnagar in Yerawada, have been arrested by senior inspector Kishore Jadhav.Jadhav said, \"During the investigation of burglaries and vehicle thefts in the area, sub-inspector Anil Mane received a tip-off that Pardeshi, a burglar on police records, had recently committed some offences in Yerawada. Consequently, we laid a trap and nabbed him.\"During interrogation Pardeshi admitted to his involvement in burglaries at a flat and at a clinic in Yerawada,\" Jadhav said. \"Pardeshi also said that he had stolen a two-wheeler from a housing society and also a purse containing cash from the counter of a hospital.Investigations have also revealed that Pardeshi had committed two more offences with the help of Sakat. \"We have recovered booty worth Rs 80,000, including two motorcycles, from them. The court sent them to police custody till July 13.\"The investigating team comprised constables Tushar Alhat, Mohan Walke, Samir Shaikh, Sachin Kadam and Chetan Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858565", "title": "India, Pakistan begin talks to ensure maritime security", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the foreign minister level dialogue, India and Pakistan on Thursday resumed talks to ensure maritime security and establish a mechanism for release of impoverished fishermen who often end up in each other's jails due to lack of clear demarcation of territorial waters between the two neighbours.The last time these talks between the Indian Coast Guard (ICG) and Pakistan Maritime Security Agency (PMSA) took place was in 2008 before the Mumbai terror attacks. While the Indian delegation was led by ICG director general Vice Admiral M P Muralidharan, the Pakistani team was headed by PMSA chief Rear Admiral Waseem Akram.The two countries are also close to finalize the dates for foreign minister SM Krishna's meeting with his counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar in Islamabad, with Pakistan officially conveying that it is willing to host the Indian minister anytime between September 4 and 9. India had earlier proposed September 7, 8 and 9 for the visit.As for the maritime talks, Pakistan strongly took up the fishermen issue asking India to provide real time information to Pakistani agencies whenever any of its fishermen is detained by ICG. \"They said Indian agencies don't provide information about detained fishermen leading to confusion in Pakistan. They said they should be informed immediately and also demanded that the boats or other shipping vessels seized in such cases be returned to Pakistan too,\" said a government source.The Indian side is said to have reacted positively to the demands made by Pakistan. The issue of fishermen, who stray across maritime boundaries in the search for \"lucrative catches\", getting arrested has been a long-standing one between the two neighbours.Rear Admiral Akram also invited Vice-Admiral Muralidharan to visit Pakistan soon. Sources said the invitation has been accepted. Krishna has recently thanked Pakistan for releasing many Indian fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "balasore (odisha)", "code": "14861291", "title": "India tests nuclear-capable Agni-I missile", "text": "BALASORE (Odisha): India today successfully test-fired its indigenously developed nuclear capable Agni-I ballistic missile, with a strike range of 700 km, as part of the Army's user trial from a test range at Wheeler Island off Odisha coast.The surface-to-surface, single-stage missile, powered by solid propellants, was test-fired from a mobile launcher at about 1010 hrs from launch pad-4 of the Integrated Test Range at Wheeler Island, about 100 km from here, defence sources said.\"The trial of the sophisticated missile with a strike range of 700 km was successful,\" a defence scientist said.Describing the launch as a routine user's trial by the strategic force command of Indian Army, he said the main objective was to train the user team to launch the missile.\"It was a practice-drill. The user-team picked a missile at random from the production lot and fired it with logistic support provided by Defence Research Development Organisation ( DRDO) at ITR,\" he said.Agni-I missile has a specialised navigation system which ensures it reaches the target with a high degree of accuracy and precision, he said.The trajectory of the missile, which has an operational strike range of 700 km, was tracked by sophisticated radars and electro-optic telemetry stations located along the sea coast and ships positioned near the impact point in the downrange area.Weighing 12 tonnes, the 15-metre-long Agni-I, which can carry payloads up to 1000 kg, has already been inducted into the Indian Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14856446", "title": "20,000 families to reap benefits of water project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) gearing up to commission the JICA-aided drinking water project in the city by December 2013, the demand for water connection under the scheme has surged like never before. The KWA has already received 40,000 applications, out of which 19,894 persons will get water connection at the start of the project. Over 14,127 persons have already remitted the required fee for water connection.The state government had approved five Japan-aided drinking water schemes in the state and the biggest one is taking shape in Kozhikode. Under the agreement reached with KWA, Sreeram ETC, a private firm, will lay a 1,159km-long pipeline network in the city for an estimated cost of Rs 167.2 crore. The treatment plant, one of the largest in the state, is coming up at Peruvannamuzhi and water will carried from Kadalundi through a 120km-long pipe.The multi-crore project will have about 20 water storage facilities in various parts of the city to provide drinking water to 12 lakh households spread across 16 panchayats.KWA executive engineer K G Harshan said the 95% of the pipe-laying works for the main line from Peruvannamuzhi to city has been completed. \"The work on the distribution network would be completed in 18 months. The work will begin after monsoon,\" he said.KWA has also signed an agreement with Koya and Company based in Hyderabad for the revamping the drinking water supply system in Koolimadu pump house. Harshan said the renovation works that will cost Rs 42.32 crore would ensure a leak-proof water delivery system.Meanwhile, the bus operators association in the district have criticized the KWA for digging up the road from Balussery to Kozhikode for laying pipes. The district president of the forum Suresh Babu said representatives of association will meet chief minister on July 18 demanding a solution to the issue. \"KWA should take the issue seriously as it affects thousands of passengers in the route,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "14857716", "title": "Araria DM, SP at loggerheads", "text": "ARARIA: Araria district magistrate (DM ) and the superintendent of police (SP ) appear to be at loggerheads following the latter's order for arrest of the head clerk, dealing assistant and others for their alleged complicity in bunglings of funds meant for Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) in Jokihat block in the district.Araria DM M Sarvanan, in a letter dated June 28, 2012, to the SP, expressed concern over how the SP's order to arrest the head clerk and others had resulted in administrative paralysis in the block. He said desertion of clerks and others has hampered the disbursement of IAY funds and also constricted the target stipulated for the district. The DM was prompted to dash off the letter after Jokihat BDO, during a review of the progress of different schemes, including IAY at his office on June 26, took the false plea that 'absence' of clerks due to arrest threat threw spokes in the wheels of daily work. The DM also suggested that the SP ought to have taken him into confidence before passing such orders.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, however, in reply to the DM's letter, contended that the Jokihat BDO had not put things in right perspective at the aforesaid meeting. He also explained the entire sequence of events culminating in the arrest orders.According to the exchanges of letters between the two heads of the district, one Asfaq Alam of village Gairki had lodged a complaint with the Jokihat police station, hurling charge of bunglings in IAY scheme against the Gairki mukhiya, Imran Sabbir and nine others, including some clerks and Central Bank of India manager of Gairki branch. Araria SDPO Mohammad Qasim, in course of supervision of the complaint case, came across irrefutable evidences of complicity of the Jokihat block head clerk and others in the case. The SP only concurred with the observations of the SDPO when he himself supervised the case. Consequently, arrest orders were issued.Araria DM Sarvanan, talking to TOI on Thursday, made it clear that he never questioned the propriety of police action. All that he wanted to underline was that the police officers should understand the \"mensrea\" ( legal term meaning intention behind the offence) before initiating any action.SP Lande maintained that he was truly surprised to get a letter from the DM, who has himself busted many scams in the IAY and others in Araria. So much so that many ex-DMs and DDCs are now feeling the heat, he added. Talking to TOI on Thursday, Lande maintained no permission or nod was needed when the investigation process is already completed, and the charges were prima facie found true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "14856853", "title": "District officials, police depose in lathicharge case", "text": "BALASORE: Witnesses, district administration staff and police officers deposed before Revenue Divisional Commissioner (central division) Arabind Padhee on Thursday in the Chandaneswar Mela lathicharge incident that had left more than 40 devotees injured three months ago.\"Out of the 17 witnesses, 16 deposed. Though 17 had submitted their affidavits for the inquiry, I also took a few other applications related to the incident from locals who had failed to submit their affidavits. This will be an impartial probe. I will soon submit my report to the government,\" he said.Padhee asked the district administration to provide a house under Mo Kudia scheme to Paresh Jena of Deula village who was injured in the lathicharge and bear his medical expenses.On April 12, police allegedly lathicharged on devotees, who had gathered to participate in the famous Chadak mela after a scuffle broke out between devotees present at the temple and cops posted there to control the crowd. Even the Bhogarai MLA, panchayat samiti president and a few scribes were not spared.Over a dozen policemen, including two DSPs, were hurt and a police van torched. While the devotees claimed the police beat them up mercilessly after the ceremonial mud (a mixture of mud and sandalwood paste) thrown at other devotees as part of Mala Chandani festival, fell on them. But the policemen said that the devotees retaliated when they were averting a molestation bid.Though the RDC was scheduled to visit on May 28, his tour was rescheduled for his other engagements and Puri Rath Yatra preparations.On Wednesday, Padhee visited the Biju Patnaik Square, Akhanda Pokhari, Jatri Niwas and the temple.He interacted with members of the temple managing committee, priests and locals besides holding a meeting with the local MLA, magistrate, DIG (eastern range) Sanjay Kumar , Balasore collector Akhila Bihari Ota and SP Rajesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857135", "title": "Man held for abducting child", "text": "BANGALORE: An angry mob thrashed Sumatheendra, 54, for allegedly kidnapping 2-year-old Vinay from Chandranagar in Kumaraswamy Layout, south Bangalore, on Thursday afternoon. He threatened to sacrifice the little boy.The mob claimed Sumatheendra was a black magic practitioner but police suspected he was of unsound mind.Sumatheendra, a hotel cook, has been living with his second wife, Jayalakshmi, in Chandranagar since 2009. His first wife Vasanthalakshmi, a mother of two, allegedly deserted him in 2008 after which he'd been suffering from depression, police said.Eyewitnesses said Sumatheendra barged into the residence of truck driver Vishwa and Nagarathna, who live two houses away. Vishwa's lone son, Vinay, was playing with his grandmother Rajamma. \"Sumatheendra grabbed Vinay and took him,\" Rajamma told police. Sumatheendra told her he'd sacrifice the boy.Rajamma rushed to the road and screamed for help. Sameer Khan, who runs a travel agency in the area, rushed to her rescue. \"Rajamma told me how Sumatheendra kidnapped her grandson,\" Sameer told TOI. Sameer rounded up passersby and knocked on Sumatheendra's residence. \"He was not ready to open the door so we broke it down,\" he said.Sameer claimed that when they barged into his house, Sumatheendra was trying to strangle the child. \"He had wrapped a red towel around Vinay's neck,\" he said.The mob beat Sumatheendra black and blue before handing him over to KS Layout police. \"We registered an attempt to murder case against him,\" police said.Sumatheendra and Vinay were rushed to Victoria Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "14856749", "title": "From Kendrapada in Odisha to Geneva, in search of God particle", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The announcement of the discovery of the Higgs boson or the God particle in Geneva last week was celebrated worldwide, but it was a very special moment in Kamarkhandi village on the outskirts of Kendrapada. Local boy Dr Prafulla Kumar Behera, 40, was one of the many scientists from across the world whose contributions added up to possibly the most remarkable scientific discovery of this millennium.On July 4, scientists spotted a sub-atomic particle \"consistent\" with the Higgs boson or the \"God particle\". Behera, who has been stationed at the CERN since 2007, was involved in the commissioning of a device called silicon pixel detector, which played a big part in the success of the experiment. \"It is a state-of-the-art detector with 80 million silicon pixel channels, located closest to where the proton-proton interactions take place so that it accurately catches what is happening at the interaction point as early as possible, before some of the interaction products can decay,\" Dr Behera told TOI.Behera's meteoric rise from a non-descript village in this coastal district to where he is today, is no less astonishing than the discovery itself. A student of Ichhapur High School, Kendrapada, Behera studied in Kendrapada college and Utkal University. After completing his MSc, he worked as a postdoctoral fellow in University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia , USA. Behera has also worked at the University of Iowa as an assistant research scientist and taught at IIT-Chennai as a visiting fellow. Before working on the Higgs Boson, he worked on the ATLAS Experiment at CERN, Geneva, Switzerland .Explaining his role in the whole experiment, Behera said, \"At the core of the CERN, there is a 27-km long tunnel, more than 70 metre beneath the ground. It is spread over two countries, as it is situated on the Swiss-Franco border. Inside, in a Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a Big Bang experiment was conducted three years ago. The experiment had aimed to recreate the conditions of the Big Bang, when the universe is thought to have exploded into existence about 14 billion years ago. As part of the ATLAS experiment, I and my fellow scientists had created a massive detector for collecting data at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).\"\"The ATLAS detector is designed to record and explore what happens when protons collide at nearly the speed of light, Atlas will collect a staggering amount of data, enough to fill 100,000 data CDs per second, or roughly equivalent to 50 billion phone calls being made at the same instant. The Atlas experiment was conducted by more than 2,000 people from 37 different countries,\" Behera, who recently visited his parents at Kamarkhandi, said.\"I have been part of the project since 2006 from the University of Iowa, Iowa City, USA. Since late 2007, when I moved to CERN, I have been working on the silicon pixel detector. The spotting of the sub-atomic particle is a great victory for scientists. It is something thousands of scientists waited to witness for a long time,\" a visibly satisfied Behera signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "sonepat", "code": "14859079", "title": "When Rustam-e-Hind lifted King Kong off his feet and flung him", "text": "SONEPAT: More than 50 years have gone by , yet old-timers of Bhathgaon village vividly remember the day Dara Singh made King Kong bite the dust here.On December 12, 1956, Dara Singh , then a strapping young man of 28 and weighing 130 kg , threw Australian challenger King Kong , out of the ring. King Kong had weighed in at nearly 200 kg. When Dara plucked his rival off the ground and held him over his head , thousands cheered loudly. In the audience was then Soviet Union premier Nikolai Bulganin. PM Jawahar Lal Nehru was also scheduled to watch the fight but could not make it.Surajmal Dahiya , 85, who was in the crowd that had gathered at the akhara where the duo wrestled that day , recalled how Dara twirled King Kong around. \"The helpless challenger yelled in fear . He cried foul and beseeched the referee urging him to stop the fight ,\" Dahiya recalled in glee.\"The fight is still fresh in my mind . It ended in 12-15 minutes , which was a short fight given the average time of akhara wrestling. Dara defeated King Kong with such ease ,\" he said . King Kong's real name was Emile Czaja.Zile Singh, now 84, recalled how retired major general Bhoop Singh had played a key role in fixing the venue for the contest at Bhathgaon, 40 km from Delhi. Singh said the village was spruced up for the fight and even heaps of dung-cake on the outskirts were whitewashed . The villagers brought Dara from Sonepat , about 12 km from Bhathgaon , on a decorated bullock cart and gave him a rousing reception . \"We remember the day for another reason also .Our village got electricity that day and it was declared an adarsh village by the government ,\" Singh said .Dhakar Pehalwan, 80, said after defeating King Kong, Dara stayed on till late evening . After the bout, he drank a bucket of buffalo milk. \"A bucket has 12-13 litres of milk. He had all of it in one go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856708", "title": "Indian National Trade Union Congress seeks daily wage of Rs 200", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Indian National Trade Union Congress state president and MP Ramchandra Khuntia on Tuesday demanded increase in minimum daily wage to Rs 200. The state's minimum wage per day is Rs 90 that the government is mulling to increase to Rs 125 a day.Presiding over the 24th session of INTUC, state branch here, Khuntia also demanded increase in old-age pension to Rs 2,000 and regularization of contractual workers. Khuntia said INTUC will launch an agitation to solve the problems of farm labourers and workers of unorganized sectors.Attending the INTUC session as chief guest, Union minister Srikant Jena said poor implementation of labour laws in Odisha was harming the workforce.Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik called for a massive agitation against the incumbent government's \"anti-labour\" policies. Opposition leader Bhupinder Singh said the labour force should be mobilized against the government.All India INTUC general secretary and leader of opposition in Jharkhand Assembly Rajendra Prasad Singh also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857795", "title": "Jaidev Gaikwad is NCP's nominee for MLC polls", "text": "MUMBAI: Jaidev Gaikwad, former Pune unit chief of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), has been nominated as the party candidate for the Member of the Legislative Council (MLC) elections to be held on July 25.Gaikwad, a prominent Dalit leader from Pune, was recently in contention for a Rajya Sabha seat but was pipped to the post by the present NCP city chief Vandana Chavan.The NCP sprang a surprise by not retaining senior leader Arun Gujarathi for the MLC post. Besides Gaikwad, the party named Amarsinh Pandit, a former BJP leader from Munde's stronghold in Beed who recently switched sides, and Narendra Patil, son of renowned labour (Mathadi worker) union leader Annasaheb Patil.Meanwhile, a fresh chapter could be added to the rift between BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and Gopinath Munde factions, following the party leadership's decision of replacing a legislator from the latter's camp in the legislative council.It became clear on Thursday that senior party leader Sayyed Pasha Patel, a close Munde confidant, will not be repeated as the party's nominee to the legislative council. Eleven MLC seats, including two held by the BJP, fall vacant in July. Following a party meeting, the BJP finalised candidates for its two seats. Patel's name does not figure in the two.Party seniors confirmed that the names of former Mumbai corporator Ashish Shelar and former minister Vijay (Bhai) Girkar had been finalized. While Girkar is also known to be a Munde supporter, Patel's closeness to Munde is well-known in political circles.Meanwhile, the Peasants and Workers Party leader Jayant Patil, who was elected with the help of support from the Shiv Sena the last time, filed his papers for renomination on Thursday. The Shiv Sena was yet to announce its official candidate. The name of former MLA Anil Parab has however emerged as a frontrunner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857827", "title": "Male murder victims outnumber women in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a city notorious for its crimes against women, this would come as a surprise - the number of women killed in Delhi has been declining in the past six years while there has been a steady rise in murders against men.Last year, the number of men killed in the city was more than four times higher than the women murdered. In 2006, male murder victims were less than triple the number of women who met a similar fate.These figures were provided by the Union home ministry in reply to an RTI query filed by information activist Dev Ashish Bhattacharya. Between 2006 and 2010, Delhi witnessed 2,736 murders, of which 2,120 victims were men and 616 women.\"The data suggests that extreme crime against women has decreased while it was gone up in the case of men,\" said Bhattacharya.The overall rise in murders points to a growth in crime as well as a city on a short fuse. Around 19% of all murders were for trivial reasons. Reasons that led to killings in the capital included not reading out a bus's route number urinating in front of someone's door and not delivering enough milk. TOI found that more than 85% of the murderers were first timers.Curiously, the figures show a sudden rise in the number of murders between 2007 and 2008. While the number of women murdered came down from 127 to 116 in 2008, there was a jump in male victims - from 384 to 473. The number of men murdered in Delhi has not dropped below 450 ever since. Cops say 2008 was the year when the infamous Bunty gang entered the capital and street crime meant shooting at victims. But police added that there was also a big jump in murders committed for trivial reasons. Thankfully, police have also improved their rate of solving murder cases as well as convicting the guilty. In 2005, Delhi saw just 26% conviction against a total number of 650 murder cases. This had gone up to 48.1% by 2011.\"We increased the salary of our lawyers and also ensured investigations were more scientific. A specific programme to file chargesheets before the stipulated 90 days was also taken up. These steps have given us good results,'' said a senior Delhi police cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14857128", "title": "Surge in graft plaints in Amravati division", "text": "AMRAVATI: Maybe it's an effect of Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement or the people are becoming more aware of the need to fight corruption. This year as many as 33 cases of graft were registered with the anti-corruption bureau's Amravati division in just six months.In 2010, 39 cases were registered in the Amravati division while the number had rose to 54 in 2011, but this year till June 30, 33 cases have been registered. The number of cases against the police and revenue department is the highest. Most of the accused have been netted from Akola. In Akola, eight cases were registered while five cases were registered in Amravati, six in Yavatmal and seven in Buldhana and Washim each.The number of complaints against the Class I and Class II officers are less as the people are still hesitant to come out against them. Only one Class I official has been booked and four Class II officials have been arrested by the ACB till June.Speaking to TOI, SP Arvind Salve of Anti-Corruption Bureau said that many people are coming out against corruption. As compared to last few years this year many cases were registered. In May and June itself 19 cases were registered in the division.\"Our department conducts awareness drives in order to develop trust between the people and the bureau. These drives have proven to be successful and people are coming forward to lodge complaints. We are planning to send SMSes urging people to expose more corrupt officials. This will definitely help. He said that the other reason behind the sudden increase in the number of graft complaints maybe because the ACB sleuths are available even on Sundays and the people can contact the bureau through phone also,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857418", "title": "HC lawyers join Bill protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lawyers of the Delhi high court on Thursday did not attend the court and joined a two-day strike called by the Bar Council of India to protest against a proposed legislation that could affect its autonomy and allow entry of foreign law institutes and universities in India.The strike, called for Wednesday and Thursday, is to protest four proposed legislations, including the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Bill, 2010. It affected the functioning of the high court as mostly proxy counsel appeared before the court to get the next date of hearing.\"We are not on strike, but are abstaining ourselves from going to court in support of the demand by the BCI,\" Delhi High Court Bar Association president A S Chandhiok said.BCI has accused the government of trying to usurp its power to regulate the legal education and profession in the country through the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill.While litigants came to the court, their advocates abstained from work. Lawyers, who did appear in court, did not come in their regular black and white dress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856940", "title": "House tax: Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to resolve objections", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon has finally decided to deal with the over 50,000 objections raised by the residents regarding house tax, in a time bound manner. Starting July 23, the municipal corporation will hold meetings every day in which they will invite those who have filed objections and will resolve it. This decision was taken at a meeting held between the MCG officials and the ward councillors on Thursday.\"We plan to resolve close to 100 cases every day and will take up the cases ward wise and colony wise. It's going to be a mammoth task and we are not sure how many months it is going to take to resolve all the 50,000 objections filed. Most of the objections are related to wrong calculation, incorrect name and area. We will publish a list of cases that will be taken up each day so that the residents know when their case would come up for hearing. The zonal taxation officer as well as the executive and junior engineers will be present in the daily hearings so that the objections can be resolved smoothly,\" Veena Hooda, joint commissioner, Zone-1 of MCG.On July 23, cases related to areas like Daulatabad village, Daulatabad industrial area, Rajendra Park, Surat Nagar Phase I will be taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "14857480", "title": "Much-married man in cop net", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A 36-year-old man who was gearing up for his fourth marriage was handed over to police by his third wife's family on Wednesday.Saidul Mullick, 36, of Howrah's Goradia had married his third wife Habiba, a resident of Murshidabad's Chandrakona, a year ago. For each of the earlier negotiations, his landlord and landlady posed as his parents. This time Saidul was to marry a girl from East Midnapore. When Habiba learnt about this, she returned to her parents' house. An unemployed Saidul, meanwhile, called her up and requested her to give him Rs 1,000. Habiba asked him to come to Chandrakona. As Saidul landed in his in-laws' house, they tied him up and then informed police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14857193", "title": "NCP, Bharatiya Janata Party declare council candidates", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has ignored Vidarbha's claim to a legislative council seat for the July 25 poll in which 11 members are to be elected. Keshav Mankar of Bhandara and Pasha Patel of Marathwada are the party's outgoing members. They will be replaced by Ashish Shelar and Vijay Girkar, both from Mumbai. The names were announced by state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar on Thursday.Nationalist Congress Party and BJP declared their candidates while the Congress was busy in parleys in New Delhi over its list of nominees. MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and state in-charge and AICC general secretary Mohan Prakash discussed the names with party president Sonia Gandhi. But Thakre told TOI, the names were yet to be finalized and would be announced on Friday. Saturday is the last day for filing of nominations.For the 11 seats falling vacant on July 27, the Congress has a quota of four, NCP 3, BJP 2 and Shiv Sena and the People's and Workers Party one each. The outgoing members of the Congress are Manikrao Thakre, Ulhas Pawar, Rajan Teli and SQ Zama; that of NCP are Arun Gujrathi, Usha Darade and the late Preetam Shegaonkar (he belonged to RPI and was supported by NCP). Shiv Sena's Purushottam Uparkar and PWP's Jayant Patil are also retiring on that day.BJP has preferred Maratha community leader Shelar and Dalit leader Girkar, a former minister, as nominees after talks were held for two days in Mumbai. The names of Girish Vyas from the city and Nikhil Khadse from Aurangabad had figured among aspirants.NCP has decided to nominate Jaidev Gaikwad of Pune, Narendra Patil, a Mathadi workers' leader from Vashi and Amarsinh Pandi from Beed, party sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14858199", "title": "Modganvkars, now keep your garbage at your doorstep", "text": "PORVORIM: The Margao municipal council will begin door-to-door collection of garbage in all its 20 wards from next week onwards.This will initially be implemented by the municipality, urban development minister Francis D'Souza said, replying to a question by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai on the first day of the monsoon session of the assembly at the state secretariat in Porvorim on Thursday.Margao MLA Digambar Kamat requested D'Souza to begin the drive, at least on a pilot basis, to which Sardesai said that the municipality was not in a position to start the pilot project.\"The government should give the council extra money for the door-to-door waste collection,\" said Sardesai.D'Souza said that every municipality charges an extra fee for garbage collection. \"If the council approaches us, we can release funds to hire labour for door-to-door garbage collection but if they don't approach us, how can the government help? When required, the government will give money,\" said the minister.Replying to a question by Kamat about how much money has been released to the MMC and to the concessioner for setting up the garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo, D'Souza said that 7.31 crore was released to the Margao municpality towards payment of the fee to the concessioner.Kamat said that if the MMC does not pay money to the concessioner, according to the agreement, then the council will end up paying Rs 12.5 crore for it.Kamat also suggested that the government should monitor the project to ensure it is not delayed. \"If the project is successful, the garbage issue will be solved,\" said Kamat.D'Souza also said that a specific provision for capping work has been made and once the estimate is submitted by the consultant, work will begin. Replying to Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco that garbage leachate should not flow from Sonsoddo once capping is done, D'Souza assured Lourenco that there would be no leachate as the capping would be done in a scientific manner.\"The garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo is expected to be completed by April 2013,\" urban development minister D'Souza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857933", "title": "Trade policies behind farmer suicides: Survey", "text": "PUNE: Irrational trade policies and shrinking farm holdings are among the reasons that lead farmers to commit suicide in Maharashtra.Sangeeta Shroff, an associate professor with the Agro Economic Research centre at the city-based Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics, said the Union government's policies from 1997 to 2003 discouraged cotton export and promoted import.As a result, farmers incurred losses, leading to frustration and suicides. She pointed out a recent National Sample Survey in which many farmers said they do not want to continue farming, but had no alternate available.The Agro Economic Research centre is set up by the Union government and various reports are commissioned by the Union Planning Commission, the State Planning Commission and other ministries.As per the latest National Crime Records Bureau report, 3,337 farmers committed suicide in Maharashtra 2011, which is the highest in the country. This is worse than 2010 when the state recorded 3,141 suicides. As many as 14,004 farmers in the country ended their lives in 2011.Shroff has submitted various reports about the implementation of the Union government's 2006 debt waiver package for Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Kerala.Speaking to TOI, Shroff said, \"Cotton import was encouraged by the Union government from 1996 to 2003, which led to crashing of cotton prices in the domestic market. It led to further distress and frustration among the farmers. In Maharashtra, the Vidarbha region is mostly dependent on rainfall, which increased the stress on farmers. The situation turned so bad that in the next three years the number of farmers' suicides increased drastically.\" In 2003, 170 farmers committed suicide. During the subsequent three years, the number increased to 620 in 2004, 572 in 2005 and 1,427 in 2006. Shroff also said that as per the figures released by Cotton Advisory Board, cotton import increased from 30,000 bales (one bale of cotton weighs 170 kg) in 1996 to 17.67 lakh bales in 2003. It was the same period, when internationally the cotton prices dipped from 78.6 cents per pound in 1996-97 to 55.7 cents per pound in 2002-03. It clearly showed that low price badly affected farmers' income, Shroff said.\"Incidentally, BT cotton was introduced in 2002. Due to its strong genetic resistance to major pests - farmers shifted from conventional seed to BT. The traders saw the opportunity and prices of BT cotton were artificially inflated. Though the cotton yield increased, the production cost went up due to high cost of seeds. However, the cotton market was already down due to ongoing imports. This led to more distress,\" Shroff said.On the state's record of maximum farmer suicides in 2010 and 2011, Shroff said, \"The Union government allowed export of 58 lakh bales in 2006-07. The export jumped to 88.50 lakh bales in the next year. In 2008-09 the export dropped to 35 lakh bales and it again jumped to 83 lakh bales in 2009-10. In 2010-11, we exported 55 lakh bales. All these figures show the Union government's irrational export policy. It has not only frustrated farmers, but international buyers also lost confidence. There is a strong possibility of Indian government giving more importance to the interest of domestic textile industry at the cost of farmers' interest.\"Saroj Kashikar, former member of legislative assembly and a leader of Shetkari Sanghatna from Wardha said, \"The government projected increase in yield because of an increase in income. In reality it was exactly the opposite. The technology of BT cotton is useful, but fall in cotton prices was never controlled by the government and farmers were left without any hope. It only increased indebtedness of farmers. A recent ban on cotton export underscores the same thing. The government is well aware of estimated increase in cotton production; but no measures are taken to prevent losses suffered by farmers.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited some parts of Vidarbha region on July 1, 2006, announcing a rehabilitation package to mitigate the distress of farmers in 31 identified districts of four states - Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Kerala. The package for four states was of the order of Rs 16,978.69 crore consisting of Rs 10,579.43 crore as subsidy or grants and Rs 6,399.26 crore as loan. Andhra Pradesh had highest share of 56%, while Maharashtra had share of 29%. But, it benefited the cooperative banks and societies which lent money to farmers. After the package, farmers were made eligible to avail fresh loans, but no measure was taken to increase the income of farmers, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857868", "title": "Gujarat Gross Domestic Product less than Bihar's: Keshubhai Patel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Keshubhai Patel, former chief minister and bete noire of CM Narendra Modi , quoting statistics from the ministry of statistics and programme implementation department has claimed that the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Gujarat was lower than that of Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Delhi and Pondicherry. Patel said that the GDP of Gujarat was low, contrary to the claims of the government. Patel also said that these figures are an eye-opener for the state's people.Patel further said that in the decade since 2002, there was a considerable increase in the number of families living below the poverty line. In 2002, the number of BPL families was 23.3 lakh and this increased to 39.69 lakh in 2012, he said. Patel claimed that 70 per cent of families in Dahod, Dang and Narmada districts are below poverty line. He added that the state was lagging behind on human development index too. Gujarat was ranked 11{+t}{+h}, behind Kerala, Himachal Pradesh , Punjab, Goa and Jammu and Kashmir.Patel, said the government was only interested in giving tax relief to a few industrialists in the name of Vibrant Gujarat Summit. Patel said that these summits are for industrialists only and do not really translate into job opportunities or even development of the state.This is his second consecutive blog post criticizing the state government. On Wednesday, Patel had criticized the administration for high CNG prices. Patel had stated that the people of Gujarat are paying the most for CNG and this was because of the high Value Added Tax structure in the state. He mentioned that CNG prices were higher than Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and even neighbouring Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858284", "title": "Does the Goa state pollution control board have the guts to prevent shacks from opening if they do not put a waste management system in place?", "text": "The Goa state pollution control board has proposed a comprehensive waste management plan for shacks as it was a long standing requirement. This plan will be accepted by the shack owners as they themselves have been feeling the need for such an arrangement for quite a long time. In fact, shack owners have been repeatedly demanding that govt put in place such a plan. However, the implementation has to be carefully worked out by setting up a coordination panel which will oversee the implementation of the plan. The panel must have the participation of shack owners for effective monitoring and successful implementation during the season.Roland Martins, coordinator, GOACAN, MapusaThe board's suggestion is good and I hope they will be in a position to implement it. This is a good way to find a solution to the mess of garbage on the beach. The implementation now depends on various departments like environment, tourism and above all on the chief minister.Clinton Vaz, environmental consultant, BenaulimIt is certainly possible to implement the plan if it is taken seriously. It has to be made mandatory for shacks to take care of their own waste as otherwise it could damage the environment. They need to have a good management plan for it.Tallulah D'Silva, architect, PanajiGoa needs shacks on the beach because of the tourism industry. So government should put up infrastructure for garbage management on the beach as it will not be possible for shackowners to do it on their own. The zilla panchayats and village panchayats must also be taken into confidence. Besides this, the government should also come out with a good policy for shacks and no politics should be played.Daya Pagi, fishermen, Canacona", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857428", "title": "More buses between IGI Airport, New Delhi station", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's good news for those who travelled by Airport Metro Express. From Friday, Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) will increase the frequency of buses running between New Delhi railway station and IGI Airport.The decision follows the temporary closure of the Airport Metro Express on July 8 due to safety concerns. \"As per directions of the chief minister, DTC has enhanced its airport services from ISBT Kashmere Gate for the convenience of airport bound commuters,\" said a DTC spokesperson.The service from Kashmere Gate ISBT to IGI Airport will be available round the clock at a frequency of 10 minutes. These buses run via New Delhi railway station, Connaught Place and Dhaula Kuan in both directions. Earlier, these buses used to run at frequencies of 40 minutes as well as an hour.\"The services are offered as commuters complained of lack of adequate links between the station and IGI. The airport services will follow this schedule for the time being,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14857852", "title": "Man killed friend in fit of rage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur police arrested a 34-year old man for the murder of Jagdevprasad Mishra alias Jagdish, 35, a resident of Vastral, whose body was found in a car behind Judges Bungalow on July 5.Police said Vijay Darbar, a resident of Premchandnagar, killed Mishra in a fit of rage that morning and abandoned the vehicle at a secluded spot. According to Vastrapur police, residents from behind the Chief Justice's bungalow reported a Maruti Eeco car parked there for a long time. When people peered inside, they saw the body of a man. The man had a injury on his skull believed to have been inflicted by a blunt weapon. The man was later identified as Mishra from his driving license. He was working as a driver for the car and had been to Nadiad on July 4 with his friends.\"On questioning his friends, we found that Darbar had threatened Mishra with dire consequences if he did not return the Rs 1 lakh which he had borrowed to lend to Mishra who was in a crisis. We began hunting for him and found that he was moving between locations in Rajasthan and Gujarat. On Thursday, he came to meet his family and we caught him,\" said M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station.Sharma said that apart from the money, an insult led Darbar to assault Mishra. As per Darbar's statement, the duo were to leave for Ambaji on the morning of July 5 in Mishra's car. They had slept in the car, so as not to waste time. At 5.30 am in the morning, when despite several attempts, Mishra did not wake up at 5.30 am, Darbar used force. To that, Mishra abused him. It then enraged Darbar that Mishra had not returned his money and was now also abusing him.\"He picked up a concrete block from the parking and hit Mishra with it repeatedly on his head. When he realized that Mishra could file a complaint against him, Darbar finished him off and drove the car to Judges Bungalow before anybody could see him. We are now in process of recovering the block and other evidence,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858669", "title": "Southern sectors face erratic water supply for 3 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite the onset of monsoon, residents continue to face a tough time with erratic water supply. With third day in a row, erratic fresh water supply in sectors 48, 49, 50, 51 and 52 is making life miserable for residents - so much so that many have even shifted to the homes of their near and dear ones in other sectors as they are facing immense difficulties in carrying out their day-to-day works.The water crisis started on Tuesday when the fresh water pipeline was damaged near Beant Singh Memorial in Sector 42 around 10am, affecting the supply to these sectors. According to municipal corporation officials, they had started the repair work of the pipe as soon as they figured out the fault, but since the pipe is huge in diameter and the crack was around 15 metre, the supply could not be resumed by Wednesday evening also. Sources added, the situation aggravated further as the crack in the pipeline increased on Wednesday, forcing MC to opt for an alternative route for supplying water to these five sectors. Thus, the supply was resumed on Thursday, but on low pressure.Resident of Sector 48, Vikram Juneja said, \"Adding to the woes of hot and humid weather conditions, irregular water supply for past three days has made our lives miserable. The supply in my sector was so erratic that I had to shift to my relative's house in Sector 37.\"Loveleen Kaur, resident of Sector 49, said, \"For past three days, either there was no water supply or the timings of the supply were inconvenient for us. It's of little use if water comes during the day time, when most of the members of the family are outside the house.\" Resident of Sector 51, Lakshya Kumar said, \"I am fed up of fetching water from the ground floor. The authorities should do something urgently to tackle the situation as it has become impossible to carry out our day to day activities.\"J N Sharma, president of New Light House Building Society in Sector 51, said, \"Due to heavy rains, a water supply pipe in Sector 43 had broken around three days back and concerned authorities have failed to repair it yet. Due to this residents are not getting supply of drinking water. We are forced to call private tankers of water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861407", "title": "Rajamouli speaks about Chiranjeevi\u2019s 150th film", "text": "The 150th film of actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi has always been in the news every now and then. The names of top directors in south have surfaced only to be negated with the passage of time. And one amongst those names includes SS Rajamouli.Although the task master is currently basking in the success of \"Eega\", Rajamouli gave a statement that he cannot take up the adventure of directing Chiranjeevi for his 150th movie. Well, this news came in as a shock for all the mega fans who were hoping for Rajamouli to wield the megaphone for their favorite hero.However, the big news is that Vijayendra Prasad (Rajamouli's father) indicated that he has an idea for Chiranjeevi. If his father can direct the film, Rajamouli said that he can provide the script and also assist in the screenplay. The director apparently evinced interest to make experimental movie rather than a predictable fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14856959", "title": "Despite SC order, scrap shops stay put on link road", "text": "NASHIK: Three days after the Supreme Court's (SC) deadline to scrap dealers at the Ambad-Satpur Link Road to remove their shops, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is still in the nascent stages of planning to evacuate them.Recently, the municipal commissioner issued notices to the scrap dealers to abide by the apex court's orders, but they failed to comply. On the contrary, they are asking for alternative land for their scrap business, for which they say they are ready to pay and would put forth their demands to the commissioner. The NMC has said that providing alternative land was out of question.Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said that notices have been issued by the NMC to the scrap dealers and appropriate action will be taken by the civic body in due course of time. \"We cannot say when exactly we will be able to take action. We need a lot of planning and bandobast for the same. The civic body is doing the needful,\" he said.DCP D S Swamy said that he and ACP Sanjeev Thakur had a discussion in his office with deputy municipal commissioner Dattatreya Gotise three days back. \"He showed us the plan on paper. For six teams they had only 20 labourers each, led by a deputy municipal commissioner or executive engineer, which we feel is not sufficient. Also, only ten earth movers for removing 523 scrap shops are insufficient. We have asked them to arrange for more manpower if we have to do this in 2-3 days. We don't want to stretch it for months. The middle patch of the scrap market on the Ambad-Satpur Link Road is a delicate one and we have to be very careful. We told the deputy municipal commissioner that we may need to barricade the area and that we needed to see the spot. They agreed but after that nothing happened,\" he said.Gotise said that since notices have been issued to the scrap dealers they are expected to vacate on their own or else the NMC will take action. \"We are preparing for it,\" he said.Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that they have asked for a date of evacuation from the NMC but they have not yet received any information about it. \"We are ready to provide bandobast but we need sufficient time to plan, assess the situation from a law and order point of view and be well-equipped,\" he said.The scrap dealers have maintained that they would demand alternative land and that a few of them went to the mantralaya on Thursday.Meanwhile, former corporator of Shiv Sena Dilip Datir, who had filed public interest litigation and had got a decision in his favour last year, said that he is prepared to knock the doors of the court if the scrap market stays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14861856", "title": "Why Steve Job's death affected people he never knew personally", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers say the profound sense of loss and public mourning that followed the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was a reflection of how great an impact he had on society and on the lives of individuals through the technology he helped to create.The magnitude and reasons for the outpouring of emotion upon his death by people who did not know him personally are explored in an article in Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking, a peer-reviewed journal published by Mary Ann Liebert, publishers.\"Steve Jobs touched so many people because he dared to be different, he was unconventional, he was brilliant, and that, combined with his uncompromising nature, resulted in a company whose products had no peer,\" said Liebert, CEO and Publisher.\"Very few of us know anyone like that personally, and when he died, a hero and a magician was gone,\" she added.\"We'll Miss You Steve: How the Death of a Technology Innovator Emotionally Impacts Those Who Use and Love his Digital Devices\" reviews three studies that explore people's emotional connections to technology and even to a particular device and how that relationship may extend beyond the technology to feelings of personal connectedness and loss when the relationship ends.Andrew Przybylski, University of Essex, Colchester , UK, compares and discusses the findings of studies conducted during the weeks following Steve Jobs' death in October 2011.The studies evaluated the types of people most likely to be emotionally impacted and how their psychological link to Apple devices relates to their sadness and overall response to Jobs' passing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14858935", "title": "Ban implementation may take few weeks", "text": "MUMBAI: The state ban on gutka and paan masala will not come into effect overnight. Highly-placed sources said it would be at least a fortnight before the state issues a notification announcing the ban. Manufacturers will be given time to manage stocks and resources.Maharashtra has been different from Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Kerala in the gutka ban process. It is the first to announce a ban on paan masala along with gutka and it will rope in the police to ensure implementation of the ban, which may take a few weeks to be effective.The sources said after the state government will issue a notification after it files a caveat. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the police will then have the power to enforce the ban.In other states, the public health ministry (of which the FDA is a part) enforces the ban. In Maharashtra, the FDA works independently but it has barely a few hundred food inspectors to enforce the ban. \"Hence, it will have the police helping it,\" an official said.\"Elaborate arrangements have been made,\" said FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade.According to the Control of Tobacco Products Act (COTPA), offenders can be fined Rs200. The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), under which the ban has been regulated, said offenders can face six months to three years in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14858148", "title": "UP villages to get 26 services through e-governance", "text": "LUCKNOW: Every village will now be able to receive 26 services through e-governance as early as possible. Its main aim is to make all official services available at low costs quickly and with utmost transparency through a common service centre.Divisional Commissioner Sanjeev Kumar Mittal said that government officials and employees will become more aware about e-governance through a national thematic regional workshop and IT industry will also gain widespread publicity.He said that as per the plan the pilot project of the board will be operating in Rae Bareli and Sitapur. Under the National e-governance plan (NEGP), 26 services will be provided to the masses.Mittal said that simplifying government processes by using Information Communication Technology (ICT) for the daily management related work is part of e-governance. \"We will be able to dream of a moral, transparent and a responsible government,\" said he.He added that in order to make e-governance successful it is essential to utilize the potential of public services by means of workshops and training programs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14857935", "title": "Weight-gain risk more in working women", "text": "LONDON: Career-driven women are more likely to put on weight as they prioritize office needs over their health, a new study has claimed.According to the scientific study women who work more than 35 hours every week are more likely to put on weight.Career-driven women are inclined to foresake healthy home-cooked food, exercise and sleeping for the office. As a result, many are at risk of piling on the pounds, the study said. The study also found that women who work more than 49 hours a week are much more likely to drink and smoke.The findings were revealed in a study into how employment status and the number of hours worked affects weight.The research, led by Nicole Au, from the Centre for Health and Economics at Monash University, Melbourne, analysed 9,276 women aged 45-50 over two years. Findings showed 55% put on weight in that time, with the average women gaining 1.5% of her initial weight, the Daily Mail reported.Some were also reported to have experienced 'extreme' amounts of weight gain. And those most likely to experience the problem were working more than 35 hours a week.Au put the findings down to women spending less time maintaining their health and fitness levels. \"This study highlights the increasing number of women entering the workforce and the effects on their ability to maintain a healthy weight. Longer work hours may reduce the time spent preparing home-cooked meals, exercising and sleeping which are risk factors for obesity,\" she said.\"Policies that assist women who work long hours to reduce the time costs of sustaining a healthy diet and physical activity routine may have positive benefits,\" Au added.The research, published in the International Journal of Obesity, also found women working more than 49 hours were more likely to smoke and drink alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14856770", "title": "Central Pollution Control Board serves closure notice on Aska sugar", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has served a closure notice on Aska Cooperative Sugar Industries Limited (ACSIL), the oldest sugar factory in the cooperative sector in the state at Aska in Ganjam district.Pointing out several deficiencies in pollution control measures by the industry, found by a team of the board which visited the unit in March, the CPCB notice, a copy of which is with TOI, threatened to take appropriate action against the unit without giving any further notice, in case of default in complying with the closure order. The board had issued an ultimatum to the organization in November, allowing it time to operate the distillery unit till February this year, during which time ACSIL was supposed to get its anti-pollution act together.The CPCB team pointed out the unit has not taken steps to install an effluent treatment plant (ETP) and zero discharge system, including a composting yard. \"The unit is operating a distillery plant without adequate ETP, which is posing a serious threat to surface and ground water,\" the CPCB observed.Ganjam district collector Krishan Kumar, also the president of ACSIL managing committee, said, however, the organization is trying to meet anti-pollution control measures pointed out by CPCB. \"The pollution control process has already been initiated. We will meet the green norms soon,\" he said.Besides processing sugarcane for about five months in a year, the 50-year-old unit runs a distillery unit to produce rectified spirit. Around one lakh people, including sugarcane farmers of Ganjam district, are dependent upon the factory for their livelihood. Ganjam district sugarcane growers' association general secretary Samir Pradhan said the government should intervene for smooth running of the industry as around one lakh families are dependent on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14859067", "title": "Liver transplant makes 61-yr-old \u2018young again\u2019", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Executive registrar of Mudra Institute of Communication and Advertising KGK Pillai, 61, has recently got a three-year extension. This, after he got a fresh lease of life when a 21-year-old youth's liver was implanted in him in 2008.The liver of the young man, who died in an accident, has miraculously reversed ageing. Pillai's hair have turned from grey to black, his wrinkles are gone and he is no longer dependent on diabetes drugs.Four years after the transplant in Chennai, 61-year-old Pillai says, \"I don't just look young, I feel like reborn as a young man.\" He is happy his complexion has also improved thanks Dr Anand Khakhar \u2014 a transplant surgeon in Chennai who belongs to Rajkot \u2014 for the transformation.\"I used to take medicine for diabetes for 12 years. After the transplant, I am off drugs as my sugar levels are mysteriously under control,\" says Pillai, who takes morning walks every day.Doctors say that the blackening of hair and renewed energy experienced by Pillai can be attributed to availability of nutrition to the body as liver functions have normalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14856539", "title": "Vice-chancellor visits Aligarh Muslim University centre at Chelamala", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The new vice-chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), Zameeruddin Shah, who visited AMU's south India campus at Chelamala near Perinthalmanna, on Thursday, said the centre would offer students facilities of international standard.It was for the first time that the VC was visiting the campus. He was accompanied by the director of the centre, P Muhammed.Shah promised the officials here that all issues related to the development work of the centre would be resolved soon. He said he had discussed all issues related to the centre with chief minister Oommen Chandy.\"The chief minister has promised that he would intervene to solve all issues related to the centre,\" he said.Shah met Chandy in Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday and told him that the delay in approving the project and releasing of funds were hindering the development of the centre.\"We are planning to complete all the work by this month end. Classes will commence in August at the centre,\" he said.It was in June last that the university shifted its campus and buildings from the rented buildings in Perinthalmanna town to the Chelamala campus.Classes in the new campus are now functioning in a temporary building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857467", "title": "Arabic helps women find their feet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Religion and its interpretation, perceived to be the exclusive domain of men, are undergoing a sea change primarily catalysed by women. With women picking up exegesis of the Quran and commentaries on the hadith (traditions of the Prophet Mohammad), they are trying to strike a balance between religion and modernity and are disseminating the acquired knowledge freely.In the past, Arabic, the liturgical language of Islam, was known to only a handful. Though the Quran was read abundantly, its true meaning was rarely understood. Silently fuelling their desire for knowledge are study groups comprising women scattered across the city. Members of these groups say that the change has come as a result of knowledge explosion, Islamophobia and the woman's search of a religious and cultural identity. They added that the numbers attending their sessions has been steadily increasing.Sadia Sayeed, who started studying the Quran six months ago said, \"I was getting different views and opinions from various scholars on a subject so I decided to read the texts. First hand information is any day better.\" Parveen Fatima, a mass communication graduate, too echoed Sayeed's opinion. \"There are a plethora of books available with different interpretations on the same subject. While all of them are correct, it becomes easier to understand if they are read in the original language, in this case Arabic.\"Many women have started attending classes in Arabic offered by various institutions or are learning the language from those qualified to do so from the comfort of their homes. Islamic scholars and Islamic bookstore owners pointed out that though the movement started in the early 90's, it has gained momentum only now.Syed Shakeel from Huda Book Depot said, \"A huge number of women have been buying exegesis of the Quran, the most popular being those of Abdullah Yusuf Ali and Maulana Maududi. There are books on human and women's rights in Islam which are hits too. Those who don't wish to buy books read the online versions which are easily available on the internet. Further, the increase in number of madrassas has brought about awareness.\"However, many noted that giving a free hand to women in matters of interpreting and understanding texts happens usually in educated families. But there were barriers for women from lower income groups. Sarwat Aleem Khan, a member of one such study group quickly pointed out a verse from the Quran in which Moses had treated his wife like a confidante.\"This has been repeated six times in the Quran. The problem arises when women aren't aware of rights given to them by their own religion. For example, very few women know that they don't have to take the husband's permission to spend money they have earned. It is important that women themselves take up the task of disseminating information because the perception will be woman-centric and easily understood by other women,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858298", "title": "'With no security chip, high security registration plate is a scam'", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party has said that under the new high security registration plate (HSRP) tender contract, the HSRP provides no security to the vehicles and termed it as a \" 300 cr racket\".Addressing mediapersons, former state Youth Congress president Sankalp Amonkar said that the HSRP does not provide any security \"as the plates have no chip or coding\".Amonkar said the number plate painter's association members - who will be affected by the implementation of the HSRP - had met him recently and said they are willing to provide uniform number plates for 150-200, almost half the price of the HSRP.Terming the HSRP tender contract \"a big racket between the government and the company\" he questioned what would be the fate of the people who had fitted HSRPs at exorbitant rates under the previous contract. \"Will the government return their money?\" he questioned.Amonkar claimed the earlier agitation in 2009 was supported by the BJP and leaders like Damu Naik, Govind Parvatkar and Matanhy Saldanha participated in it. Why are the BJP leaders keeping silent on the issue now that the it is in power, he questioned.Amonkar said \"it was the responsibility of the government to provide the HSRP plates (with the security chip) free to the people as it was a matter of people's safety.\" He claimed this was being done in other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14860824", "title": "Jism 2 track credited to wrong singer", "text": "Controversies surrounding Pooja Bhatt's upcoming production,Jism 2,seem to be never ending.The latest being the already popular song Abhi Abhi has been wrongly credited to Shreya Ghoshal in the album.The real singer Akriti Kakkar isnt too happy.Akriti told TOI, I sang the Abhi Abhi duet with KK.The production house had already recorded a song with Shreya Ghoshal earlier.They asked me to sing it again,perhaps for a different tone or a replacement.After the recording, Arko Mukherjee,the composer,called me up to praise my rendition. But later,Akriti discovered no one knew she had sung the song.A couple of days back,a fan asked me to confirm the song is sung by me.I looked it up on internet and found the song sung by me was credited to Shreya, said the singer,adding that all current CDs have Shreyas name.Pooja owned up to the misprint saying,Akriti's version was never meant to be on the album.It had to be Shreya's.The next batch of CDs will have Shreya's voice as mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14858056", "title": "Gold jewellery looted from house in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Unidentified men looted 41.25 sovereigns of gold jewellery from a house in Krishnamoorthy Nagar late on Wednesday night, but the incident came to light only on Thursday morning.Police said that R Peter (53), a computer engineer, his wife Sahayarani and another woman were fast asleep in the house when the thieves allegedly entered the house. They had gained entry into the house after levering the door with an iron rod. They then entered the room where Peter was sleeping, but he did not wake up even after hearing the noise. Utilising the opportunity, they took the almirah key kept under his pillow and looted the gold ornaments weighing 41.25 sovereigns.When Peter woke up on Thursday morning, he was shocked to see the jewellery missing and informed the K K Nagar police. The police rushed to the spot and took fingerprint samples and registered a case.The theft is a second of its kind in a week. On Sunday night, thieves looted 11 sovereigns of gold from three houses in Vasan Nagar on Vayalur Road. In both the incidents, the culprits used levers to break open the doors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861844", "title": "Gwyneth Paltrow to produce 'cancer telethon'", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow has stepped in to replace Laura Ziskin as the executive producer of a 'cancer telethon' after the moviemaker lost her battle with the disease last year.Ziskin co-founded Stand Up To Cancer (SUTC), a charity to raise research funds, during her health battle, but passed away in June 2011.The organisation has been supported by two telethons since its inception in 2008, with stars including Michael Douglas , Jennifer Aniston and Halle Berry taking part - and now Paltrow, whose father lost his fight with cancer in 2002, has been unveiled as an executive producer for the 2012 fundraiser, the Daily Express reported.\"This broadcast has become a global call-to-action for all those touched by cancer. Like so many people, I know what it's like to lose a family member to this disease, and I'm honoured to stand up in my father's memory,\" she said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856782", "title": "Order to ensure public participation in population fortnight", "text": "VARANASI: A series of events are being organised in the district during population stabilization fortnight from July 11 to 24.The World Population Day was observed on July 11. The health department is going to hold awareness rally, debate and essay competitions in academic institutions on July 13 and 14. It would be followed by Dharam Guru sammelan on July 16, healthy baby show at the block-level on July 17 and meetings of gram pradhans at block-level on July 18. Saas-bahu sammelan would be held at block/community health centres on July 20 while a film on family welfare would be screened on July 21.District magistrate Saurabh Babu had instructed the chief medical officer to ensure public participation in these programme.Centre for Population Education Research and Extension (CPERE), the department of community medicine, Institute of Medical Sciences, BHU , organised a meeting of women at Madao village on Wednesday as part of World Population Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858127", "title": "Manmohan Singh speaks to CPI leaders about Vice-President poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sounded out CPI general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy and senior party leader A B Bardhan about re-nominating Hamid Ansari for the vice-president's post. The Congress is trying to build up a consensus before announcing its vice-presidential nominee.The leaders, though, were non-committal to the PM. Speaking to TOI, CPI's Rajya Sabha MP D Raja said, \"The party central secretariat will meet on July 18, where a formal decision on the candidate for the vice-president's post will be taken.\" The vice-presidential poll will be held on August 7.CPI sources though said the party has no objection to Ansari as vice-presidential candidate. Left parties had proposed Ansari's name for his first stint as VP. Like the CPM, the CPI, too, is opposed to a Congress candidate as vice-president.Earlier, the PM had spoken to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat about the vice-presidential poll.Speaking to reporters in Chennai, Karat said, \"We told the Prime Minister that we would like to have a person who does not belong to Congress party to be the vice-president.\"He pointed out that it was for the UPA to decide its candidate for the vice-president's post. However, he said, the candidate should have a \"stature and a distinguished background\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14858077", "title": "Fake fertilizer unit busted in Athoor", "text": "MADURAI: A fake fertilizer manufacturing unit was busted and sealed by revenue and agriculture officials in Bommanampatti in Athoor union in Dindigul district, on Thursday. Farmers have demanded that stringent action be taken against persons manufacturing fake fertilizers that spoil the quality of the soil and hinder agricultural activities in the long run.Farmers in Bommanampatti village of Dindigul district lodged a complaint with the Athoor tahsildar alleging suspicious movement of lorries, from a non-functional godown in their village and that vehicles plying in the night were seen carrying loads of white bags.Swinging into action, the tahsildar, agricultural officers and police led by Sempatti sub-inspector Sandhana Bose raided the godown. They found that the place contained bags of seaweed, urea and chemicals, filled in 50-kg bags. The bags were branded DAP and the place of manufacture was shown as Lalapet in Guntur in Andhra Pradesh. But, when the police questioned the men who were present in the godown, they confessed that they were manufacturing the fertilizer for an industrialist from Kappalur in Madurai district and said that they were distributing the fake fertilizer throughout the state.The officials seized 12 tonnes of this fake fertilizer, a lorry in which the bags were loaded and also a minivan in which chemicals were brought to the site. Pandi, a farmer from Bommanampatti, alleged that the manufacture of illegal fertilizers was a big scam as there was acute shortage of fertilizers at present.Ramachandran J Pudukottai said such activities could not take place without the knowledge of fertilizer control officers. Fertilizer checks have now been intensified in the state. He said they had seen such activities for the last seven months and informed the police, but no action was taken.Farmers Murugan of Nadupatti and Alauddin of Athoor said such fake fertilizers could affect soil, rendering it barren. Monsoons were failing and agriculture was hit, they said, and added that such fertilizers only aggravated the damage.Farmers have said they would take this up in a big way and stage demonstrations if the persons responsible for this fake fertilizer manufacture were not brought to book immediately. A few months ago, a fake liquor unit was busted at Kalikkampatti a few km away from here but no one has been arrested so far. Sempatti police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14858869", "title": "Traffic bottleneck along BRTS corridor", "text": "INDORE: Traffic bottlenecks along the under construction Bus Rapid Transit ( BRT) corridor along the Niranjanpur to Rajiv Gandhi square have been posing great inconvenience to the motorists over the past several months. Despite several mishaps, some fatal ones the authorities have not yet woken up to take corrective action.Niranjanpur Crossing: The BRTS corridor starts from this crossing and it witness heavy movement of trucks and heavy commercial vehicles all the times. Scores of heavy vehicles pass through this crossing and the roads narrowed by the construction activity and encroachments affect free movement of vehicles. Large number of trucks coming from Dewas road side, MR 11 and Bypass, crossing each lead to traffic jams. Most of the time light vehicles are sandwiched between the heavy vehicles and have to wait long time for way. MP pollution control board ( MPPCB) has also reported that presence of suspended particles is very high at this point.The condition of the road is bad along this stretch and water logging is common even during summer. Right now roads are dug up on both sides making it difficult and risky for two wheeler or cars to veer around a little bit. If these were not enough then public transport buses and Tata Magic vehicles are parked just on the road along the traffic obstructing flow of traffic. Light commercial vehicles are also parked on the middle of the road. A petrol pump situated just on the crossing also obstructs free vehicular movement. RITES, the agency which had prepared comprehensive mobility plan (CMP) for the city has suggested relocation of petrol pump and bus stops from near the crossing.Executive engineer of indore development authority (IDA), Ashutosh Mudgal said that the road ahead of Nirajanpur crossing is under the public works department (PWD), however to deal with the heavy movement of commercial vehicles they are planning to construct a junction on the square and install traffic signals to streamline the flow of traffic. He was not in position to tell about the exact time by what time junction will be constructed on the crossing.Presently the crossing does not have any traffic signal and in the name of junction it has just a big size truck tyre placed on the middle of the road.Vijay Nagar Square: Over size rotary on this particular crossing is proving to be the biggest obstacle for the flow of traffic. Buses coming from Ring Road, mostly Bhopal bound buses have to take a u-turn that slows down traffic regularly. Besides, vehicles coming from Sathya Sai crossing hinder those taking a turn. Similarly vehicles coming from Sayaji Hotel side conflict with traffic on the opposite direction.Adding to the woes of motorists are the city that buses pick up passengers from the crossing itself. Outstation buses also stops at the crossing to pick up passengers while taxies and Tata magic vehicles are permanently parked on the crossing. Some Tata Magic vehicles are always parked in front of Sharma Sweeta, Mangal City Mall, RTO office and crossing. On road parking of autos and Tata Magic hardly leave space for the movement of vehicles. No traffic cops are stationed here and crossing has no traffic signal.Executive engineer of IDA, Ashutosh Mudgal said that they have repeatedly complained to the RTO and collector about parking on the road by Tata Magics and autos. Action is taken and within few days of it these vehicles return back.After complain they take action for few days then Tata Magic comes back on road after few days. \"We have raised this issue several time in meetings,\" said Mudgal.On the over size rotary he said that as per the design given to them rotary will continue to be as it is and there will be no changes will be made. However, he fell short of words to explain how BRTS buses will move freely in the presence of over size rotary. \"Design has suggest to retain the rotary, in fact we will make few more rotary on BRTS. Initially one junction will be made at Rasoma Laboratories which can be further converted into rotary,\" said Mudgal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14856914", "title": "Provide jobs, water to drought-hit: Shettar", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar seems to have taken up the prevailing drought as a challenge.Addressing his first news conference after taking charge on Thursday, Shettar said his first priority will be tackling the drought that has hit more than half of Karnataka. Special emphasis will be given to providing drinking water.Later, Shettar held a meeting with secretaries and directed them to rise to the challenge of providing clean drinking water and employment to people, besides fodder to cattle, in the next two months. He sought a report from the chief secretary on the drought and also suggestions on what action the government should take to provide relief. He will hold a detailed meeting on the situation on Friday.Sources in the CM office's said Shettar is also planning to embark on a tour of drought-affected districts. He will later go to New Delhi to request the Centre to release more funds for relief works.Asked about the nine affected districts not finding representation in his ministry, Shettar said he will soon name district ministers, who can oversee drought-relief measures.The opposition is likely to rake up the issue in the legislature session beginning July 16.Worst drought in 40 yearsNew deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa said: \"We believe that the drought situation in certain regions is the worst in 40 years. In some areas, the situation is close to that of famine. We are at the emergency stage which precedes famine. But the situation can still improve.\"R Ashoka, the other deputy CM, said bureaucrats have been not providing the government enough data and information on the drought. \"We are largely relying on media reports. Officials should ensure that the government gets all information so that we can act early and accordingly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858554", "title": "No major break yet in abduction case", "text": "COIMBATORE: The special team of the city police, probing the abduction case where a 6-year-old is suspected to have been kidnapped by two men who have links to a large child trafficking racket, seems to be going in circles in Palakkad, Kerala, without any major breakthroughs.The main accused 32 year old Selvam, was high on ganja when he was initially arrested and handed over to the city police along with the six year old victim. The attempt to locate a sex worker allegedly involved in the racket in Palakkad took them to the door steps of another sex worker whom Selvam used to frequent but who was not involved in the abduction. The team has now returned back to Palakkad to locate the woman and is presently camping in there until Friday, when they will return to Coimbatore.\"The initial information we got from Selvam did not make much sense as all the addresses turned out to be false. The culprit was high when he give his initial statements. We are trying to ascertain the motive behind the crime,\" said T Srinivasalu, Inspector, Sai Baba Colony police station.Selvam had initially given the address of a woman by the name Meenakshi in Palakkad but it proved to be a false lead. He had also taken the names and addresses of more girls from Tirupur and Erode and the police crosschecked with their counterparts in Tirupur and Erode but all proved to be false leads.\"We believe that he had abducted the girl from the school with the intention of selling her to some agent. But we are trying to confirm the motive and his intentions,\" said AK Vishwanathan, City Police Commissioner, Coimbatore.The police are now trying to retain him under police custody to get more concrete information from his accomplice Subramanian who has also fallen into the police net. As per police sources, the duo might be involved in the abduction of about six girls from Coimbatore, Erode and Tirupur but claimed it was a bit early to come to a final conclusion at the moment.\"Selvam's accomplice has given another address which is now being verified in Palakkad. He has claimed that this woman is also a sex worker and she might be the actual link to the racket for which they were operating,\" said a senior police official.Senior city police officials claimed that the abducted girl was not inflicted any bodily harm by Selvam and his accomplice after she was abducted and subsequently rescued from their clutches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14859241", "title": "LIG crossing: Dug up roads, debris add to chaos", "text": "INDORE: Partially dug up roads, construction material and debris piled up along the road apart from the painfully slow construction work of Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridors and encroachment has turned driving into a painful exercise for most Indoreans. LIG crossing, an important junction where several roads intersect each other is another nightmare for the motorists.Dug up road, debris piled along road side and absence of proper demarcation of construction area are inviting accidents. \"Since January this year nine people, including three engineering students, have died in accidents between Palasia to Orbit Mall,\" said Praful Joshi of Save Life Cycle adding that accidents will continue on this section of road due to rash driving and poor safety measures.Construction of a bridge at LIG Gurudwara is underway for more than six months now and by the pace of work it seems that it will take another six months to be complete. To cover the construction site there are just few barricades that too placed few days back after the outrage from residents over the death of a college student.When IDA official were asked about the demarcating and covering the construction site, they simply said that the contractor was asked to take necessary safety measures and barricades have been put in place.In addition to this debris along road side and construction materials prove a major hindrance to traffic. As if this was not enough, the crossing do not have enough lighting and visibility is very low near Gurudwara in the night and many vehicles skid down the road or ram into the dividers.Presence of wine shops on the crossing cause huge traffic obstacle as dozens of vehicles are parked on the road and some use the vehicles to consume liquor.Police claims that regular action is taken against the vehicles parked illegally on the roads near the wine shops, but reality is far from police claims.Meanwhile, the BRTS work has reached a dead end following the delay in relocating the Gurudwara and Chhoti Khajarani Mosque. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) claims that talks are on with gurudwara and mosque committees and said that the issue would be settled. On the other hand, the gurudwara committee said that talks with IMC has not moved ahead, while the mosque committee is learnt to be insisting on a change in design of the road refusing to give up land possessed by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857828", "title": "Jet's Kolkata evening flight off today", "text": "RANCHI: The Jet Airways' Kolkata-Ranchi-Kolkata evening flight (9W-2858-2859) will be suspended on Friday. The daily flight takes off from Kolkata at 5.40pm and arrives here at 6.50pm. After 30 minutes, the flight takes off from Ranchi airport and reaches Kolkata at 8.30pm, airport sources said. It is common in rainy season for the airlines to suspend flights as they are taken for maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857450", "title": "Metro asks chief minister to help chop trees", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro has requested chief minister Sheila Dikshit to help it speed up the process of felling around 16,000 trees under its third phase.Dikshit has directed the forest department to find a quick solution but sources in the government say the matter is likely to take long to settle.For each tree that the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) cuts for its construction work, it has to compensate by planting ten trees. However, in this case the forest department has reportedly turned down the land that was offered by the DDA to DMRC for plantation. Now, it has asked DMRC to instead pay Rs 28,000 per tree for planting of these trees.As per DMRC's list submitted to the forest department on June 28 it needs clearance to cut some 1,468 trees on Central Secretariat to Kashmere Gate corridor, another 8,030 trees on Yamuna Vihar- Mukundpur corridor and 6,338 trees on Janakpuri-Botanical garden corridor, taking the total to 15,836 trees. However, on inspection the forest department found another 1,000 odd trees, taking the total figure to over 16,000.Desperate to meet its deadline, DMRC first approached DDA to grant it land to plant the compensatory trees so that it gets the required permission. The DDA did give 70 hectares of land near Tilpit valley but the forest department turned down the offer finding the land unsuitable .\"Ours is one of the greenest capital. We are co-operating with DMRC as we want the Metro to come up in time but they must fulfill the required obligations,\" said Dikshit.Also, top sources have revealed that of the total lot some 446 trees fall under the area which has apex court ruling against cutting of trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14856704", "title": "Three children found abandoned Bheemgarh Khedi", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another case of children being abandoned in the city, two boys and a girl, between the ages of two to six, were found inside a colony in Bheemgarh Khedi on Wednesday evening. At the moment, residents of the colony are taking care of the children.Residents of the colony had reached the Sector 5 police station with the children, where they were told to care of the children till their parents were located. \"We are taking the children to nearby colonies hoping that someone would identify them, but as of now, no one has come forward to claim them,\" said Rupendra Sharma, a resident of the colony.A senior police officer said that they trying to search for the parents and will hopefully contact them at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856382", "title": "Kochi\u2019s master plan sans prestigious Metro project", "text": "KOCHI: If you thought our civic bodies serve the best interests of citizens, here's further proof that they are just hot air.The prestigious Kochi metro, which received the centre's nod last week after a near decade-long struggle, does not figure in the master plans of either the corporation or the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA), which has been moving heaven and earth for a berth on the director board of the Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL).Even as the state is getting ready to begin the construction work, the corporation and the GCDA have maintained that they were clueless about developments associated with the project.Surprisingly, even a project such as the second phase of Marine Drive development, which has not even received the all important environmental clearance, figures in GCDA's Vision 2030 plan!The Kochi corporation, meanwhile, has claimed that they have not received metro's alignment and consequently has failed to include the same in their master plan. According to Kochi mayor Tony Chammany, the corporation does not have a clear picture regarding the alignment of Kochi metro. \"Apart from holding discussions related to the construction of the North Railway Overbridge, and the agreement to provide nine cents of land near Town Hall, no major talks have been held between Kochi corporation and metro authorities. The corporation is yet to get the final alignment of the metro project,\" he said.The corporation said they required the final alignment, including details of land required for stations and parking lots, and associated buildings. Town planning committee chairman K J Sohan pointed out the civic body required data regarding consumption of electricity, water and disposal of waste and debris. These details are required while including the project in the master plan for the city.With many water, power and civic projects in various stages of planning and execution, the metro maze may turn out to be huge headache for the civic body, which also has the responsibility of clarifying doubts on the impact of construction activities. \"It's equally important to know how vehicles, especially fire engines and ambulances, will travel through the city when the actual work begins. We have to bring in various government departments and agencies and work out a strategy. But this may take time,\" he added.Though the corporation, nine neighbouring municipalities and 21 panchayats fall under the GCDA, the authority has not received updates about changes to metro's alignment. \"The metro passes through regions which are under the GCDA. It is currently being executed as an isolated project. We have not included it in the Vision 2030 project,\" said GCDA chairman N Venugopal, adding that the plan includes the suburban railway scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856711", "title": "Bank manager, customer booked for fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: The Tehsil police have registered offences of cheating and fraud against manager of a nationalized bank and a customer who procured loan of Rs13 lakh allegedly by furnishing false signature of guarantors required for the formalities of sanction.Accused Lalit Sood had approached a Gandhibagh-based bank for a loan. In September 2001, Lalit's loan amount needed sanction and for the purpose he was expected to bring a guarantor to substantiate the claims. Lalit fraudulently procured the signature of his elder brother Dr Sanjay without his knowledge.Police sources said initially Lalit was paying installment of the loan interest regularly. But after some time he started defaulting. Consequently, the bank sent a letter to Dr Sanjay whose name and signature were present as a guarantor. Dr Sanjay, realizing something amiss, approached the police to report the matter. The cops registered an offence after Dr Sanjay's signature did not tally with the one present on the guarantee form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857397", "title": "Charkopnagar Fanatics romp to victory", "text": "MUMBAI: Charkopnagar Fanatics had an easy outing as they tamed Anand Bal Mitra Mandal 4-1 in a Third Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League, at the St. Xavier's ground, Parel on Thursday.Both Siddesh Thorat and B Nandkumar netted a brace each for the victors. Sanjay Marchande scored the consolation goal for the losers. In another match, Barcode SC and Durham FC played out a 1-1 draw.Results: Charkopnagar Fanatics 4 (Siddesh Thorat 2, Binoy Nandkumar 2) beat Anand Bal Mitra Mandal 1 (Sanjay Marchande); Barcode SC 1 (Abhay Kumar) drew with Durham FC 1 (Snedown Pereira).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857534", "title": "Yet another leader denied meeting with Jagan in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jammu and Kashmir National Panthers Party chairman Bhim Singh on Thursday made an attempt to meet YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy at Chanchalguda jail but was refused permission for the same. Singh was allowed into the administrative building where he was informed that it would not be possible for him to meet Jagan.tnnLater, talking to the media, Singh said that he had come to meet Jagan with an offer of any additional legal assistance should he find that useful. He also claimed that he had prior permission from Supreme Court to visit Jagan in jail but the jail authorities were not too impressed by his claim.It may be mentioned here that Singh had recently announced that his party would support PA Sangma in the upcoming Presidential election. \"I have not come to speak to Jagan about that. My visit is of a personal nature,\" he said.In the morning, Jagan's mother Vijayamma and wife Bharati met the Kadapa MP in jail along with Anakapalli MP Sabbam Hari. \"I came to meet him because it has been a long time since I last did,\" Sabbam Hari said.Former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, also lodged at Chanchalguda jail, too, had visitors. Guntur MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao met both Mopidev and industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad. \"We are asking the government to provide legal assistance to Mopidevi as it did with the other ministers,\" he said.Rayapati refused to entertain questions about Tara Chowdhary who has made allegations against him saying, \"I do not want to speak about her and everyone knows why she has been to jail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14857511", "title": "Protest by government officials affects normal business", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Work at the East Singhbhum deputy commissioner (DC's) office and Dhalbhum sub-divisional (SD) office was affected for large part of the day on Thursday owing to a protest by non-gazetted officers who shunned work demanding arrest of the JMM leader Ramesh Hansda, who had allegedly assaulted a clerk following altercation over issuance of caste certificate on Wednesday.Scores of Army job aspirants, who had come to the SDO's office seeking residential certificates among other documents, had to face difficulties owing to the protest by the government personnel. However, following intervention by deputy commissioner Himani Pandey and SDO Subodh Prasad, the agitating staff relented and returned to work but not without imposing conditions.\"Given that documents need to be issued in the next two days to the applicants, we had urged the protesting employees to return to work and they relented,\" said the SDO. According to the SDO, the protesting employees have postponed their agitation for two days and have sought the JMM leader's arrest within the specified time frame or else they shall resort to agitation following the expiry of the deadline.The ongoing district-wise recruitment drive of the Army in the city has fixed July 15 for the recruitment examination of the East Singhbhum candidates. \"Large part of the day was wasted owing to the protest of the government employees. Let's hope tomorrow we will be able to get our work done,\" said an aspirant. One of the protesting employees said they do not want to spoil the future of the job seeking youths and hence decided to return to work.On the other hand, a JMM delegation met the DC and submitted a memorandum seeking probe into the alleged irregularities by clerk Babulal Tuddu, who was allegedly assaulted by the district JMM president, Ramesh Hansda. Bistupur police station officer in-charge, A K Rai was not available for comment on whether Hansda has been arrested or not. But sources in the police said although there was no arrest so far, efforts are on to reach a compromise between the warring groups.On Wednesday, Hansda beat up Tuddu, employed in the SDO office, following a brawl over caste certificate. Tuddu claimed the politician sought undue favours while Hansda claimed he was prevented from speaking in Santhali language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14857851", "title": "Spot Alzheimer's 25 years before onset", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have found five key signs of Alzheimer's that can be detected up to 25 years before the onset of the degenerative disease, %a finding which they say could lead to its early diagnosis and treatment.A team at Washington University School of Medicine who looked at families with a genetic risk of the disease assembled a \"timeline\" of the unseen progress of Alzheimer's much before the symptoms appear, researchers said. Experts believe the ability to detect Alzheimer's early would give the best chance of a successful treatment, BBC News reported.The study involved 128 people from the UK, US and Australia, who had a 50% chance of inheriting one of three mutations certain to cause early Alzheimer's, which often develops in people during their 30s and 40s.This is much earlier than the more common form which generally affects people in their 60s. Those who carry the mutations will go on to develop the disease.The researchers took into account the age of the participants' parents when they developed the disease - and therefore how many years it was likely to be before they too showed symptoms.Scientists underwent blood and spinal fluid tests as well as brain scans and mental ability assessments.The earliest change - a drop in spinal fluid levels of the key ingredient of Alzheimer's brain plaques - can be detected 25 years before the anticipated age of disease onset, they suggested.Raised levels of tau, a structural protein in brain cells can be seen in spinal fluid at 15 years, and shrinkage can also be detected within parts of the brain.Scientists suggest that changes in the brain's use of the sugar glucose and slight memory problems become apparent 10 years before symptoms would appear.Researchers also tested other members of the families without the inherited mutations - and found no changes in the markers they tested for.This important research highlights that key changes in the brain, linked to the inherited form of Alzheimer's disease, happen decades before symptoms show, which may have major implications for diagnosis and treatment in the future,\" Clive Ballard, director of research at the Alzheimer's Society, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858357", "title": "Govt schools to get safer with grills and fences", "text": "PANAJI: During the academic year 2012-13, the Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) is set to invest 2.72 crore in not only upgrading existing infrastructure in government primary schools, but also to address the issue of safety of the students in these institutions. Eighty-seven schools will get verandah grills costing 30.45 lakh and another 16 will get compound walls at the cost of 64 lakh. Electrical equipment will also be upgraded in as many as 60 schools at a total cost of 12 lakh.\"Total cost of all the civil works to be undertaken during this financial year would cost the Goa SSA around 271.72 lakh. Most of these works would be taken up by the village education committee of the schools,\" Goa SSA project director Farell Furtado said.Civil works that cost upto 5 lakh, like fixing of verandah grills and construction of the compound walls, will be undertaken by the village education committees. Works that cost above 5 lakh will be taken up by the public works department, which is construction of separate rooms for headmasters in four schools at the total cost of 24.20 lakh.In addition to these works, as many as 50 schools are set to get additional classrooms, which will cost the Goa SSA 76 lakh. Ramps for disabled children will also be provided during the current academic year in five schools at the cost of 30,000 each.\"The idea behind formation of the village education committees under the SSA programme was community mobilization. The committee is expected to encourage community participation and motivate them to provide assistance in any form possible for the betterment of the village schools,\" Furtado said. Progress of the civil works will be monitored by the block resource persons and cluster resource persons of the Goa SSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856771", "title": "Health department books 7 more hawkers", "text": "NAGPUR: Started with the purpose of maintaining cleanliness and hygiene, seven hawkers dumping garbage on roadside were booked on the second day of night patrolling by the health department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). On the first day, the department had penalized six hawkers.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir said on Wednesday night, NMC officials caught six hawkers in Civil Lines area and one near WCL square. A fine of Rs2,900 was recovered from them. The patrolling team was tracking garbage dumps across the city between 9pm and 12 midnight. The hawkers were found dumping food and other items in nearby nullahs and on spots where they install their stalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14858943", "title": "Pakistani soldier crossed LoC for lady love?", "text": "JAMMU: A 19-year-old unarmed Pakistani solider was caught after he crossed the Line of Control at Kerni in J&K;'s Poonch district on Thursday.Sources said an army patrol caught Arif Ali, who was in civvies, and later handed him over to the J&K; police for interrogation. He belongs to Pakistan army's 25 Frontier Force and is a resident of Kahuta area of PoK. J&K; Police sources said Rs 3,306 in Pakistani currency were recovered from him along with two SIM cards and a photo identification card.There were conflicting reports over his intrusion with a TV channel reporting he crossed over to seek asylum after he was denied leave. Another report said he had crossed over to meet someone he had fallen in love with. But a top Army officer pleading anonymity said his preliminary questioning has revealed his identity as Arif Ali and place of posting \u2014 Saif-ul-Lah along the LoC.He denied reports that he had crossed over to meet a woman but there was no official word on reports that he had sought asylum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857916", "title": "'Lawyers should make conveyance documents'", "text": "PUNE: The practise of touts or agents preparing conveyance documents is illegal and it should be stopped with immediate effect, said Ashish Deshmukh, vice-chairman of the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa. The council will request the state government to curb this practice and authorise only lawyers to formally draw up conveyance documents, he added.Deshmukh, who paid a visit to the district and sessions court here on Wednesday, said the council has taken this initiative to prevent people from getting cheated, because in a large number of cases the documents are challenged in the courts for various reasons.The council will hand over a memorandum in this regard to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar at the state lawyers' conference here on July 14, he added.Quoting a Supreme Court ruling, Deshmukh said that if a search report prepared by a lawyer is found to be faulty then he/she is liable for action. However, in the case of private persons preparing legal documents, like sale deeds, mortgage deeds, etc, there is no mechanism to keep a tab on their activities. Also, they do not issue any certificate about the genuineness of the document or its content.Deshmukh said the issue was raised in the council meeting after receiving a complaint from the Mahad bar association recently that a stamp vendor had displayed rates for preparing conveyance documents. Council chairman Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh and others paid a surprise visit to the vendor to verify the complaint.\"People involved in buying and selling properties should approach lawyers for preparing the documents. The government should make it mandatory that at the time of registration before a sub-registrar the documents should be endorsed by the lawyer, along with his remarks. The council wants to ensure that no doubts are raised regarding the genuineness of the documents,\" Deshmukh said.People in Marathwada use the services of lawyers for preparing conveyance documents, Deshmukh said. The Karnataka government has made it mandatory that documents should be prepared by lawyers; not by touts or middlemen, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856812", "title": "SSP takes charge of traffic arrangements for Shrawan", "text": "VARANASI: The commuters may get some relief on the coming Mondays of Shrawan because SSP B D Paulson has taken the command of traffic for the festive month.Massive traffic jams take place in the city when the markets and offices reopen on Mondays. The Monday factor becomes more problematic during Shrawan every year, when thousands of Kanwariyas and devotees throng the city to offer religious rituals at Kashi Vishwanath and other temples of Lord Shiva. In order to void problems for the devotees and pilgrims,the vehicular movement on the roads leading to Kashi Vishwanath temple and Dashaswamedh Ghat is stopped from Lahurabir, Maidain, Sonarpura, Ramapura and Luxa crossings.The traffic of these routes is diverted to the already busy Cantonment railway station-Lanka road. The CO traffic said that due to the reserving of one lane of Allahabad-Chandauli highway for Kanwariyas, traffic on Mudaila-Mohansarai bypass road was also diverted to Cantt railway station-Lanka road this time. It further worsened the situation.The cops admitted that no diversion plans had been planned for this road due to which problems increased for commuters when the traffic load increased during working hours.The CO said that the civil police spared by the police stations to assist in traffic regulation exercise had been engaged in Shrawan on law and order duty. The CO and TI were asked to escort the fleet of a governor who visited the city on first Monday. He said that 24 traffic police had also been deployed at 24 points on the outskirts from where heavy vehicles were being diverted.Paulson said that the commuters would not have to face problems from the next Mondays as proper planning is being done to ensure smooth vehicular movement on Cantonment railway station-Lanka road. Singh said that the points from where the traffic of by-lanes comes on the main road have been identified. Diversions would also be made to avoid traffic jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "14857766", "title": "Rest house for porters at Daltonganj station soon", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A rest house for porters will be built at Daltonganj railway station which has about 15 or 16 licensed porters. There is no place for them to relax at the station.Senior commercial manager of Dhanbad division Dayanand said, \"A decision to build a rest house for the porters at the Daltonganj railway station has been taken.\"Sources said divisional railway manager of Dhanbad Sudhir Kumar and his officials had visited Daltonganj railway station last week to take stock of the situation here.The porters had petitioned the railways authorities for a rest house citing problems that they have no place to stretch.The official said the railway authorities at Daltonganj were asked to identify a land close to the platform for this purpose.Dayanand said, \"If there is space available on the platform itself, the rest house can be built there too.\"One big chunk of the railway premises near the Daltonganj railway station with little development can be put to use for the porters here, Dayanand said.He assured a rest house for porters soon with basic amenities like water, electricity, toilet and space to stretch.The railway official agreed the waiting room for passengers needed to be further made passenger-friendly with more stress on cleanliness.Dayanand was told of the inadequate light facility at the tail end of the Platform 1 where passengers need torch or cellphone lights to see the reservation chart at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14859275", "title": "At BU, placement cell yet to see light of the day", "text": "BHOPAL: In a university that produces an army of around 50,000 under and post-graduates unemployed youths every year, a placement cell, which was planned a couples of years ago, has not been able to see the light of the day.Interestingly, private colleges like Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) and MLB College, a government autonomous institution has been successfully running campus placement cell.When contacted, in-charge vice-chancellor Prof D C Gupta said the university had planned to open placement cell a couple of years ago. \"There was a plan to open separate campus placement cell in the university.However, it could not be constituted owing to the manpower shortage,\" says Prof Gupta. He admitted the need of a separate campus placement cell in the university.The official portal of BU is providing a facility of providing links of few government employment-related websites. \"We have created an option which provides link to various job recruiting agency portal,\" BU website cell in-charge Amit Dutta said.A few city-based colleges have opened the campus placement cell at their own initiative. The BSSS, a premier arts and commerce college in the city, has been carrying out the placement of 150-200 students every year. This cell is functioning for almost the past one decade.\"Our institution has taken the initiative to bridge the gap between student preparedness for the job market and the needs of various work sectors by playing a proactive role in the process of campus recruitment. Through our intensive campus drives, our students are brought face to face with top companies in the job sector,\" BSSS media officer Aamer Mehboob said.Several companies, including IBM , Wipro , Corporation bank , ICICI among others have been regularly visiting the BSSS for campus recruitment drive.Likewise, the MLB College has been successfully conducting campus placement drive for past couple of years. Official website of MLB claims that companies like HDFC, GE, Wipro, IBM, Max Insurance among others have recruited some 250 college students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14858105", "title": "Govt to organise camps for differently-abled across Madurai soon", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration is all set to conduct special camps for the differently-abled at the panchayat union levels, as promised earlier. The administration has released the schedule for these special camps to be held in various places across Madurai.After differently-abled persons and their associations presented their difficulties before the state government, such as getting identity cards, the Madurai district administration has planned to organize special camps with medical teams so that the differently-abled will be tested for disability and the cards issued on the spot.Based on the schedule, the special camps will be held from July 14 to October 7 on all Saturdays.On July 14, the camp will be held in Govt Higher Secondary School at Kallikudi, July 21 at Govt Higher Secondary School in T Kallupatti, July 28 at Govt Girls Higher Secondary School in Thirumangalam, August 4 at Govt Higher Secondary School at Sedapatti, August 11 at TELC School in Usilampatti, August 18 at Govt High School in Chellampatti, August 25 at Govt Boys Higher Secondary School in Vadipatti, September 1 at Govt Girls Higher Secondary School in Alanganallur and on September 8, at Govt High School in Avaniapuram.On September 15 the camp will be held at the block development centre in Kottampatti, September 22 at Govt Girls Higher Secondary School in Melur, September 29 at Govt Girls Higher Secondary School in Othakadai and on October 7, at Pandian Nedunchezhian School near Uzhavar Santhai.District administration has urged all differently-abled people to benefit from the camps.toimadurai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858084", "title": "Kalmadi seeks court\u2019s permission to go for Olympics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sacked CWG Organizing Committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi , accused in a CWG-related corruption case, on Thursday sought a special CBI court's permission to attend the 2012 Olympics in London.In his plea, Kalmadi said he was required to attend meetings and conferences as he was a member of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) Council and president of the Asian Athletics Association (AAA).Seeking permission to go to the UK for the Games from July 26 to August 13, his plea said, \"Applicant (Kalmadi), in his capacity as a member of the IAAF Council and as president of Asian Athletics Association, is required to attend certain meetings, conferences and matters of the IAAF during the London 2012 Olympics from July 26 to August 13.\"He also placed on record the invitation from IAAF Council and the programme schedule of the Olympics and details of travel tickets sent to him by the association's general secretary Essar Gabriel.\"Therefore, the applicant is hereby seeking permission of this court to travel abroad for this purpose,\" he said. Seeking the court's permission for exemption from personal appearance, Kalmadi said he was willing to abide by any condition imposed by it.Special CBI judge Talwant Singh, who is hearing arguments on framing of charges against the accused, listed the plea for Friday.The Lok Sabha MP and 10 others have been charge-sheeted by the CBI under various provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly \"illegally\" awarding contract to install Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system for the 2010 Commonwealth Games to Swiss Timing, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer.In April this year, Kalmadi and former OC secretary general Lalit Bhanot were allowed by the court to visit Kazakhstan to attend a meeting of the AAA Council.Besides Kalmadi and Bhanot, the other accused in the case are CWG OC's director general V K Verma, director general (procurement) Surjit Lal, joint director general (sports) A S V Prasad and treasurer M Jayachandran. They are no more associated with the sporting body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14856816", "title": "Purulia case: India downgrades ties with Denmark for Kim Davy rebuff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping up its protest against Denmark for its refusal to extradite Purulia arms drop accused Kim Davy, India has decided to further scale down bilateral ties.The government has instructed its ministries and departments not to entertain Danish diplomats. Sections in the government see the Danish \"cussedness\" over Davy's extradition as an expression of racism. \"All arguments including those forwarded by Danish legal firms have failed to convince Denmark. It is against all civilized norms... It's like giving protection to a terrorist... It smacks of racism,\" a top government official said.Davy is wanted in India for the air-dropping of sophisticated arms - including AK-47 assault rifles \u2014 and ammunition in West Bengal's Purulia district on December 17, 1995. The huge cache of arms has been held responsible for the proliferation of illegal, sophisticated firearms in Bihar and eastern UP leading to bloody gang wars.India's decision to downgrade diplomatic ties came after Copenhagen's refusal to appeal its high court's verdict rejecting Davy's extradition in the Supreme Court. The move came after New Delhi's repeated attempts to convince Denmark about contesting the lower court's verdict failed.Government sources said New Delhi not only shared with Copenhagen the opinion of three top Danish law firms that found enough ground for appeal but also offered to put Davy in a 'special jail' keeping concerns of courts of that country in mind if the accused is extradited to India.They said the Danish courts were not considering the merits of the alleged crime but were laying emphasis on India's prison conditions and human rights issues.Sources said that a fresh circular had been issued directing senior officials not to meet or entertain any Danish diplomat posted in India. \"We'll see what more can be done to further scale down diplomatic ties with Denmark,\" said as senior official.The circular was issued around 11 months after the external affairs ministry's advisory, which had emphasized that India must reciprocate Denmark's non-cooperation in refusing to contest its lower court's verdict in Davy's extradition case. The finance ministry had, subsequently, issued a communique that all agreements and projects with Denmark be finalized only after consultation with the external affairs ministry.The case against Davy relates to an incident on December 17, 1995, when an AN-26 aircraft dropped sophisticated arms - including AK-47 assault rifles \u2014 and ammunition in Purulia district at the dead of night. The crew of the aircraft consisted of five Latvian citizens and a British national Peter Bleach, who were all arrested.Davy, however, managed to escape. The Latvians were released from prison in 2000 after a request from Russian authorities while Bleach was given presidential pardon in 2004 following a request by the UK government.Though the Danish government had in April 2010 agreed to extradite Davy, the accused appealed against the decision in the city court which ruled against the extradition in November 2010. The Danish government appealed against the city court's decision in the high court.The high court in June last year upheld the city court order against Davy's extradition. Later, India asked Denmark to appeal it further in its Supreme Court.But the Danish authorities refused to do so. They reportedly conveyed to India that the prosecutor was not under the control of the Danish government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857387", "title": "Three held for looting South Delhi businessman, 1 on the run", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people have been arrested for robbing a south Delhi businessman at gunpoint few days back. With the arrest of Rasil (18), Saleem (21) and Mustafa (23), police have recovered the stolen goods and cash also.However, the prime accused in the case, Azhar, is on the run, police said.On July 8, the accused had entered the house of Akhlaq Qureshi, a businessman in Lajpat Nagar, when he was alone at home. The accused had worked in the area as laborers earlier. They revealed that they entered Qureshi's house through the kitchen grill and ransacked the house,\" said Ajay Chaudhry, addl CP, southeast.They held Qureshi at gunpoint and looted his house of cash, jewellery and expensive watches. Qureshi was also injured when he tried to resist the loot. The accused were later nabbed and they told police that they hatched the plan after Azhar backed them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857420", "title": "Sushant Marathe left out of probables' list of KSCA Trophy", "text": "MUMBAI: There was a surprise omission when Mumbai announced a list of 35 probables for the KSCA Trophy, which begins in Bangalore from July 27. Wicketkeeper Sushant Marathe , who played three games and scored a fighting 102 in one of them against Uttar Pradesh in Lucknow, found himself out of the 'group,' along with fellow stumper Onkar Gurav. The pair has been replaced by Aditya Tare , who played for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League in 2010, and Neelkanth Parab.Before suffering a groin injury on the opening day of Mumbai's last league encounter against Punjab last season, Marathe, who has hit two hundreds in 13 games at an average of 29.09, had scored 106 runs in three games, including a ton against UP, at an average of 35.33. He managed just 121 runs @24.20 in the Vijay Hazare One-day event, but smashed 194 runs in four games of the Syed Mushtaq Ali trophy for the T20 title, a tally that included an unbeaten 90. The 26-year-old Marathe had been signed by the Mumbai Indians before the IPL 5 season began, but couldn't get any game.\"The doors are not closed on anybody. Last year, we included Hiken Shah (middle-order bat) and Balwinder Singh Sandhu Jr (seamer) when they were not even there in the probables list. So there is no hard and fast rule that only these players would be considered for selection later. Anyone who does well with the bat or ball in Mumbai can make the cut,\" Mumbai's chief selector Milind Rege told TOI on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857344", "title": "\u2018Not anti-abortion, but pro-girl child\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state is not against abortion as it is the right of women, but the administration is taking stringent measures to arrest the declining child sex ratio and refrain doctors 'from misusing the probation' for sex determination and pregnancy termination, said public health minister Suresh Shetty on Thursday.\"Till 12 weeks, pregnancy can be terminated. Between 12 and 20 weeks, it has to be done with the woman's consent. Above 12 weeks, approval of two gynaecologists is mandatory,\" said Shetty while replying to a debate on rise in foeticide cases in the state.Leader of opposition in the council Vinod Tawde and other members had demanded a discussion on the issue. Shiv Sena legislator Neelam Gorhe asked why a local court is repeatedly asking for a CBI probe into the Beed foeticide case. BJP legislator Shobha Fadnavis asked for the names of political leaders who are backing the accused. Vidya Chavan (NCP) demanded suspension of investigation officer Ramrao Gadekar for 'protecting the accused Beed doctors'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14862102", "title": "Cancer institute to be set up at AIIMS II coming up at Badsah", "text": "NEW DELHI: (PTI) Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Thursday said a 300-bed Cancer Institute would be set up on the campus of AIIMS-II coming up at Badsah in Jhajjar district of the state.AIIMS-II would provide emergency services to patients round-the-clock and would be much bigger than Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences to cater to the medical needs of patients of the entire northern region, the chief minister said.The foundation stone of the AIIMS Outreach OPD centre at Badsah was laid by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on May 30.The Outreach OPD has been designed to handle approximately 1,000 patients per day and is expected to be operational by August, 2012.AIIMS-II would house many facilities which could not be provided in Delhi for lack of space. It would also have a research institute.The new technologies to provide health treatment at reasonable prices would also be researched here.The government was looking for the required land in the neighbouring NCR region to set up a branch of AIIMS. This branch or the second campus of AIIMS at Badsah will see modern, state-of-the-art tertiary level health care being offered by several departments of AIIMS.\"We are planning to have some national institutes of excellence here that will contribute to health research as well as framing of national health policies and programmes for implementation,\" Azad had said at the foundation stone laying ceremony of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14857412", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority hikes development charges", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government on Thursday enhanced the development charges imposed on builders for construction of buildings in the extended areas of Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) by 50 per cent.The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department issued a GO increasing the development charges. HMDA has been collecting only 25 per cent of the actual development charges from builders since February 2009 to encourage building activity in the extended area and also in view of slowdown in the real estate activity. That was done mainly on the request of builders and also on the recommendation of the metropolitan authority.The builders will now have to pay 75 per cent of the actual development charges. The GO stated that several development activities have come up in the extended area of the authority. covering about 620 villages and municipalities of surrounding districts like Bhongir and Sangareddy.While there is need to encourage development, at the same time the HMDA's financial position is precarious and the development charges are the only source of regular revenue for the authority.\"The HMDA will collect 75 per cent of the development charges in the erstwhile Huda and Hyderabad Airport Development Authority ( Hada) jurisdiction as per the GO 439 issued in June, 2007,\" the GO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14857283", "title": "Man who killed wife, shot at mom, held in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad police claim to have arrested a 'serial killer' who has been accused of killing his wife, two of his neighbours and shooting at his mother and her friend. The accused, Prashant Sharma, was caught with an associate and is likely to be sent to the Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences, Shahdara, for a mental checkup.ADG Jawahar Lal Tripathi told TOI that residents of the entire region were living in fear as they did not know whom he would attack next. \"Prashant has probably suffered a mental breakdown after facing various tragedies in his personal life. His mother is separated and even his wife had left him after many altercations between them. His mother hadn't even made him an heir to her property, which could have angered him more,\" said Tripathi.\"Our teams conducted many raids at the hideouts of the accused. Finally, a team under the supervision of SSP Ghaziabad managed to nab him,\" Tripathi said.Prashant is accused of killing his wife Sunaina (24). He also shot dead two of his neighbours, Dayachand Kaushik and his son Dhanesh, in Vijay Nagar, after he found them 'guilty' of showing the police his house. Twelve days later, he shot at his mother Sunita and her friend Mira Devi. However, they managed to escape with injuries. Sunita was shot on the leg while Mira Devi was hit on the shoulder. \"He was on drugs and perhaps because of that he committed the crimes,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14856819", "title": "Arrested Maoist 'admits' role in Saraswati killing", "text": "KORAPUT: A day after security personnel arrested three Maoists, including a hardcore rebel, police said Ramesh Tama alias Dasrath has confessed to his involvement in the killing of Laxmananda Saraswati and Nayagarh attack. The other two arrested rebels were identified as Kumbula Majhi alias Abhilash and Chintamani Majhi.\"Dasrath was a hardcore rebel and was on our wanted list for his involvement in as many as 13 Maoist offensives in the district. Apart from admitting to his participation in several murders in the district, during interrogation he confessed to his involvement in the killing of Laxmananda Saraswati and Nayagarh attack,\" said Rayagada SP Anup Krishna.According to police, Dasrath, a resident of Thakilod village under Bijapur district in Chhattisgarh , had joined the Maoist organization six years ago and was the commander of Kasipur-Niyamgiri Area Committee (KNAC), affiliated to the outlawed CPI (Maoist).\"The KNAC operates in the bordering areas of Rayagada, Koraput and Kalahandi districts and Dasrath was leading all the Maoist offensives in this part of the state. He also used to train new cadres,\" the SP said.\"Intelligence inputs let to the trio's arrest. No arms or explosives were recovered from their possession,\" he added.While Kumbula has confessed to his involvement in at least three Maoist offensives in the district, police said Chintamani was working as an overground element for the Naxal outfit and was instrumental in organizing meetings and motivating youths to join Maoist organization and was acting as a guide. The duo is from Karajhola village under Tikri police station in the district.During an anti-Naxalite operation, SOG and CRPF security personnel had arrested the three rebels from a forested area near Baigor, at a distance of about 40 km from the district headquarters town on the border of Rayagada-Koraput districts under Rayagada police limits early on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857960", "title": "Three arrested for robbing brothers", "text": "PUNE: The Airport police on Thursday claimed to have solved a robbery case at Lohegaon following the arrest of three suspects.The police identified the suspects as Shankar Sakpal (20), Aamir Shaikh (22) and Ramiz Shaikh (20) - all from Lohegaon. On July 8, the trio had thrashed and robbed two brothers of their cash and cell phones - totalling Rs 12,700 - and a motorcycle at the Kalwad Vasti in Lohegaon. A complaint in this regard was lodged by Shriram Chavan (20) of Vimananagar.Senior police inspector of the Airport police station Prakash Shah said Chavan and his brother, Rahul (23), had gone to a quarry filled with water on their motorcycle. They were washing clothes in the quarry when the trio reached there. They thrashed the brothers and snatched the money and their cell phones. The trio also stole the motorcycle, which they used to flee from the spot.During investigations, police sub-inspector H B Markad received a tip-off that the suspects involved in the robbery were about to leave the city. \"We laid a trap and nabbed them from the Lohegaon area,\" Shah said.The trio admitted to their involvement in the crime. \"We have recovered a motorcycle from them that they had stolen on July 7.\"Shah said that one of the suspects, Aamir Shaikh, has a criminal past. He has several cases - including robbery, theft and body offences - registered against him at the Vishrantwadi, Pimpri and Kothrud police stations. DCP (zone IV) Sanjay Jadhav had externed Shaikh in 2011. He committed the robbery during his externment period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857685", "title": "Death due to negligence is an accident: National Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Death of a patient due to rash or negligent act of a doctor is an accident, making the kin entitled to the accidental death benefits from the insurer, the country's apex consumer panel has held.The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (NCDRC) gave the ruling while ordering the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India to pay accidental death benefits to the husband of the insured, who had died while being operated upon.\"The life assured (the insured) died during an operation by the treating doctors. Thus, the injury to the life assured was an accident caused by outward, violent and visible means and therefore, the Life Insurance Corporation of India cannot be absolved from its liability to pay the accidental benefits to the complainant,\" the NCDRC said.The LIC had denied the accidental benefits to Haryana resident Narender Singh, the husband of the insured, saying his wife's death during surgery was not an accident.It had also contended that the doctors were not negligent or rash as they had performed the surgery fairly without any ill-intention or mens rea.The bench presided by Justice J M Malik rejected the contentions as \"devoid of force\" and pointed out that \"a criminal case under Section 304-A of the IPC is pending against the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14859101", "title": "Dara Singh lived like a king and went like one", "text": "MUMBAI: The skies over Dara Villa at Juhu on Thursday afternoon were gloomy as Bollywood's Rustam-e-Hind made his last journey. Dara Singh's remainswere placedon a large palanquin and taken in a procession on a truck to Pawan Hans crematorium at Vile Parle . His son Vindoo said, \"He is still wearing his famous smile and I want people to see him go that way . He lived like a king, I want him to go like one.''Thousandsof peoplehad gatheredoutsidethe house. It seemed as though the whole of Punjab had come to pay tribute to India's first superhero . The industry was well-represented too: Apart from senior actors like Chandrashekhar who got Dara Singh his first film , there were others such as Abhishek Bachchan , Tabu , Sanjay Khan , Anu Malik , Fardeen Khan and Parmeet Sethi.Politicians such as Kripa Shankar Singh also visited his residence . Vindoo told TOI that calls poured in from some of the biggest stars of the industry , including Amitabh Bachchan and Akshay Kumar , as well as top leaders like Sonia Gandhi . Chandrashekhar said , \"He was an admirable person and loved by the entire film community.\"Dara Singh , who was hospitalised last Saturday , was taken home on Wednesday after his doctors told the family his chances of survival were bleak . The actor passed away at 7.30am on Thursday after a cardiac arrest . The chautha is at 4 pm on Sunday at Lokhandwala gurudwara.Vindoo said his father had wanted to spend his last few hours at home . \"It was a decision taken by the family , including my mother.\" \"After the doctors told us his brain damage was irreparable , I think we did the right thing bringing him home . My mother got a chance to be with him in his last moments.\"Talking about his father's secular beliefs, Vindoo said , \"Our house represents national integration. My father never objected to any of his children marrying into any caste or religion . He was a friend and allowed us to live our lives.''The only thing he was against was smoking . He allowed his children to drink and , Vindoo recalls , he \"told us not to hide and do anything . But he was clear he didn't want to see us smoke in front of him .\" The most important lesson he learnt from his father was never to get disheartened by failure . \"He never put us under pressure , but taught us to be financially independent.\"\"After he fell ill, I spent more time with him . Our chess sessions continued . But when his nerve problem aggravated , I started winning more games .'' Last month , father and son watched the Ramayana serial all over again . Dara Singh never wanted people to know of his failing health . \"I'd keep telling him let's go to the hospital , but he didn't want to.''Vindoo now looks forward to his father's last film to be released later this year . \"The film is with Rajpal Yadav . When Rajpal came to my father for Ata Pata Lapata, I said he was too ill to do it. But Rajpal convinced my father and shot with him . But when it was time to dub, father's condition had worsened . So Rajpal came home and did the dubbing here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14857781", "title": "New admissions barred at M.Ed colleges without staff", "text": "PUNE: Post-graduate education (M.Ed) colleges functioning without a university-approved principal, an associate professor and two assistant professors for the last three years will not be allowed to effect fresh admissions this year (AY 2012-13).The University of Pune (UoP) has cracked the whip by issuing letters to all M.Ed colleges demanding details of staff appointment by July 16. The university has total 19 M.Ed colleges across its jurisdiction including 15 in Pune district.The issue of colleges working without the minimum required approved staff had figured at the UoP academic council meeting on June 9. The council had then passed a resolution stating that M.Ed colleges, operating without a full-time principal, an associate professor and at least two assistant professors, for the last three years i.e. AY 2009-10 to 2011-12, shall not be allowed to effect fresh admissions this year.Deputy registrar of the UoP board of college and university development (BCUD) office has posted a notice to this effect on the varsity's website along with a copy of the academic council's resolution. It states that all M.Ed colleges have to furnish details of their staff including the number of teachers approved by the university, latest by July 16.Speaking to TOI, vice-chancellor of UoP Wasudev Gade said, \"The proposed action forms part of a larger exercise, which the academic council has approved for undertaking a comprehensive review of the status of teaching staff across all colleges under the varsity. The BCUD director and the dean of education faculty will take a call on the action against M.Ed colleges depending upon the reports they received from these colleges.\"The resolution put before the academic council had also proposed that the names of colleges without sufficient approved staff be conveyed to the director of higher education and the centralized admission process committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14858144", "title": "PWD directs mines to clear dumps around Selaulim dam", "text": "PORVORIM: PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar on Thursday said he has instructed the department to direct the mines and the forest and environment departments to clear all mining dumps located within 200 meters of Selaulim dam. He assured the house that concentration of manganese in Selaulim water will be brought to below 0.5mg.He also admitted that there are around 17 mining dumps within 200 meters of the Selaulim dam.Replying to Quepem MLA Chandrakant Kavlekar and St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh during zero hour, Dhavalikar said, \"In the next three to four days concentration of manganese in Selaulim dam water will be brought to below 0.5mg.\" Permissible level of manganese in water is 1mg per litre.The minister said that earlier the water treatment plant had a capacity of 160 MLD which was increased by 25 MLD and now 185 MLD water is being treated at the plant. Some 160 to 170 MLD is supplied to Salcete and Quepem talukas, 50 to 55 MLD to Mormugao and 12 to 13 MLD to Sanguem and Sanvordem.The minister informed the house that earlier 700 kg lime stone was used to treat the water but now the department is using 1,200 kg of lime stone for treatment. He added that PWD cleans the filters more frequently than before. Stating the water supplied from Selaulim is high in manganese content, Kavlekar sought to know what precautionary steps had been taken to ensure that this was brought down.Wagh said that high manganese content in water will seriously affect the health of south Goa people. He added that there are 17 mines operating within 500 meters and 12 mines within 200 meters of the dam. \"Due to heavy rain, slit from mining dumps has run into Selaulim water and in one day it is not possible to purify the water,\" Wagh said.He added that the government should impose a cess on mining companies operating near Selaulim dam, so that money collected from them can be spent on setting up of a treatment plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14857098", "title": "2,000 lawyers continue strike for second day", "text": "GURGAON: Litigants in city courts had a tough day on Thursday as over 2,000 lawyers continued their strike for the second consecutive day in Gurgaon.The lawyers are agitating against a proposed central government bill which will allow judicial officials to decide the complaints against lawyers across the country. \"The strike is in response of the proposed bill which, if implemented, will weaken the bar and result in more conflicts between lawyers and judicial officials in lower courts,\" said Kulbhushan Bhardwaj, a city based lawyer.Lawyers did not work on Wednesday, which severely impacted the work of the courts and will resume work from Friday. Earlier, in January, the lawyers had gone on a strike against the proposed bill which will clip the wings of the bar council in all courts.At present, the bar takes up the complaints against the %lawyers. \"The bar decides the matters in interest of litigants. But, by giving powers to judicial officials (judges) for deciding the complaints against the lawyers, it will be result in chaos,\" said Bhardwaj .The bill is called legal practitioners (regulation and maintenance of standard in profession and protection of the interest of litigants).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858628", "title": "Lobbying begins for BJP state unit president", "text": "JAIPUR: Speculations over the change of leadership in the state BJP have rocked the state party unit. Fueled by the recent statements of senior party legislator and a known Vasundhara Raje loyalist Digambar Singh, rumors are that an announcement regarding the same is likely in the nearly future.Digambar Singh had recently claimed that the party leadership was seriously considering a change in the leadership and that Raje as the state president would be a boon to the party. Supporters of senior leader Gulab Chand Kataria and deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari are campaigning for the two leaders and hoping that they be given the charge of the state president. \"If not the state president, supporters are keen on their leader becoming the leader of Opposition in the state assembly,\" said a leader, adding that the supporters are also trying to approach the party high command with their desires. If Raje takes over as the president, Kataria's chances to lead the party's legislative committee are the brightest. However, there are many in the party that Raje might not take up the post but insist on a candidate of her choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14858030", "title": "GRP cops arrest one person, recover 612 turtles in city", "text": "The Government Railway Police, Charbagh on Thursday arrested a man and recovered 612 turtles from his possession. The man, Gurmeet Singh, was arrested from platform number 6 of Lucknow Junction station during routine checking. The man was to board Pushpak Express. He was smuggling the turtles to Mumbai.Min asks officials to launch checking drives: The transport minister Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh has directed the transport commissioner to launch a massive checking drive and ensure that passenger vehicles, mini buses and buses operating on tourist permit do not have seats in excess of the sanctioned capacity. The minister said that vehicles flouting norms not only jeopardise safety of passengers but also cause loss to the transport department by evading taxes.Students form human chain: With the world population exceeding seven billion, on the occasion of \" World Population Day \", children of Army Public School, Cant formed a 'human chain' to express their sentiments about burgeoning population and the need to tackle the problem. On the other hand, addressing a workshop organised by Population Foundation of India, health minister Ahmad Hasan said that measures should be taken to create awareness in the rural areas regarding population control and family planning.Schools should run for children of workers: Waqaar Ahmad Shah, UP labour minister said that schools should be run for children of workers and labourers at construction sites. He said that this scheme has been implemented in Ghaziabad where with the help of education department and builders, schools are running at development sites for the children of labourers. This scheme should be implemented in the entire state.Shivpal asks officials to speed up work: Cabinet minister Shivpal Sigh Yadav said that despite releasing the funds for making roads free of potholes three months back, repair work is yet to be done and employees of the flood control department are not taking their work seriously. He said that strict action will be taken against those found guilty.Azam's surprise visit: Urban development minister Azam Khan undertook a surprise visit of the state capital on Thursday. Taking a stringent view against rampant encroachment of public spaces, the minister appealed to the public to cooperate with authorities when they undertake an anti-encroachment drive in the state.Two BDOs suspended: UP's rural development minister Arvind Singh Gop suspended two block development officers of Mathura district for not taking interest in the ongoing socio-economic and caste census. Terming their lack of interest as anti-national, both officials were suspended after they were unable to discharge their duties., in addition to their departmental responsibilities.Rita Joshi tour Cantt: UPCC Chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi undertook a tour of the Garhi Kanaura locality of Lucknow Cantonment. Demanding a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the family of Mukesh, the 27-year-old who died due to diarrhoea, Joshi said civic authorities were responsible for Mukesh's death. Saying that residents were falling victim to epidemic diseases because there was no sewage pipeline in the area, Joshi also met officials of the municipal corporation and asked them to clean up the locality in 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "alang (bhavnagar)", "code": "14857214", "title": "Pirates' scare hits Alang", "text": "ALANG (Bhavnagar): As night descends, a group of persons in a country-made craft approach a 10,000 tonne ship. They board the vessel and loot everything they can lay hands on. Iron planks, refrigerators, TVs, steel plates, machines...anything. The booty is dumped into the boat and the persons escape in the veil of darkness.No, this is not Gulf of Aden, notorious for Somalia pirates attacking ships. The scene is in Gujarat's own backyard Alang, Asia's largest graveyard for ships.Ship-breakers in Alang are spending sleepless nights since the last few months with local pirates on the prowl. The thieves are mostly from coastal villages surrounding Alang. The thieves are also known to enter the plots using sea routes from areas like Sartanpar, Bharapara, Mathavda and Mithivirdi along with other villages in boats in the middle of the nights.Ship-breakers say from what started as stealing has now become a potential physical threat to anyone who tries to stop those indulging in the act. The ones carrying out the crimes are said to be residents of adjoining villages. The number of thefts has gone up from 17 in 2010 to 24 till July this year.\"The actual number of thefts is much higher than what have been registered at the police station. There is a strong nexus between thieves and purchasers of stolen material in Alang itself,'' a ship-breaker and member of Ship Recycling Association of India Haresh Parmar said.Ship-breakers point out that these thieves don't fear police. They say things have come to such a pass that thieves are threatening the security guards with dire consequences if they dare to stop them.The general perception is that an increase in patrolling along the coast and tough action on the part of the police can put a stop to the activities of these 'local pirates'.Police claims to have already increased patrolling on the coast. Deputy superintendent of police, Mahuva division, D J Patel said, \"We have taken preventive steps and are keeping a close watch on the plots. We will not spare anyone, including policemen, found involved in the thefts.\"3 held for killing watchman at a plotAlang police have arrested three persons who allegedly murdered a 45-year-old watchman at one of the ship-breaking plots. Watchman Sitaram Devmurari was killed on June 28. Sources said Devmurari worked hands in glove with some thieves and facilitated their entry into the plot through a passage. He used to charge money from the thieves for allowing them inside. However, they got angry after he started demanding more money. It was after the watchman's murder that ship-breakers approached the police with a complaint regarding rampant thefts at the yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857121", "title": "Kusma firm, to go ahead with strike", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Unaided School Management Association (Kusma), with 1,800 member-schools, said there is no change in its decision to go ahead with the school shutdown from July 16.\"Some sections of the media said we have called off the strike (to protest the government's alleged delay in resolving RTE issues). Our president, GS Sharma, hasn't made any such statement. We are going ahead with the strike. We have spoken to our member schools and they have given their consent,\" Kusma secretary A Mariyappa told TOI.The notification says: \"There is absolutely no change in Kusma's stand. The protest is perfectly legal, constitutional, ethical, and above all, morally and socially perfect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "dharmuchak", "code": "14859069", "title": "Baby Dara holds out hope for his village", "text": "DHARMUCHAK: As Dara Singh battled for life in hospital , Rajwinder Kaur gave birth to a boy in Dharmuchak near Amritsar , the actor's village .On Thursday , as Dharmuchak's most famous son breathed his last , the boy was named Dara . \"My son will remind the village and the world of the legendary Dara Singh ,\" said father Kulwinder Singh .It's a timely reminder for a region where drug abuse has become rampant . Darbara Singh , 74, who used to frequent akharas with Dara Singh as a youngster , said village youth are going astray . \"Wrestling brings discipline . But nobody seems to be sweating it out. No wonder , Dara Singh's village has not produced a wrestler of repute in the last 30 years ,\" he said . Dara Singh's ancestral home , where he lived before leaving for Singapore in 1948 , wore a deserted look. His nephew Baljit Singh Pehalwan had left with his mother Gurmeet Kaur for Mumbai .Dara Singh's friends , Jagir Singh , 90 , and Shingara Singh , 85, sat under a tree next to Dara's house. Recalling his exploits , they said the loss is irreparable . \"There cannot be another Dara Singh .\"Last time Dara Singh visited Dharmuchak was in 2010 when he inaugurated a local stadium . \"He sat here and asked us about our demands and asked the youth to keep away from drugs and become responsible citizens ,\" said Jagir Singh . A student , Lovepreet Singh , had posed with Dara Singh when he last visited the v i l la g e. O n T hur s d ay, Lovepreet got the photo along with him to school, where students and teachers paid tributes to their village icon . Many here feel wrestling should be promoted in Dara's village . \"Not a single akhara is left in this village now . Now, our idols are cricketers like Sachin Tendulkar ,\" a villager said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861962", "title": "Union politics rides on SUVs", "text": "The vehicles of choice for mainstream political parties are also attracting student union leaders, who love to include one in their fleet for canvassing purposesStudent union elections in the Lucknow University are barely three months away and political activity seems to be hotting up inside as well as outside the University campus. A sure sign of that, along with the mandatory hoarding and posters of prospective candidates, are the sundry SUVs that have begun to show up in the campus. Vehicles like open Gypsies, Jeeps and SUVs are much in demand by students leaders say travel agencies. The reasons include greater sitting capacity and more importantly, the style factor.Bigger is betterMohd Shahnavaz, who runs a travel agency in Gomtinagar says, \"This year has been especially good for us as most of our vehicles were in field, first for assembly elections and later for Municipality elections, which concluded recently. Now, since student union elections are also due later in the year, we are again receiving requests from many student leaders for vehicles, especially open top ones like Gypsies and Jeeps.\"Seconding the trend, another travel agency owner Satyajit (name changed on request) says, \"SUVs and open top vehicles are favorites in every elections due to their utility value and style quotient. Small cars like Indica etc usually go for anywhere around `800 - `1,000 for a day while the Gypsies and Jeeps, which are harder to find go for anywhere around `1,000 - `2,000, depending upon the demand.\"Also, since Gypsies and Jeeps are rare to find, some netas are also look towards their friends and supporters to pitch in. Vishal Thakur, who owns a gym in Indiranagar recently loaned his modified Gypsy to his friend, a student leader, for canvassing. \"My friends frequently ask me for my Gypsy to impress their girlfriends or for other purposes and I help them whenever I feel I should. Elections also are all about impressing the voters, so I have loaned my Gypsy to my friend who wants to contest elections,\" he shrugs.Those contesting the elections feel that it is necessary to keep larger vehicles, owing to their capacity for men and material. \"Keeping a bigger vehicle is almost a compulsion for us. An election is a team effort. I myself have kept two SUVs to help my team move between the two campuses of the university,\" points out Maan Singh, a student leader from Samajwadi Party's student wing, the Chhatra Sabha.Promoting muscle power?However, some students feel that it is more about projecting their muscle power. Mridula Sengupta, a commerce student at the university feels that use of SUVs in university elections creates a sense of being invincible among owners and their associates. \"Recently I was driving my scooty through gate number one of the university when I had to stop due to another oncoming vehicle. Since the opening of the gate is not wide enough, only one vehicle can pass at a time. All of a sudden an SUV came from behind and started honking rudely. When I turned around, the driver of SUV looked at me with menace. I guess , this will become more routine now.\"Echoing her view, management student Samarth Gupta who is from LU's main campus, adds, \"Why do they need such vehicles for student union elections? Ours is a small campus and one can easily visit each department, including the hostels, on foot. Frankly, I think it is more about power projection than anything else.\"Surprisingly, some student leaders agree and are all for a ban on use of SUVs and other such vehicles in the union elections. Anubhav Tiwari, member of working committee, Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad's UP chapter, feels that use of such vehicles in elections will promote hooliganism and university authorities should ban their use in the elections. \"We feel that a student leader is a student first and a leader later. Lyngdoh committee recommendations clearly bar the grouping of more than five people inside or outside university campus for election related work. Usage of these vehicles will promote gundagardi in the campus and alienate students from union politics. In fact, we will request the university authorities to ban the entry of such vehicles in the campus,\" says Anubhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14858563", "title": "Woman attempts suicide in front of IG office in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 26-year-old woman, who was saddled by financial debts, attempted to commit suicide by consuming rat poison at the inspector general of police's office at Race Course in the city on Wednesday.This sent the IG office into a state of tizzy. However, the woman was rushed to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital and her life was saved. Doctors at the hospital, confirming that she is receiving treatment, said she was never in danger of losing her life.The woman, Chithra, 26, lives in Mathampatti Ambedkar Nagar near Perur in Coimbatore. She was married to John Peter of Vellode in Dindugul district for 10 years after which he left her. Later, she married Nagaraj of Nathegowdanputhur in Coimbatore district, who also left her after four years. Both husbands had taken loans and had not repaid them.On Wednesday, Chithra arrived at the IG office to give a petition. However, she consumed poison first. She later told the police that she was in a state of extreme despair and had consumed poison to take her own life. She also said that the loan sharks were constantly threatening her at home and she needed protection from them.Race Course police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14858123", "title": "29,000 take first-ever TET in Trichy", "text": "Trichy: The first-ever teacher eligibility test ( TET) for aspiring teachers was conducted on Thursday with about 29,000 candidates taking the exam at 76 notified centres in the city. Chief education officer K Selvakumar said that more than 2000 persons, who had registered for the exam, however, failed to turn up.The St Philomina Girls Higher Secondary School at Mela Puthur, one of the centres for the exam wore a festive look as the candidates crisscrossed in front of a local church by the school.In fact, the engineer of Tamil Nadu Electricity Board, O T Annadurai, had vacated an earlier EB notification to shutdown power at Srirangam for the whole of Thursday to carry out the routine monthly repair works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14856717", "title": "Kanpur municipal corporation identifies 171 old buildings as unsafe", "text": "KANPUR: Poverty and financial constraints had forced hundreds of people to live in dilapidated structures by paying paltry sums as rent. During monsoon, occupants of such buildings are at the mercy of Almighty.Sources informed that since 2010, Kanpur municipal corporation had identified 171 buildings unsafe for living in the city. The authorities had served notices to the dwellers of dilapidated buildings but they continue to live.Locals of Harbansmohal area, which dots several dilapidated structures, are living under fear of collapse of any structure. The way the region has been witnessing heavy rains since past two three days, the fear is understandable.\"The occupants have been apprised that the buildings could not be repaired anymore and warned that these could collapse during the monsoon season. However, no step has been taken to get the dilapidated buildings vacated,\" said Manoj, a local of the area.Sources informed that KMC has not conducted any fresh exercise on collecting data of dilapidated structures. Last Friday, a major portion of a structure had collapsed in Chamanganj.KMC sources said that the district authorities are contemplating a fresh survey to identify dilapidated structures. As per 2010 records, there are only 171 houses in a dilapidated condition in the city.KMC official Rajiv Shukla said: \"We have instructed our team of experts comprising engineers and other staff to launch a fresh drive to identify houses which are in a dilapidated state.\" In the past few years, notices were served to the occupants of 171 dilapidated buildings to leave the place. \"No one paid heed to the notices,\" said a source.Sources said that there are over 1,000 dilapidated buildings in the city. Many of them may collapse any time.The KMC sources said that most of such houses are in localities like Harbansmohal, Moti Mohal, Canal Road, Nayaganj, Khapramohal, Rail Bazaar, Chamanganj, Beconganj, Chowk Sarrafa, Swaroopnagar, MCrobertsganj, Lajpatnagar, Govindnagar, Bhoosa Toli, Nawabganj, Generalganj, Birhana Road, Ram Narain Bazaar, Coperganj, Ghantaghar, Shivala, Colonelganj, Moolganj, Collectorganj, Meston road, Purana Kanpur and Aryanagar.Though the KNN has been serving notices, occupants continue to live in dilapidated structures due to lack of alternative arrangements. The reality is that the district authorities do not have any foolproof plan or rehabilitation centres to relocate the residents.Most of the occupants belong to below poverty line (BPL) group and cannot afford to buy new homes. \"We know that the fragile building in which we are living is almost a deathtrap. But, then, we are poor people and can't afford to hire a house on rent or buy another home,\" said Danish, a resident of Hoolaganj.In many cases, residents are also not willing to leave due to low rent. \"We are being pressurised to take some money and leave. But, who will provide us an alternate place that too on such a cheap rent,\" pointed out a resident of a dilapidated building in the congested Moti Mohal area.Ranvijay (name changed) and his family has been living in an old building in Gwaltoli that had been declared dangerous by KNN. But the family refuses to shift from the building. \"We cannot forcibly make the residents of private buildings leave. Our duty is to only serve notices,\" said a KMC official. He added: \"We have sent several notices to many such tenants living under dangerous conditions in old buildings and asked them to vacate the place. Most of them have refused on the ground that the matter is in the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpurepune", "code": "14857184", "title": "Chandipura virus claims 14 children", "text": "NAGPUREPUNE: Scanty rains have once again activated the sand fly, known to transmit the Chandipura virus. The virus has killed 14 children since June 15 in six districts of Nagpur circle.The figures are scary as the deaths have occurred in a short duration. The virus in monsoon is generally known to claim 10-15 children over a period of 3-4 months. This year, the toll has already reached 14 in less than 30 days.The Pune-based National Institute of Virology (NIV) has confirmed the presence of Chandipura virus and Japanese Encephalitis (JE) in 17 of the 70 blood samples it has tested from eastern Vidarbha. \"Nine have tested positive for Chandipura virus and eight for Japanese Encephalitis. We received some more samples for testing on Thursday,\" said senior scientist Vidya Arankalle, acting director of NIV.Dr VR Zare, assistant director of health services ( malaria ), Nagpur circle told TOI that out of the 24 reported cases till Thursday afternoon, 14 children died due to Chandipura-like symptoms. Of these, the sample of only one patient tested positive for virus from National Institute of Virology (NIV) at Pune.As per details available with the office of deputy director of health services (DDHS), of the 10 cases reported from Bhandara, 5 have died. This is the maximum number of deaths so far in a district. This is followed by four deaths from the six cases in Chandrapur district and three deaths of all the three reported cases in Nagpur district. Besides these, of the two reported cases in Gadchiroli and Wardha districts, one child each died.The deaths in Nagpur districts have been reported from Ramtek village, Pardi in Kuhi taluka and Chacher in Mouda taluka.The deadly virus which is transmitted to human beings from sand fly had caused 31 deaths from June to September in 2010. Last year, the virus killed 12 children out of the 21 infected during the same period. This year, it has so far killed 14 children, all below the age of 15 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858688", "title": "Viper in Sukhna kids pool", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Tuesday night, a group of visitors to the entertainment park at Sukhna Lake, who were enjoying ice-cream and the monsoon cool, noticed a thick snake making for the inflatable splash pool for kids a few yards off the Sukhna road.The sighting was promptly reported to the Chandigarh police outpost, but a subsequent search turned up nothing and the cops safely credited it to visitors' imagination. On Wednesday night, the snake surfaced again and on Thursday morning it was clearly spotted snuggling under the pool. Surprisingly for a complete day kids wallowed in the pool with the snake underneath. The snake, as it later turned out, was nestling her babies in a swelling womb.On Thursday morning, snake-rescue expert, Salim Khan, was summoned by the cops and told that a \"python baby\" had taken refuge underneath the pool. The expert got the pool drained and then poked underneath the dry pool to find a highly-venomous Russell's viper. \"It was swollen around the belly and is likely to have been pregnant,\" said Khan. Following this, Khan captured it and slipped it into a perforated plastic pickle bottle where the viper hissed away to glory. \"We spotted the snake on Thursday morning during cleaning and realized the danger to the kids. This is the first time that a snake has come under the pool,'' said Uday Bhan, the pool's caretaker.Amid the sprawling humanity and entertainment kiosks at Sukhna, there is an ideal habitat for the viper. Apart from crisis-crossing hedges, there is a rockery on an ornamental mound at the entrance from the Lake Club. The mound is beautifully landscaped, with dwarf hedges, thick ornamental shrubs and bougainvillaea bushes, all of which vipers' prefer. The dark morph of the viper caught by Khan indicated it had seen little sunlight amid the thick, eye-pleasing greenery. Caretakers at the lake said they had seen this species during monsoon at the mound.Nearby cafes produce enough garbage to foster a prey base for vipers in the form of rodents, although Khan has earlier rescued cobras and pythons there. The viper is likely to have left its regular territory to find a suitable place for spawning live young as adult snakes are opportunist cannibalists. The young are abandoned at birth, fully armed with glands of haemotoxic venom. The fangs of viper, unlike that of a spectacled cobra, are hinged, movable and very long. They fold but swing into position when ready for use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857508", "title": "Power line snaps, slows down Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters travelling on the Metro's Red line (Dilshad Garden to Rithala) had a harrowing time on Thursday when services were affected, leading to single line train operations between Inderlok and Pitampura.The problem, said Delhi Metro officials, was because of the snapping of the overhead electrification (OHE) line. \"The OHE snapped due to a kite thread. Services were affected from 11.30am to 1.30pm,\" said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesman.Those commuting from Rithala and Rohini to Dilshad Garden, Chandni Chowk and Inderlok had to either wait at the station till the line finally started functioning or turn back. The malfunction with the OHE meant that trains running from Rithala to Dilshad Garden could not go beyond the Pitampura station.The snag meant inconvenience for a number of commuters. Ranjit Kumar and his wife missed their train as they could not make it in time to the New Delhi Railway Station. \"We waited at the metro station as there is no other way to go the railway station,\" said Kumar. \"Since 11:30am, an official stood near the metal detector informing passengers that the metro would not run beyond Pitampura. They have even halted the sale of tickets beyond Pitampura,\" said Shivam Kumar Chaurasia, a passenger traveling from Rohini West to Chawri Bazaar. \"We have been waiting since then for the metro to start functioning,\" Chaurasia added.The Red line connects Rithala, Rohini (west), Rohini (east) and Pitampura to major metro stations like Inderlok and Kashmere Gate. At around 1pm, passengers could be seen standing in groups at Rohini (west) metro station, where lack of information seemed to be rampant. Delhi Metro officials could be seen directing commuters to go till Pitampura. \"Commuters can take a bus from there to Inderlok and then take a metro from there to other stations,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14858335", "title": "Woman's body found at Banastarim", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police have recovered the body of a woman in her mid-forties from Banastarim in Ponda taluka on Thursday.The woman was seen roaming in the area for the last few days by locals and police suspect that she could be a beggar.Ponda police revealed that they got a phone call from Bhoma-Adcolna deputy sarpanch informing them about the presence of the body.The woman used to roam in the village and later sleep in a place at the Banastarim bazaar. It is believed that she died in her sleep.An autopsy was conducted on the body at Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim on Thursday which revealed that the woman died due to some liver problem.The body has been preserved for identification in the GMC mortuary after the autopsy and police have registered a case of \"unnatural death\" under Section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14856775", "title": "4 kids die of Chandipura virus; alert sounded", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Four kids died of the deadly Chandipura virus while two others were saved by doctors in the last 20 days. The health department has alerted all its hospitals to tackle any emergency following the outbreak of Chandipura virus in the district. Besides initiating preventive measures, the department has also started awareness drive in the district.District malaria officer Dr DT Nannaware said six cases of suspected Chandipura were reported since June 20. One of the samples sent to National Institute of Virology in Pune for tests was found to be positive while other reports were awaited. However, symptoms in all the cases are similar and the investigation teams have traced the presence of sand fly that causes Chandipura infection to the places from where these patients came, he said. Unless blood test is positive, such cases are medically termed as acute encephalitis syndrome (ACS), he added.Rutuja Meshram (6) from Sindewahi was the first to succumb to the virus. She was referred to Brahmapuri and later to Nagpur for treatment. She was sent back to Brahmapuri where she died at a charitable hospital on June 21. Her blood report was found positive for Chandipura virus. The next case was of Kallu Jadhav (2) from Gadchandur who died at Civil Hospital on June 25. She was referred from Gadchandur Rural Hospital. Dhanshree Navghade (4) from Nagbhid died of similar symptoms on June 26 at a private hospital. In the latest case, Ritesh Nagose (18 months) from Manora village in Bhadrawati tehsil died of similar symptoms at Civil Hospital here.Sakshi Patil (9) from local Binba ward and Durga Chatte (7) from Jalnagar ward were however saved as they got emergency treatment. Sakshi was admitted on June 24 while Durga two days later. Both the patients recovered after treatment and were discharged.Dr Nannaware said \"children below 15 years of age are susceptible to Chandipura virus. A particular sand fly is responsible for infection. The infected patient develops sudden high fever and gets convulsions leading to unconsciousness. The parents must rush their wards to the nearest hospital if such symptoms are noticed as immediate medical attentions can save their lives. He said such sand fly mostly develops in fissures in damp walls and in cow dung spread in cattle sheds. Hence such places should be kept clean and dry.Dr Nannaware said all rural hospitals and public health centres (PHCs) guidelines about the line of treatment to the patients with ACS symptoms have been issued to medical officers. Paediatricians have also been alerted and asked to report the suspected cases and send blood samples for tests. Villages and wards where sand fly was found have been sprayed with disinfectants, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14856983", "title": "Police give chase, nab sandalwood smuggler", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police have arrested one Ganesh Bhanudas Kurhade (22), resident of Chitale Station, Rahata in Ahmednagar for smuggling sandalwood.The Nashik Road police received a message that a gang of smugglers was escaping in a car in the wee hours on Friday. Assistant police inspector (API) Mukund Deshpande and his team, who were patrolling the area near Saubhagya Nagar, chased the car for over an hour after it was spotted by beat marshals on Jail Road.The accused and four to five others managed to escape in the dark, however, they left behind their car which was carrying stolen Sandalwood from Bhadrakali in it. Police officials said that since the car was in their possession, the culprit could be tracked down. With the help of the documents present in the car, the cops managed to track its owner.The owner, Gudade, informed the police officials that the car had been sold to a Ganesh Kurhade. On Wednesday, after racking his address, the police reached Kurhade's village in Ahmednagar district. A trap was laid and Kurhade was arrested. However, the other culprits are still at large. Officials suspect that Kurhade may be involved in smuggling of sandalwood since a long time. They added that during investigation, the accused may also confess to various crimes he has committed in the past.The police added that they gave a 45-km chase on Aurangabad Road and also fired four rounds in a bid to stop the smugglers. When one of the shots hit the tyre of their vehicle, the culprits left the car and escaped in the darkness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856806", "title": "Dara Singh: Tough wrestler, gentle human being", "text": "NAGPUR: A cheering crowd went berserk with joy as their hero pinned down American wrestler King Kong at the famous Chitnis Park, hub of all exciting activities during the 60s. The crowd of thousands was there to watch the match between Dara Singh and King Kong.Many of those in the crowd were recalling that day on Thursday, as the city joined the nation in mourning Rustam-e-Hind Dara Singh, who passed away in the morning.Remembering that great wrestling bout, Ganesh Kohale, joint secretary of Maharashtra State Wrestling Association, said that Singh would be remembered as a gentle pehlwan. \"I was a member of the Kushti Parishad in those days, when Daraji had come to take part in the contest.\" The entire arena was packed with people, reminisces Kohale. \"His wrestling was called freestyle and it was more akin to what we see in WWF competitions,\" he says.Dara Singh was in the city for two days and had put up at the MLA Hostel, where his breakfast comprised mostly of eggs and milk. \"He was a very gentle and friendly human being, and very much at home with the Nagpur crowd.\" Such was the popularity of this wrestler and actor that tickets to his events were always sold at a premium.Recalling Singh's numerous visits to Nagpur, Ishwar Zade, secretary of Nagar Akhada Parishad, said that Nagpur would always remember both brothers, Dara Singh and Randhawa, as great human beings and mighty wrestlers. \"There were many tournaments which created tremendous excitement. Dara Singh never lost a bout,\" says Zade. \"But my most fond memory is of the time Daraji was in city in 1987 to umpire some competitions at Yeshwant Stadium. I too was a referee. I got an opportunity to chat with him. He was a gentleman, without any airs.\"Ruling the loss of this great persona, ex-MLA Yadavrao Devgarhe who has headed the Nagpur Akhada Sanghatan said that he was introduced to the great wrestler when he had come to attend a felicitation function organized at Yeshwant Stadium. \"He was a great wrestler and a fine actor too. It was a very proud moment for me when I shook his hand and he asked me about my style of wrestling,\" says Yadavrao, a keen wrestler in his younger days.Former chief conservator of forest and wrestler Chandrashekhar Jadhav remembers those high voltage bouts between Dara Singh and Pakistani wrestler Majit Akaram in the late 60s. \"He took up Akram's challenge and defeated him by breaking a few of his bones.\"For another city wrestler, Subhash Hirenwar, Dara Singh was a soft natured giant who was tough in the arena but very childlike amid family and friends. \"I remember, in 1969 he had wrestled with Canadian wrestler Goda and defeated him in a deadlock.\"For wrestler Harihar Bhawalkar, it was a memorable day when Dara Singh paid a flying visit to his Dayaramji Vyayamshala. \"He was very popular at that time in the role of Hanuman. He had come with the actor who played the part of Laxman in the TV serial. We invited him to our vyayamshala and felicitated him.\"GLIMPSES FROM DARA SINGH'S VIDARBHA TOURS1. I can still feel the weight of those hands on my shoulder as he posed for this photograph. I was in class V in 1974,\" said Tejinder Singh Renu, city businessman. \"It was 6.30 in the evening when my father asked me to come along to a popular juice corner at Variety Square as Dara Singh and his brother Randhawa were to visit the place. A huge crowd had gathered there.\"2. \"I shook hands with him and they were so soft, unlike his tough physique,\" said Satish Pimple a renowned artist based in Akola. I met him at the circuit house in Akola in 1974. On his request I drew his portrait. It took me 45 minutes to complete it and he was very happy with the results. He told me, \"Main ache-achcho ko apni fauladi bajoon me jakad leta hoon. Lekin tune to meri taswir bane ke mujhe hi nazar kaid kar liya!\"3. \"He would always visit the local Swarjanik Vyayamshala to do his exercises,\" says Jiyalal Chauhan a city based wrestler. \"During this wrestling competition organized at Yeshwant stadium in 1984, Daraji's brother Randhawa was taking a big beating from a foreign wrestler. In between the bouts, I gave him some mango juice to drink. Daraji told him to buck up and fight back. He won in the next round.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14856935", "title": "Shettar gives BSY due credit", "text": "Unlike his predecessor, chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Thursday said he had made it to the CM's gaddi largely because of the efforts of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa . \"All senior leaders and party colleagues helped me reach this position but Yeddyurappa played a significant role,'' Shettar said.Former CM DV Sadananda had created a furore when he made a statement at a Vokkaliga convention that he became CM because of Vokkaliga support, though it was no secret that he was handpicked by Yeddyurappa.PROTESTS MAR CEREMONYAs Jagadish Shettar and his 33 colleagues took oath, supporters of legislators and former ministers staged protests in various parts of the city, including the gates of Raj Bhavan and Cauvery, the CM's official residence. Supporters of Govind M Karjol also staged a protest when he was denied the deputy CM's post.Police were forced to restrict traffic on Raj Bhavan Road as protests and chaos marred the swearing-in event. Though about 4,000 passes were issued, seating arrangements was made only for 800 people. People struggled to enter the venue as security police denied entry to even those with valid passes.DON'T SAY IT WITH FLOWERSAfter being felicitated by his supporters from North Karnataka at the Palace Grounds, Jagadish Shettar made it known that he does not want any bouquets and flowers. \"Let's not celebrate when people are suffering from drought,'' he appealed. He also made it known that he was serious about the development of his turf, North Karnataka. \"We will expedite all pending irrigation works in North Karnataka region,'' he declared.LUNCH A BIG DRAWSoon after Shettar was sworn in, about 15,000 people were treated to a sumptuous lunch at the Palace Grounds. Separate arrangements had been made here as Raj Bhavan could not accommodate the huge crowd. Even an hour before lunch, the grounds were bustling with people largely from North Karnataka, who hoped to catch the swearing-in ceremony on the large screen set up for the public. Over 250 buses ferried people from various parts of North Karnataka.FLEX WELCOMEApart from fireworks and the usual trappings of celebration, Shettar's well-wishers chose a far more unique - and illegal - method of wishing their party leader: they put up huge cutouts, garish posters and banners across the city of BJP leaders congratulating the new chief minister and ministers. The CM was unaware of this welcome, and it is learnt that nobody bothered to take permission from the BBMP for the posters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14861716", "title": "Indian businessman in New York pleads guilty to illegal ivory sales", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-American businessman has pleaded guilty to selling jewellery and artifacts in Manhattan worth over $2 million made from ivory illegally obtained from endangered and threatened elephants from Africa.Mukesh Gupta, 67, alongwith Johnson Jung-Chien Lu, 56, entered into a plea agreement with the Manhattan District Attorney's office under which Gupta and his firm Raja Jewels must forfeit elephant ivory worth nearly $2 million.The investigation led to the seizure of close to one tonne of illegal ivory articles and items.Gupta, Lu and their companies pled guilty to five counts of illegal commercialisation of wildlife.\"Poachers should not have a market in Manhattan,\" Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement.\"It is unacceptable that tusks from elephants wind up being sold as mass-produced jewellery and unremarkable decorative items in this city.\"Under the plea agreement, Gupta and his company are also required to pay $45,000, which will be donated to the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) for use in the organisation's projects involving elephant population protection, anti-poaching efforts and combating the illegal ivory trade.Lu and his company New York Jewelry Mart must forfeit ivory valued at approximately $120,000 and pay $10,000 to be donated to the WCS.Vance said despite efforts to protect populations of endangered and threatened species, poachers are pushing them to the brink of extinction.\"In order to curb the poaching of elephants in Africa and Asia, we need to curb the demand side of the illegal ivory trade right here at home,\" he said, adding that Gupta and Lu's guilty pleas are a small, but important, step in protecting endangered and threatened elephant species.According to documents filed in court, Gupta illegally sold elephant ivory from his Manhattan store and supplied the ivory to Lu.Investigators and agents seized elephant ivory articles, including bracelets, carved tusks, earrings, charms, pendants, carvings and beads.The elephant ivory items seized from Raja Jewels, which filled more than 70 boxes, had a retail value of more than $2 million.Neither Gupta nor Lu had official permits to sell ivory.The global demand for elephant ivory jewelry, carvings and articles has resulted in a significant reduction in both species' populations.Despite international efforts to halt elephant poaching and stem the illegal ivory trade, the black market for elephant ivory is thriving.Under the New York State Environmental Conservation Law, it is illegal to sell, offer for sale or possess with intent to sell any articles made of endangered or threatened wildlife species unless the seller has been granted a license or permit from the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC).A condition of any such permit is that the applicant or licensee may only sell ivory that meets strict federal requirements regarding proof that the ivory is antique or pre-dates the listing of the species under the US Endangered Species Act (ESA).In 1976, the Asian Elephant was listed as an endangered species under the ESA and in 1978 the African Elephant was added to the list as a threatened species.All elephants today fall into one of these two species listed on federal endangered and threatened species list and so the sale of any elephant ivory is prohibited without a permit from the DEC.According to TRAFFIC, a wildlife trade monitoring organization, in 2011, more than 24 tons of ivory was seized, making it the worst year in elephant death since the 1989 ivory ban.Between 2002 and 2006, four out of every 10 dead elephants were killed by poachers, but today eight out of 10 dead elephants are killed by poachers, according to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora.The largest demand for this illegally traded ivory comes from China and Japan, and popular uses for the ivory include billiard balls, piano keys, carved art and jewelry.DEC Commissioner Joe Martens said as an endangered species, the existence of elephants is threatened whenever opportunists kill them recklessly for their valuable ivory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14857106", "title": "HC warns BDA against piecemeal approach in land use change", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Thursday asked the Bangalore Development Authority not to adopt a piecemeal or case-by-case approach while giving permission for land use change in Bangalore.\"If you do it piecemeal, you're in trouble,\" a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed while refusing to vacate or alter, for the time being, a January 25 interim order.The court had asked BDA not to allow permission for redevelopment and reconstruction except for residential purposes in Malleswaram, Richmond Town, Vasantnagar, Jayanagar, Vijayanagar, Visveshwarpura, Rajajinagar and RT Nagar, among other localities. This order was issued on a batch of PILs relating to the Revised Master Plan 2015. The matter was adjourned to August 16.BDA counsel's plea seeking clarification on the interim order prompted the bench to ask: \"Are there uneducated people at BDA? Can't they understand our order?\"BDA counsel said: \"We haven't touched a single application since the January order... But in areas abutting ring roads, certain permissible usages are there in the master plan itself. We want to consider those applications on a case-by-case basis.\"However, counsel for petitioners, Citizens Action Forum, said such a permission would render the Karnataka Town and Planning Act redundant and complained that Section 14 A of the Act is being indiscriminately used. He also alleged BDA had granted nine such permissions in Malleswaram alone after the interim order.Citizens Action Forum had claimed that master plan 2015, notified by the BDA on June 25, 2007, is without jurisdiction. \"There has been steep reduction in the green belt area from 56% in the 1995 plan to 35% in the present one. In 1995, it was 714 sq km and now it has shrunk by 300 sq km. They have done away with zonal planning by permitting mixed use of land. The increase in floor area ratio (FAR) will increase the density of population and virtually choke the city. This exercise has been done ignoring suggestions of BMRDA as well as BWSSB,\" it argued.Notice to railways on suburban trainsA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen ordered notice to the Railways and the state government with regard to a PIL seeking suburban rail services in Bangalore. Petitioner Satinderpal Chopra claimed that even though many cities like Mumbai, Kolkata, Ahmedabad and Hyderabad have been chosen for such a service, Bangalore has been neglected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14856468", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh district remains cut off, floods hit Diyun", "text": "ITANAGAR: Anjaw district of Arunachal Pradesh is cut-off from the rest of the state since June 20 as a portion of road near Mompani, connecting the district to the rest of the state, was washed off in the recent flashfloods.\"Though the BRO is working since the first day of the disruption of road communication, it is still unable to complete the new formation cutting. The only respite for people is that they can now move out from the district in transit by changing vehicles at the block point,\" said TR Tapu, circle officer of Hayuliang.Food and other commodities are scarce and the prices have gone up due to the extra cost incurred in the head load transit of commodities, Tapu said in a communique here on Thursday. Adding to the woes of the people, there is no mobile network for the last few days while landline telephones are lying defunct since the last three months, the circle added.On the other hand, a fresh wave of floods on Monday badly affected Diyun township in Changlang district. The Diyun Nallah River swelled and overflowed its banks, following torrential rain of 110 mm in the past couple of days, said BK Karki, executive engineer of the water resource department (WRD), at Bordumsa. Though floods have caused destruction, floodwaters have now receded.Small rivers and rivulets, which originate in the mountain ranges of Manabum, often cause havoc in Diyun as on one side of the township is small streams like Diyun Nallah and Jengthukha and on the other side is the Noa Dehing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857875", "title": "Maharashtra will file caveat today", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will file a caveat in the Bombay high court on Friday to prevent any person from challenging its decision to ban sale of gutka and paan masala.A caveat will ensure that the state government is heard before the court decides on the issue.Minister for food and drugs Manohar Naik, in a statement to the legislative assembly on Thursday, said the provision to ban any food product that contains nicotine is provided for in the Food Safety and Regulation (Prohibition) Act, 2011 which is already in force in Maharashtra.\"Though the Act allows these products to be banned for a year, it can be extended every year before it lapses,\" he said.The state is the first to ban paan masala though gutka has been banned in Kerala, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. While gutka contains both tobacco and magnesium carbonate (known to cause mouth and throat cancer), paan masala contains magnesium carbonate.\"A large number of school and college children consume gutka and paan masala and the incidence of throat and mouth cancer is on the rise. Hence the decision to ban paan masala as well,\" said Naik. tnnBetween 2003 to 2011, the Food and Drugs Administration ( FDA ), tested 1,173 samples of gutkha and pan masala. Of these 98% tested positive for magnesium carbonate, said Naik.Meanwhile, outside the assembly, children from Salaam Bombay Foundation visited Vidhan Bhawan to thank the ministers for the decision. The children gave thank you cards and flowers to state home (urban and rural) minister, Satej Patil. Rajashree Kadam, project coordinator of the foundation said that the ban on gutka and pan masala is a serious step towards controlling the consumption of tobacco. \"The next step is to ensure effective implementation of the ban and prevent black market sales of these products.\"\"We have been working for this ban for the last one year. It will take some more time to start implementation. But at least we have the law in place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857601", "title": "Here 1 dies every week of hunger", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a government that flaunts the \"global city\" tag, here is some disturbing news. A recent RTI reply from four Delhi Police districts - out of a total of 11 - received by RTI activist Nayaar Alam has revealed that the city witnessed 737 deaths in the past 14 years either due to hunger or poverty. All deaths were due to hunger or suicides due to hunger and poverty. That on an average is one death every week.However, observers and people in the field say the real number is quite high. Though the other seven districts have replied that no one in their area had died due to hunger or poverty, activists say the reason is that these deaths were never probed seriously. \"Autopsies of the abandoned and homeless are completed in a routine fashion. The investigating officers hardly ever try to find their relatives and attempt to understand the reason behind the death,'' said an NGO worker.Senior government officials, on the other hand, questioned the \"method'' Delhi Police had adopted to establish the exact reason behind these deaths.One of them pointed out that no postmortem report cites poverty as a reason for death and the word `malnutrition' does not necessarily mean that death was due to hunger.Both, however, agreed that the RTI reply stating that 689 of such deaths took place in one district - West - makes it necessary to exercise caution.As the debate rages on, here are the bare facts: In at least two years i.e 2002 and 2005, seventy-six and 72 people, respectively, lost their lives. While in 2002, twenty-one died/committed suicide due to hunger, another 55 died/committed suicide due to poverty. The corresponding figures for the year 2005 are 18 and 56, respectively.According to Alam, a total of 177 people in these 14 years have died due to hunger alone, according to Delhi Police. Though 2002 was the worst in that respect - 21 died that year - in 2010, eighteen and in 2011 fifteen people died. These revelations come at a time when the data of Delhi government states that the per capita annual income in the national capital is Rs 1,76,000.\"These deaths were never brought to public notice, nor are all the deaths accounted for. For hunger deaths to happen, there has to be an acute lack of nutrition which does not support staying out in the open in extreme heat or cold. We need several more shelters to protect these people. Delhi has been able to tackle the problem by setting up shelter homes but more needs to be done,'' said Mohammad Tariq, assistant professor at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, who also heads its urban poverty programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857883", "title": "Jundal reveals source behind procuring 10 Indian SIM cards for 26/11 gunmen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Joining the dots in the conspiracy behind 26/11 attack, LeT handler Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has disclosed a new name to the investigators, who had played an important role in the terror strike. Jundal has told the Intelligence and Delhi Police officials that \"10 SIM cards, used by 10 terrorists, including lone survivor Ajmal Kasab , in Mumbai were procured and sent to Pakistan by Abu Zar, Lashkar-e-Taiba's commander in Jammu and Kashmir\", said a source. Zar, the source added, had asked his accomplices to buy Indian SIM cards from the Valley on fake identity cards and then sent them to the training camp in Karachi , where the 10 terrorists were preparing for the attack on Mumbai.Earlier, Indian agencies had arrested four police officers in Jammu and Kashmir , including Mukhtar Ahmad Sheikh, who reportedly had connections with the Lashkar and had arranged 22 SIM cards, out of which a few had been used in 26/11. Sources say that Zar might have used Sheikh and others for procuring these cellphone connections, and he is a J&K; based Lashkar operative. Agencies are investigating the link between Zar and Sheikh. \"Jundal has disclosed that Zar was given responsibility to procure SIM cards by Lakhvi and Muzammil,\" said the source. Jundal has, however, denied of ever meeting Zar.Jundal's claim also confirms India's earlier investigations that had established that SIM cards were procured from India.Sheikh was arrested by agencies in December, 2008. Sheikh, sources say, was working for police here, but had joined Lashkar helping the organization in militancy activities in the Valley. The other three police officers, who were found involved in illegal activities, were identified by agencies as Riyaz, Mukhtar and Ilyas.The officials refused to give more details about Zar saying, \"All we know so far is that he was an active Lashkar commander in J&K; during 26/11. His job was limited to procuring SIM cards, so his name never figured in our earlier investigations,\" said the source.Jundal has also reportedly given key inputs about some other members of Lashkar in India and Pakistan. Recently, Delhi Police claimed that they are looking for some 'invisible handlers' of Lashkar.Delhi Police has also reportedly got some vital numbers and email conversations of Jundal from his four email IDs. Sources claimed that they have found close to 60 numbers in his cellphone contact list, out of which 15 are suspected to be those of Lashkar operatives and ISI officers in Pakistan, said the source. Jundal has provided enough evidence to Intelligence Bureau on the role of Pakistani state actors in the 26/11 attack, which New Delhi is going to use to nail Islamabad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14858799", "title": "Counselling of released Pak prisoners yet to begin", "text": "JAIPUR: For the seven Pakistani citizens stranded in India even after completion of their jail term, it might be a long wait even as the first step towards their deportation -- counselling by Indian and Pak authorities -- is yet to take place. Sources claimed that their addresses in Pakistan have not been verified by Indian and Pakistan authorities leading to the delay.TOI had brought to fore the plight of these seven, four of whom are undergoing psychiatric treatment at a hospital in Jaipur. The four are Abdul Hamid (held in December 2011 from Ramgarh), Hamid Khan (January 2010, Jaisalmer), Javed Aslam (October 2011, Jaisalmer) and Harshidha (December 2005, Khajuwala). Three others, Mohammed Amin (June 2010, Karanpur), Maqsood Ali (July 2009, Raisinghnagar) and Naqvi, are at Alwar detention centre. These Pak citizens had completed their jail term in March and are waiting for the deportation process to begin since then.\"As per normal procedure, the ministry of home affairs (MHA) notifies the Pak embassy when its citizen is to be deported. Then a joint counseling is held with these prisoners,\" a senior officer at the Alwar detention centre told TOI. He added that on the basis of prisoners' statement, their addresses in Pakistan is verified. \"This is the very first step towards their deportation. How much more time they will have to wait here is not known as even the counseling has not begun,\" the officer said.The officer said the counseling should have happened even when they were serving the jail term, so they could have been deported immediately after their release. \"They can't be allowed to roam freely after their release, so police again took them into custody,\" he said. Police sources said most of the seven \u2014 in the age group of 40 to 60 years \u2014 were arrested after entering India from Pakistan through the international border along Jaisalmer, Barmer and Sriganganagar. Three of the seven were held under CrPC sections which authorize police to detain them as suspicious persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14856662", "title": "Three-year-old dies in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A three-year-old toddler died when the autorickshaw he was travelling in with his mother overturned after being hit by a white-coloured car near Ram Nagar Square on Wednesday afternoon.Soumya Bhave, elder of two brothers, was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital where he was declared dead. Mangala was returning to her Ram Nagar residence after visiting her mother with Soumya when the incident took place. She was getting off from the autorickshaw when it fell on its side after being hit from behind. The car driver fled the spot without helping the victims.Two youths, who witnessed the accident, helped the injured to reach the hospital. Ambazari police have registered a case against the unidentified driver and recorded the statement of Mangala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14861399", "title": "Nilansh's first b'day bash", "text": "Doting parents Bakul,a banker by profession and Payal Sikka organised a befitting bash to celebrate the first birthday of their son Nilansh on Wednesday.Bakuls colleagues and friends joined in the celebrations,a few like Govind and Rajesh coming from Chandigarh.But since it was the birthday,it was the bachcha party which enjoyed the most.The anchor for the evening,Minisha,kept the kids busy with a variety of activities like dancing,air rifle shooting and water colour tattooes.While Bakul was seen giving company to his mates,Payal was busy catching up with friends Shalini,Nancy,and Aditi and receiving compliments for making all the arrangements for the night.Rinky enjoyed a barf-ka-gola while Priyanka got click-happy and was seen taking pictures of the guests at the party.Shalini and Ranjul kept each other company most of the evening which ended with games for the young and the old.Manmohan Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14862030", "title": "The firstlook of Muktodhara is out now!", "text": "The firstlook of much awaited Rituparna Sengupta starrer 'Muktodhara' is out now!'Muktodhara' is a film by Ichche makers Nandita Roy and Shiboprosad Mukherjee. The film is based on prison inmates, and stars Rituparna Sengupta and real-life convict Nigel Akkara,who has served nine years in Presidency Jail.Rituparna Sengupta, Nigel Akkara, Nandita Roy, Shiboprosad Mukherjee all were present at the event.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858156", "title": "'CM better spinner than Shane Warne, Murlidharan'", "text": "PANAJI: The opposition, on the first day of the monsoon session, launched an attack on the Manohar Parrikar-led government, saying it has totally failed to protect the environment, curb corruption and maintain law-and-order.It further pointed to the government's silence on the Shri Ram Sena wishing to set up in Goa, and said it had done U-turns on issues of medium of instruction and mining too.While opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane said there are more bombastic statements than what is seen in reality, independent MLA Vijai Sardesai described Parrikar as \"a better spinner than Murlidharan and Shane Warne \".Participating in the discussion on the motion of thanks to the governor's assembly address in March this year, moved by Aldona MLA Glenn Ticlo, Rane said forms for the Laadli Laxmi scheme are being given through MLAs and members like him have not received the same.\"When I went to the director I was told the forms were not available. I even went to the CM but I didn't get the forms,\" complained Rane, suggesting that the government should issue the forms through the department concerned.On the MoI issue, he asked why 126 schools and not other English medium schools had got the grants.He criticized the government on its Regional Plan 2021 decision and on its announcement of agriculture schemes, which he said are on paper.Sardesai said the CM makes tall statements and when faced with criticism says \"it was just an idea\". He was referring to Parrikar's statement on removal of mining dumps.Questioning the restrictions on photographers covering the assembly, the opposition bencher asked, \"Firstly, there is no strong opposition, so why are you scared?\"Acknowledging the government's positive actions, he said the accompanying tom-tomming has been too much. The announcements also do not reflect on the ground, Sardesai said, adding that nothing's being done to curb the daily robberies and road deaths.As 5.8 lakh people voted for non-BJP MLAs compared to 2.8 lakh for the ruling party, the government should take all sections of society for inclusive development, said the Fatorda MLA, criticizing Parrikar for being silent on Shri Ram Sena.He also slammed the government for its decision to disband the tourist security force, for its failure on the environment front, for not talking to Karnataka on the Mhadei issue, and for not taxing the mining industry, which, Sardesai said, the government was supportive of.Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco demanded that the government should not allow Sri Ram Sena to set up in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "14859500", "title": "Drunk South Africa MP in mid-air scare", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: A drunk South African lawmaker tried to open an aircraft's emergency door while on a flight to India and may now face criminal charges, his party said.Dirk Feldman, who was part of a group of MPs headed for Mumbai, allegedly tried to open the emergency exit of the plane in a drunken state during the flight on Saturday.Feldman, an MP with the opposition Congress of the People (Cope) party, was detained for a few hours by Indian authorities in Mumbai before the Speaker of Parliament Max Sisulu arranged for his return to South Africa . Besides disciplinary investigations, which have been initiated by both Parliament and Cope, Feldman could also be charged criminally because he interfered with flight attendants, caused disruption and put passengers' lives at risk. \"For an MP to behave like that on an international flight is a very serious matter,\" the party told The New Age newspaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14856396", "title": "Assam Human Rights Commission's asks chief secretary to probe flood rehab steps", "text": "GUWAHATI: Taking suo motu cognizance, the Assam Human Rights Commission's (AHRC) division bench, comprising chairperson justice Aftab Hussain Saikia and member Tarun Phookan, on Thursday issued a notice to the chief secretary to launch an enquiry to check the measures taken for rehabilitation of flood-affected people and action taken to check erosion in Majuli during floods.The AHRC asked the chief secretary to conduct the enquiry by an officer of the rank of additional chief secretary and a technical expert and to submit a report before the commission within 90 days.\"The AHRC is perturbed at the breaching of about a 200-m stretch of a 37-km-long embankment of Sonowal-Kochari section, rendering about 1, 30,000 people homeless. Equally alarming has been the washing away of the three stone spurs at Shalmora for construction of which an amount of Rs31 crore had been pumped in. The enquiry should also enclose details of measures taken or proposed to be taken for controlling floods and erosion, funds sanctioned and spent in anti-flood and anti-erosion work, particularly in repair and maintenance of the embankment and stone spars which were washed away,\" said the AHRC order.Fearing inadequate rehabilitation measures by the administration, the AHRC asked the chief secretary to add the details of all ongoing and proposed steps taken by the authorities concerned for rehabilitation of people affected in the report.\"The AHRC expressed concern at the condition of marooned people because of inadequate relief and rehabilitation measures. The administration has been supplying 500 to 1000 grams of rice and 50 to 100 grams of wheat per family,\" said Jyotiprasad Chaliha, a member of AHRC.The rights body also asked for the names of all officers and engineers of Brahmputra Board and state water resources department, during the last five years in this division, in the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14856353", "title": "No-scalpel vasectomy: Pandappilly community health centre tops list", "text": "KOCHI: Men are generally reluctant to undergo no-scalpel vasectomy (NSV), which is the safer and cheaper means of sterilization. The average NSV rate in the state in a year is around two per CHC.However, men in the vicinity of Pandappilly community health centre (CHC) in Muvattupuzha taluk in Ernakulam district seem to be an exception. While many CHCs in the state conduct, on an average, two to three NSVs a year, at Pandappilly there were 41, 84 and 60 no-scalpel vasectomy operations in the last three consecutive years.According to health department officials, CHCs in Angamaly and Cheranelloor in Ernakulam district were in the second and third positions last year with 30 and 20 NSVs, respectively.It's the men who have undergone NSV who motivate others to undergo no-scalpel vasectomy, CHC authorities said. \"Positive words from those who have already undergone NSV have helped us a lot in convincing more men about the merits of NSV over laparoscopic sterilization (surgery for sterilizing women ). It is the fear of losing sexual capacity that stops many from undergoing NSV.The positive speak helps others to shed inhibitions,\" said Dr James Mani, block medical officer, CHC Pandappilly.CHC officials collect the list of eligible couples from primary health centres (PHCs) under it. \"There are PHCs in Valakam, Marady, Manjalloor, Payithra, Kalloorkkad, Avoly, Ayavana and Arakkuzha panchayats. All the PHCs keep a list of eligible couples, and our field staff collect details from there and speak to these couples in person,\" James Mani said.The chances for infection and other complications associated with surgery are comparatively low in the case of NSV.People who undergo NSV can start doing even hard work after a week's rest, he said.Hospital authorities offer maximum privacy to persons who choose NSV.\"We never conduct NSV camps; the operation is done in taluk hospitals,\" James Mani said. It is men from the working class who come forward to undergo this surgery; people in the upper strata are still hesitant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14858610", "title": "High court warning over encroachments in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has warned the Jodhpur Municipal Corporation and traffic police of serious consequences if they do not remove the encroachments on the main roads and smoothen the traffic in a week. In a harsh comment, a division bench of Justice Dinesh Maheshwari and Justice N K Jain II said the officials had lost their abilities to work and that their attitude was disappointing.The court, while hearing a petition on the encroachments in the city on Thursday, asked some questions to the CEO of JMC and the ACP of traffic police. Both of them failed to satisfy the court. The ACP was asked how penalties were imposed on errant drivers and how many licenses were cancelled, how many junctions were there in the city and why policemen on duty were seen elsewhere instead of on roads.Similarly, the court asked the CEO of JMC about efforts made to remove the encroachments and how many of those include big names. The answer by CEO further irked the court, who said that they were not prepared for such types of queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14859289", "title": "Govt likely to keep mum on I-T raids", "text": "BHOPAL: Under fire, the state government is understood to maintain a 'studied silence' over the Income Tax raids on two influential businessmen Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma - both considered close to the BJP- in the monsoon session of assembly beginning next week.With the Congress determined to corner the government the government on the issue, the BJP is learned to have made up its mind to maintain silence to skirt the issue in the House. The BJP is learnt to take a stand that the I-T department being a central government organization, its functioning cannot be discussed and the matter is not a state subject to be debated on in the House.At a meeting this week, Chouhan is understood to have told ministers to keep mum on the issue in the House, BJP insiders said.According to leader of the opposition Ajay Singh, his party is going to corner the government over the I-T raids on the two businessmen.BJP whip and assembly affairs minister Narottam Mishra said he won't comment over the issue, adding that he wasn't aware if the Congress would raise the issue in the House.\"MP Congress spokesman Manak Agrawal said they were going ahead with their statewide protest on Friday to demand a CBI inquiry into the huge wealth amassed by the two businessmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14857497", "title": "Hubby out on bail, woman fears for life", "text": "KOLKATA: More than 10 days after she prevented her husband, Rajesh Giri, from marrying a second time, 25-year-old Puja Kaur met the joint commissioner (crime) of police on Thursday, alleging harassment by Giri's family.On June 27, Puja, with the help of police and social activist Kabita Gupta, had stopped Giri's marriage ceremony, following which he and his father Krishna were arrested. The marriage was also considered null.But since then, Puja had been receiving threat calls from Giri's relatives. On July 2, she was also reportedly approached by his family members and threatened with dire consequences. Puja alleged that the harassment increased after Giri and Krishna were released on bail.The joint commissioner (crime), Pallab Kanti Ghosh assured Puja that police will help her in every possible way. Police will move higher court against the lower court order of bail, Ghosh added.The first wife of Rajesh Giri, who was caught while marrying for the second time, on Thursday met the joint commissioner (crime) saying the family members of Giri were threatening her with physical harm. Puja Kaur married Rajesh Giri in 2010. But Rajesh was marrying another girl, suppressing his earlier marriage.On the day of his marriage, Puja reached the Bibah Mandap at Swabhumi and urged the new bride not to marry this imposter. The marriage stood null and police arrested Rajesh Giri and his father Bhagwan Giri.But ever since this cancellation of the marriage, Puja has been receiving threat calls with dire consequences by the relatives of Rajesh Giri. On July 2, she was accosted by his relatives and threatened with life risk.After Rajesh and his father Bhagwan were granted bail, the intensity of the threat has increased. Puja asked police how they could obtain bail despite such serious offences.The joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh assured Puja that all possible help will be rendered to Puja. Moreover, police will move to higher court against the lower court order. We will ensure that they are put behind the bar.Ever since their marriage, Puja could not enter Rajesh's house as his father Bhagawan disapproved it. She later complained that Rajesh's father lodged a complaint that she would be killed, if she did not get rid of Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14857421", "title": "Soon, you can earn credits for planting trees", "text": "MUMBAI: The government, within three months, would decide on a proposal of offering \"credits\" to residents for planting trees, forest minister Bhaskar Jadhav said on Thursday. Modelled on the carbon credit concept, the social forestry department has proposed to offer incentives, called \"tree credits\", to individuals, corporates, institutions and industries that grow as well as protect trees on plots owned by them or in their possession.An increase in green cover will generate more carbon credits and according to the proposal, the government would offer \"tree planters\" a share of the carbon credits it earns; these credits are proposed to be offered till the tree attains silvicultural maturity and certificates given to the private partners could subsequently be encashed. The social forestry department submitted the proposal on June 21 and the government was considering its approval, Jadhav stated in reply to a query raised by Shiv Sena's Ramdas Kadam and Diwakar Roate in the legislative council.The proposal is aimed at increasing the state's forest cover, which currently stands at 20.13% of the total area. According to norms, Maharashtra must have a minimum forest cover of 33% of its area. To achieve the target, the government had decided to plant 100 crore trees annually for the next five years and that, \"planting of trees on individual lands by private partners\" would also be encouraged, Jadhav said. He also said the trees would be planted, taking into consideration the suitability of the soil condition and the local topography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14858125", "title": "Two Sesa Goa plants in Goa face closure", "text": "PANAJI: Sesa Goa-India's largest producer and exporter of iron ore-is planning to close down its pig iron and metallurgical coke plants at Amona in Bicholim taluka due to lack of supply of iron ore from within and outside Goa.\"Due to lack of transportation of iron ore within Goa, our stocks at Amona are getting exhausted,\" Sesa Goa managing director PK Mukherjee said, adding that the closure of the plants is imminent.He also said this can affect operations of their power generation plant nearby. Sesa Goa is part of the Vedanta group.\"For the last one year, the supply of iron ore from Karnataka has also become scarce and very costly due to closure of all mines in Karnataka as per a court order and stocks getting sold in e-auction. Now the stoppage of transportation of ore from Codli, has hit us very badly. Sesa's plants are running since 1992 without stopping for a single day,\" Mukherjee stated.South Goa collector ND Agarwal had last month issued an order banning movement of trucks in the mining belt until September 12, 2012, in view of the threat posed to lives of people owing to the unsafe conditions of the roads caused by spillage from mining trucks during the monsoon. He later relaxed the order slightly, but there is no movement of mining traffic.The possible closure of the two plants will have implication on Sesa Goa's power plant which is based on gases from its blast furnace and met-coke plant.Goa also buys power from Sesa Goa. \"We buy just around 14-16 MW and as such it will not affect us much unless there are problems with the power stations we are getting power from,\" state chief electrical engineer Nirmal Braganza said. Sources said in the event of the closure of the three plants, which are located along the banks of river Mandovi, around 1,200 employees-through direct and contractual employment-will face lay offs. Most of the employees are from the surrounding villages, a company official said.In view of this, Goa chamber of commerce and industry (GCCI) president Manguirish Pai Raikar has appealed to the state government to immediately permit transportation of lumpy ore for the use of the industry. \"We are appealing to the government to immediately take action in the matter to ensure that there is no shut down,\" Raikar said.In case the company fails to get a supply of ore within the next few days, the expansion facility of met-coke production which is ready for commissioning will also be delayed. Met coke production capacity was to go up by another 2,80,000 tonnes per annum which will make the total met coke production capacity of 5,60,000 tonnes per annum post the current expansions.Erstwhile Sesa Kembla Coke Company Limited (SKCCL), a division of Sesa Goa Limited, was formed in 1993 to address the need to produce metallurgical coke internally. Approximately 65% of the total production of metallurgical coke is consumed by Sesa Industries Limited for its pig iron production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14856876", "title": "Traffic police face manpower crunch", "text": "VARANASI: Finding a solution to the traffic problems is proving difficult as the demand of the traffic police for more manpower is lying unheard at the traffic directorate.The police headquarters and the state government had left the post of SP traffic vacant for past several months. Circle officer (traffic) Santosh Singh, looking after the department in the absence of SP (traffic), said on Thursday that even the positions of sub-inspectors and constables are also lying vacant.In 2010, the then SP traffic had forwarded a proposal to the traffic directorate. He had recommended to deploy three traffic inspectors, 22 TSIs, 202 head constables and 600 traffic constables. However, no attention was paid to the proposal. The traffic department is managing with existing positions of one TI, seven TSIs, 30 head constables and 200 constables. According to Singh, about 25 traffic cops remain on leave at a time. Operating interceptor (for which one TSI and two constables are needed), flying squad (two head constables and four constables), office work, escort duty with CO and TI and in the case of arrival of VIPs and airport duties are also important, for which manpower is engaged.Due to these reasons, he said, deploying traffic police at prominent crossings is possible at 10-12 points only with the existing staff.It clear why the commuters are bound to suffer on most of the roads. In 2010, the traffic police had identified 117 points where deploying cops, especially during working hours, was a must. The CO traffic says that by deploying cops at 60 points, a desired improvement in traffic scene can be ensured.But, due to unavailability of manpower the deployment of TSIs, head constables and constables is becoming possible at maximum 12 points only. At 35 points, he said the cops of civil police are being deployed to regulate traffic while this exercise is being handled by the homeguards at 55 points.Singh said that in view of the problems being faced by the traffic police, he had forwarded a fresh proposal to the directorate with a recommendation to double the existing sanctioned positions. He said that in case of choking of traffic at any point, the CO or the TI are bound to rush there. He said that the interceptor should be placed on highways but due to massive engagement in city, the interceptors are not send to highways.Traders block the road: The traders' fraternity gives valuables suggestions whenever any meeting is called to seek suggestions to ensure improvement in traffic scene. However, these traders forget their own suggestions when it comes to change their habit of displaying articles of their shops by encroaching the roadsides. The same fact was evident at Lohatia on Thursday when the circle officer, Kotwali tried to force the local trader to remove the articles to ensure a smooth vehicular movement on Kabirchaura-Maidagin road.Angered by the CO's action, the local traders came on road and blocked it. The drama continued for more than an hour. To normalize the situation, SP City, SK Singh had to intervene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14856781", "title": "3 school kids die of snake bites, 3 more critical", "text": "GONDIA: Three students of Swami Ramkrishna Niwasi Ashram School of village Makardhokda, about 7km from Naxal-infested Deori, are reported to have died due to snake bites suffered while they were asleep in the school. Three others are critical and have been admitted to Bajaj Hospital, Gondia.The private, aided Swami Ramkrishna Residential Ashram School is located at village Makardhokda near Deori. It has around 330 students from standard I to X. This school is reportedly run by BJP leader Zamsingh Yerne.Sources said the students were fast asleep when a snake crawled into the dormitory and bit six students. The students were immediately shifted to the rural hospital at Deori, where one of the standard I students passed away. Then, the rest of the students were shifted to the Government KTS Hospital at Gondia, where yet another student died. The remaining students were then shifted to Bajaj Hospital, where the third student died while undergoing treatment.The names of the students who died are, Somesh Baratu Bagdoriya (6), Tomesh Dakmurra (6) and Bhojraj Punai Garatti (14). The names of those admitted to Bajaj Hospital in critical condition are Nitin Puram (14), Nutan Tugreki (12) and Mahesh Uikey (11). Headmaster PL Hukare said all these students were sleeping on mattresses on the ground.The head master, superintendent MM Baraskar and teachers who are supposed to stay in the school at night, rarely stay there beyond 9.30pm, said sources. After this, the students are left in the care of the attendant FF Kore and cook SD Markam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14857351", "title": "BJP chief exempted from appearing in court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court exempted Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta from personally appearing before it on Thursday in response to fresh summons issued against him in a defamation case filed by chief minister Sheila Dikshit.Metropolitan magistrate Saumya Chouhan deferred the matter till August 31, seeking Gupta's presence in court that day.The magisterial court had on June 22 issued fresh summons to Vijender Gupta for July 12 after he had failed to appear before the court in response to its earlier summons issued on June 4.During the hearing, Gupta's counsel Abhay Kumar Verma, appearing before the court in his civil dress in support of the ongoing boycott of work called by the Bar Council of India, told the judge that the Delhi BJP president was not able to appear due to prior engagements of his party work.The counsel, however, pressed for the presence of the Delhi chief minister, saying \"being the complainant in the case, she should also appear before the court\".Verma also told the court that the issue is pending before the Delhi High Court.Gupta had moved the Delhi High Court seeking quashing of the summons issued against him.The high court while issuing notice to Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit on Gupta's plea, had refused to stay the summons issued against him. It had, however, granted him liberty to approach the magisterial court to seek exemption from personal appearance on July 12.The summons were issued against the Delhi BJP President on Dikshit's allegation that he had used \"uncivilised language\" to defame her before the MCD polls, held on April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14856534", "title": "10 feared dead in Meghalaya coal pit", "text": "SHILLONG: At least 10 workers are feared dead in a coal pit in Meghalaya's South Garo Hills district because of unscientific mining.Last Friday, 25 miners got trapped in a 100-metre deep coal mine at Nengkhol village in the district when they accidentally punctured the wall of an abandoned mine, which was full of acidic water. While 15 of them managed to come out of the pit, the rest got trapped. Officials said they have very little hope of those inside being alive.\"Two teams of NDRF based in Guwahati arrived at the coal mine late last night and rescue operations are on. Besides, the district administration has engaged 10 water pumps,\" a senior official said.Interestingly, the whereabouts of the 15 miners, who reportedly managed to come out of the pit, is yet to be known.Officials said the number of miners trapped inside could be more. The exact details could be known once the rescuers manage to reach those trapped inside. The South Garo Hills district administration has ordered a judicial enquiry into the incident even as three persons, including the mine owner, have been arrested for resulting in the tragedy due to negligence.Mineral-rich Meghalaya, at present, does not have a mining policy in place and as such coal and other minerals are extracted by mine owners without any mechanism to ensure welfare and safety of miners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14858961", "title": "Ten coal miners feared dead in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: At least 10 workers were feared dead in a coalpit in Meghalaya's South Garo Hills district because of unscientific mining.Last Friday, 25 miners got trapped in a 100-m deep coal mine at Nengkhol village in the district when they accidentally punctured the wall of an abandoned mine, which was full of acidic water. While 15 of them managed to come out of the pit, the rest got trapped. Officials said they have very little hope of those inside being alive.\"Two teams of NDRF based in Guwahati arrived at the coal mine last night and rescue operations are on. The district administration has engaged 10 water pumps,\" an official said.The whereabouts of the 15 miners who reportedly managed to come out of the pit are still unknown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14857794", "title": "Scan on 'negative' job growth in review meet", "text": "RANCHI: There has been negative employment generation in some districts of Jharkhand in 2011-12 under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).A review meeting of the MGNREGA in various districts of Jharkhand took place at the South Chhotanagpur divisional commissioner's office on Thursday with five divisional commissioners and deputy commissioners.\"Slackness of the rozgar sewaks and local functionaries can be one of the reasons behind the negative employment. Hence all the commissioners were ordered to review the ground reality in those panchayats in the districts. They should also look at the labour department's budget and whether the schemes are being implemented in a proper manner so that a positive employment generation takes place,\" said Surendra Singh, the South Chhotanagpur divisional commissioner.He said the management information system (MIS) entry should be completed for 2011-12 by July 31. Many districts have made the entry but there are some districts which need to register themselves. Efforts \"are on to make the whole system fully computerized,\" said Singh. E-muster rolls should be started which will help in knowing the number of labourers working at present. \"Earlier everything was done manually because of which it was difficult to know the numbers of labourers working. The e-muster roll is a step towards that direction,\" said Singh.Ranchi district has been chosen as a model district for 100% online payment to the labourers in which the payment will directly go into the labourers account. Hence removal of middlemen will also take place so that labourers get their proper due. In Ranchi, work has started in two blocks of Kanke and Rahe for online payment.There are many wells which are incomplete in many districts in the state. \"The authorities have been ordered to complete that by July 31. There are 1,200 wells altogether in the state which are incomplete. In Gumla, there are 176 wells which are incomplete. So the work has to be completed by the given time,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858543", "title": "Plans afoot to take NCTC out of IB's ambit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union home ministry will approach the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) after July 19 presidential poll for approval of the revised draft for NCTC that will be taken out of the ambit of the Intelligence Bureau (IB).The revised order, once issued, will also re-phrase certain 'words' used in the original notification regarding powers (arrest, search and seizures) given to the anti-terror body, clarifying that these powers including conduct of operations would be used only when there is an utmost urgency.Faced with strong opposition from several chief ministers to the earlier proposal of NCTC, the home ministry has prepared a revised plan for implementing the ambitious project and will approach the CCS, headed by Prime Minister, for its approval.\"After the CCS approval late this month or early next month, a revised order will be issued to operationalize the NCTC,\" an official said.According to the new plan, the NCTC will now be kept out of the ambit of the IB and will be an independent entity directly reporting to the home ministry.The revised plan for NCTC has been prepared after the Centre faced strong opposition to the anti-terror body from chief ministers at a specially convened meeting on May 5.Those who opposed NCTC include chief ministers like Naveen Patnaik (Odisha), J Jayalalithaa (Tamil Nadu), Narendra Modi (Gujarat) and UPA key ally Mamata Banerjee (West Bengal). They said the central body with such powers will hurt the federal structure of the country. Some of the CMs had also objected to the move of keeping NCTC under the intelligence agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "14857700", "title": "5,000 card holders, but no ATM", "text": "NAWADA: For the 5,000 plus customers who were issued ATM cards SBI, Warsaliganj branch, in Nawada district four years ago, it is an endless wait for the ATM (automatic teller machine).The shifting of the ATM allotted to Warsaliganj branch to Lakhisarai two years ago by the local head office (LHO), Patna , is being viewed as rubbing salt to the wounds by frustrated customers. The Warsaliganj SBI branch has the distinction of being the only branch in the entire district, which despite having over 50,000 customers and an annual turnover of more than Rs 8 crore does not have an ATM. The SBI, which opened a branch in Hisua in 2011, has been provided with an ATM. Even the Punjab National Bank (PNB) and the Oriental Bank, which opened their branch at Warsaliganj recently have their own ATMs.Branch manager, Manish Kumar, on Tuesday informed TOI that though he had written 4 to 5 letters to the LHO and had sent over a dozen telephonic reminders, the ATM is yet to materialize. He, however, assured that the LHO was 'alive' to the need of an ATM here and would allot an ATM. Manish Kumar further said several customers, who arrive at the bank at 8 am itself by train from adjoining Kashichak and Shahpur areas, due to inadequate road transport communication, have to wait for the branch to open. Had their been an ATM here, they would not had to wait for long time, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14858147", "title": "Kharif produce hinges on next 10 days\u2019 rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: A lot is riding on the Met's predictions of improved rainfall over the next 10 days with a late and staccato monsoon slowing sowing by 2 million hectares in the current kharif season.The lag in sowing is certain to affect coarse grain production, but it is not as yet irrecoverable for paddy while there is an increase in sugarcane and cotton acreage as compared to last year. Oilseeds need to be watched out, but sowing of pulses has picked up and is expected to gather more pace.The sowing and likely production scenario is evenly poised and officials point to the Met's forecast of a brisker monsoon in July saying improved and well distributed rains are absolutely critical to ensure production of cereals is not seriously affected.Deficient rainfall in Karnataka and Maharashtra mean coarse grains like jowar, bajra and ragi are not likely to recover but there is hope for paddy despite a slowdown in sowing as precipitation in states like Andhra Pradesh , UP, Madhya Pradesh , Himachal and Uttarakhand has improved. Better rains are expected in Punjab and Haryana, but deficiencies can largely made up by irrigation and groundwater.If expectations of a more consistent monsoon are belied, production will take a hit and it will be possible to project the likely shortfall by the third week of July. If the overall prediction of July rainfall aggregating 96% of long-term average does not pan out, it will be difficult for the monsoon to make good the deficiency in August and September.However, the government is hoping for a better scenario with the overall deficiency in rainfall shrinking in the last 10 days and more rainfall is predicted over the next few days. The monsoon has been active in the north-west region, an area where the Met has predicted 93% of LPA precipitation for the season.The rainfall pattern suggests while the monsoon may not fail, it could play hide and seek with bursts of rainfall alternating with breaks. Officials at the agriculture ministry are hoping that there will not be prolonged dry spells or zones of severe deficiencies that create a crisis of drinking water as is being feared in parts of Karnataka and Maharashtra.India produced a record 252.56 million ton of foodgrains in 2011-12 and rice production stood at a record 103.41 million ton. Contingency plans are being worked out in terms of likely shifts in crop selection and officials feel that even in the event of a depressed monsoon, production will not be affected too severely.So far, sugarcane has been planted on 5.28 million hectares against 5.03 million hectares a year ago. Farmers have planted cotton on 4.66 million hectares, higher than last year's 4.28 million hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "14856659", "title": "Cong demands action in anganwadi tragedy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The Opposition Congress on Thursday blamed the state government of not effectively utilizing central funds meant for anganwadi centres and demanded stern action against those responsible for the recent tragedy in which seven children were killed in Nayagarh district's Ranpur area.\"Had the state government spent central funds for anganwadi centres, such a tragedy could have been averted,\" OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik said after visiting Suansia village along with senior party leaders. The Congress delegation included Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh and Union minister of state Srikant Jena. Niranjan said the Congress will wait for the government inquiry reports. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had asked all district collectors to identify the 'unsafe' anganwadi centres, hospitals and school buildings by July 25.On Monday, seven children, including three girls, were crushed to death and seven others injured when the wall of an anganwadi centre caved in at Ranpur, about 100 km from here. The incident took place when children were having mid-day meals in their classroom at an anganwadi centre functioning in Nelia Upper Primary School campus at Suansia village when the brick wall collapsed.Jena said the government should take stringent action those whose irresponsibility led to the incident. \"There should not be any politics over this. It's a human problem, which is why we have come to visit the area,\" he added. BJD's local MLA Satyanarayan Pradhan, in turn, accused the Congress of playing politics and said: \"It was an accident and nobody intentionally did anything.\"Meanwhile, two anganwadi workers, Golap Dei and Mrinamayee Paikray, who were suspended after the Sunasia wall collapse incident, sought strong action against senior officers. The two anganwadi workers alleged that senior officers such as block resource centre co-ordinator (BRCC) and cluster resource centre coordinator (CRCC) were well aware of the dilapidated condition of the building in which the children were imparted education but they did not bother to arrange any alternative place. \"We had informed the BRCC and the CRCC about the bad condition of the building, but they did not bother to arrange any alternative place to run the anganwadi centre. We were made sacrificial lambs in the case,\" alleged Golap Dei. \"Stringent action should be taken against these senior officers as they are also responsible for the incident,\" added Mrinamayee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14856779", "title": "Odisha JEE qualifiers struggle to make sense of engineering college advertisements", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Differing interpretations of an Orissa high court order by Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) authorities and private engineering colleges have left OJEE qualifiers seeking admission into engineering colleges confused.Some private engineering colleges on Thursday published advertisements that the choice locked for admission can be unlocked and one can change one's list of preferences filled during the e-counselling in view of extension of choice filling dates by the high court. But OJEE authorities described the advertisements as misleading and did not entertain students' request for such changes.\"I visited a nodal centre to change my choice after seeing the advertisement. They turned down my request,\" said a student.OJEE authorities said the court has only extended the deadline. \"The advertisements are misleading. Students unnecessarily came to the nodal centres requesting for change in their preference. The court only extended the last date to lock choices from July 12 to July 16, not to change the already locked choices. These can't be changed,\" said OJEE secretary Priyabrata Sahoo.The HC on Tuesday had directed the state government to extend the last date of OJEE engineering counselling by four days while acting on a bunch of petitions filed by various private engineering colleges. The colleges had alleged that even though All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) had approved increase in seats in 20 private engineering colleges, the OJEEE had not allowed these colleges to participate in counselling.Private engineering colleges stood by their advertisements in newspapers, describing these as in accordance with the court order.\"The HC order clearly allows change in the locked choices. When students locked their choices by July 10, we had no second shifts. Now we have second shift. Unless those who locked their choices by July 10 are given a chance, students with higher ranks will not be able to take admission in our college while those with lower ranks can. This is subversion of justice,\" said S K Rout, chairman, CV Raman College of Engineering.Rout said the college will file a contempt petition against OJEE.The college got permission has second shifts in mechanical and electrical branch, which was added in OJEE seat matrix from July 10.Contrary to the interpretation by section of the private colleges, Odisha Private Engineering College Association (OPECA), however, said the HC order did not allow consideration of already locked choices. \"The HC only extended the deadline. The order doesn't mention about reconsidering students who have already locked their choices,\" said OPECA honorary secretary Binod Dash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14857846", "title": "4 rebels hurt", "text": "DHANBAD: Four Naxalites were injured and two arrested in a five-hour long encounter between police and Maoists at Jamdaha in Pirtand of Giridih district on the Dhanbad-Giridih border on Thursday.The operation was led by Giridih SP A V Honkar, who claimed police recovered many cartridges and arms from the hideout of the Maoists who had organized their meeting at Jamdaha. Police also found literature and uniforms. There was no injury from police side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14857215", "title": "CPS suspends 8 underage student drivers for a week", "text": "NAGPUR: Heeding a call by the city police to discourage underage drivers, Centre Point group of schools (CPS) has cracked the whip on eight of its students who were found riding two-wheelers without a valid licence. CPS Wardhaman Nagar suspended seven students while the Dhaba branch suspended one for a week.TOI had reported on March 30 on CPS' decision to expel underage drivers enrolled in their schools and sent a letter to parents as a warning. The letter was given to parents whose children were enrolled for Std VI to Std X.While CPS group did not take the extreme step of expelling the errant students, it hopes the one-week suspension will serve its purpose. Mukta Chatterjee, principal of CPS Wardhaman Nagar, said, \"Our sole purpose of taking this action is to ensure safety of the kids themselves. Of the total seven students that we suspended, four were driving vehicles and three were riding pillion.\"She added that after the action no other student has been spotted driving vehicles. \"I just hope this is not just a temporary situation where everyone has fallen in line because of the suspension, I would like to believe that it is something that will continue,\" said Chatterjee.Radhika Mehra, principal of CPS' Dhaba branch said, \"City police officials had held a meeting with all principals and asked to take action against such kind of behaviour, and we have done it.\"Police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay commended the action taken by CPS, saying other schools should also follow. \"Schools have a moral authority and responsibility to ensure students' safety on the road. They must exercise that authority to educate, guide and if required - punish. These suspensions may seem harsh at first but for all you know these schools have saved lives,\" said Dhanvijay.Even for students who are of legal driving age, CPS has decided not to take any chances. Chatterjee said, \"All standard XI and XII students who bring vehicles have been asked to submit an attested copy of their driving licence which we are attaching with their admission form. We were surprised to know that an overwhelming majority of the kids did not have licence even though parents had provided them with a vehicle.\"Dhanvijay agreed that parents have to show more responsibility. \"Last year, a resident of Kamptee Road purchased a vehicle for his 15-year-old daughter who then met with a fatal accident along with her kid brother. Because of the father's action two innocent children are dead, leaving a big vacuum in the family,\" said the CP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14858621", "title": "Counterfeit notes of Rs 2L seized in 2011", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Reserve Bank of India (RBI) authorities have seized more than Rs 2 lakh in fake currency in 2011 and also slapped penalty against some bank officials of the region for the same.The recovered fake currency notes included Rs 50, Rs 100, Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 and RBI authorities have deposited these at police station in Sector 17. Police sources said maximum fake notes, 406, were seized on March 16, 2011 and these included seven notes of Rs 1,000 and 352 notes of Rs 100. The fake currency was detected with the help of special machines installed at RBI-17.The latest booty of fake currency, 284 notes, which included seven of Rs 1,000, 29 of Rs 500, 219 of Rs 100 were seized on April 19, 2011. The fake notes have been deposited with police station in Sector 17 and a detailed development report (DDR) was also lodged in this regard.A senior RBI official told TOI, \"It is very difficult to ascertain who deposit the fake currency with the bank because money was received from different parts of India, especially from the different branches situated throughout northern India.\" The RBI official maintained, \"We can't destroy the seized fake currency notes without informing area police and we also sought help from cops to detect the source of these notes.\"SHO of PS-17, Ram Gopal, said, \"Regular DDRs were registered whenever RBI approached the police station for lodging complaints about the detection of fake currency notes in RBI, Sector 17.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14857481", "title": "Police raid cloth shop, arrest opium smuggler", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A team headed by officer-in-charge of Ichak police station, R Sammad after arresting an opium smuggler conducted a raid on Wednesday night at a Chouparan shop and seized more than four kgs of opium worth over Rs 10 lakh in the international market,Sammad said that after getting a tip-off, they arrested a man from Ichak who was allegedly dealing in illegal trade of opium for quite some time. On receiving information, the police team conducted a raid on Wednesday night at Deva Sao's cloth shop at Chouparan on G T Road (NH-2) and seized over four kgs of opium packed in two bags covered with clothes. Police have arrested Sao, his son Anil and two others in this connection after sealing the shop.He said all arrested persons were brought to police station for interrogation. It was at the police station where accused Deva Sao confessed to the crime before the police. He said of late he was secretly selling opium on the G T Road, where people from all over the country pass every day after obtaining it from the smugglers. This was second seizure of opium from the highway by the Ichak police. Ten days ago, four persons along with two kgs of opium were arrested from the area. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-13"}
