{"city": "None", "code": "15029363", "title": "Shruti signs her third B-Town film", "text": "Her debut Bollywood venture Luck might not have proven lucky for Shruti Haasan, but the girl is sure her third B-Town venture with Prabhu Dheva might just give her the lucky break!Shruti has signed on to be part of Prabhu Dheva's next for producer Kumar Taurani (of Tips). This film will also mark the debut of Kumar's son Girish.This untitled film is touted to be a remake of Prabhu's Telugu venture Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana , starring Siddharth and Trisha in the lead. Interestingly, the film was remade in Tamil as Unakkum Enakkum with Jayam Ravi and Trisha. Both the films were big hits at the BO.While Prabhu Dheva confirms the news, Shruti also tells us, \"I'm doing PD's next Bollywood directorial and can't wait to start work on it. I was waiting for an official announcement before I could talk about the project.\"While Prabhu Dheva's last directorial Rowdy Rathore has turned out to be a massive hit, Shruti's role in her last Telugu film, Gabbar Singh , has fetched her much applause. Let's wait and see how their combination works out!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027635", "title": "Microsoft behind world\u2019s most viewed photograph", "text": "If you owned a Windows XP computer, then you viewed the image that has recently been called the world's most viewed photograph. Called the Bliss, it is the default wallpaper for the Luna theme of Microsoft's XP operating system, which was a big hit for the company. This success of the OS brought the photograph to the living rooms of as many as a billion people, if a blog is to be believed.However, Charles O'Rear, the photographer who clicked the iconic picture, feels that the one-billion-figure is an educated guess rather than a fully-accounted-for statistic. Nevertheless, he does agree that the picture is easily one of the most recognisable across the world.He says, \"All the folks I talk with agree it is the most 'recognisable' photo ever. If it were shown to a villager in rural China, for example, good chance they would recognise it. If it were shown to astronauts on the ISS, good bet they would know it, too. I have seen it appear in photos of the White House situation room, the Kremlin, etc.\"O'Rear took the picture five years before Windows XP was rolled out, when he was passing through Napa Valley in California. After he captured the image, he refrained from altering or digitally improving it in any way. Though it is not known how much Microsoft paid for the photograph, O'Rear says that the amount was \"extraordinary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024524", "title": "Another doctor caught stealing power", "text": "NAGPUR: Another doctor has been caught pilfering power by Spanco vigilance squad. This time it is an orthopaedic surgeon Dr Shamim Khan, whose residence and nursing home are located at Shanti Nagar. The total theft amount is around Rs8.90 lakh.A Spanco official said that Khan had tampered with both the residential and commercial meters. \"While going through the energy bills in the past months, the consumption was found to be low even though there was a large number of electrical appliances.\"The squad found out that the residential single phase energy meter was tampered with by bypassing the neutral connection in such a way that the meter registered 85% less consumption.\"We found a three-phase change over switch in a corner of the nursing home, which is not easily visible. The consumer used the switch in such a manner that the residential meter registered some consumption. For most of the time it was bypassed,\" the official said, adding that the assessment was Rs55,649 for this meter.The commercial three-phase meter was also tampered with and the assessment was Rs8.33 lakh.The doctor has been booked under Sections 126 and 135 of Electricity Act 2003 for unauthorized use of electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025515", "title": "Phase II of airport modernization to begin next month", "text": "PUNE: Work on the construction of six new hangars for small aircraft and an independent administrative block for the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), is set to begin early next month at the city's Lohegaon airport.The project also involves extension of the canopy on the city side of the existing airport terminal building, by another 50 ft. \"A Vizag-based private contractor has been given the contract for these works, totally involving a cost of Rs 25 crore,\" AAI Pune director PSRK Sudhakar told TOI on Monday.\"The new facilities are expected to be in place by the end of August 2013,\" he said. \"We have cleared the project site to facilitate the beginning of the construction activity. Actual work will begin early next month,\" he added.The new facilities are part of the second phase of the airport's expansion and modernisation drive and are crucial for creating additional space and better services, especially for non-scheduled small aircraft owned by private companies based in Pune. The airport handles nearly 7,000 passengers every day for the 40-odd flights that operate from Pune.Phase-I of the modernisation drive was launched in August 2008 ahead of the Commonwealth Youth Games, hosted by the city.During that phase, 12,000 sq m space was added to the airport in the form of new international arrivals and departures, terminal buildings on either side of the old building as well as other facilities like expansion of the apron; a new taxi way etc, all at the cost of Rs 100 crore.As of now, all the AAI offices are located on the first floor of the old terminal building. In the last few years, the number of AAI officials and employees has gradually increased from nearly 100 to the present 300.Similarly, the number of employees of the CISF, which provides security cover to the airport, has also gone up to 352. All the present offices will shift to the new administrative block, which will create some additional space at the old terminal building for other facilities, he said.There are at least half a dozen private companies which operate non-scheduled small aircraft from Pune. However, there is no adequate space for parking of these aircraft in the absence of a dedicated facility like hangars.The new administrative block will be a ground-plus-two structure located near the entrance of the airport terminal building. It will have a VIP lounge with independent access to the airport terminal building.Usually, the terminal building gets congested whenever a VIP is flying in or out of the airport. The proposed lounge will ensure that there will be no such situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025659", "title": "Water cut delayed in Jan, Pune pays in July", "text": "PUNE: The two-month delay in reducing supply for the city and diverting water meant for Pune to appease vote banks in the district ahead of the civic elections in February 2012 are responsible for the dire water situation today, members of the opposition and civic activists said.Had the civic body acted promptly on the irrigation department's instructions issued on December 27, 2011, about introducing water-saving measures from January 1, 2012, the city could have avoided such a mess, they said.Rationing through water cuts, one way to ensure supply till the monsoon replenishes the reservoirs, was announced only in March after the results for the February 2012 civic elections were declared.With the city facing a crisis, political parties have targeted deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's water policy. Pawar, who is also the guardian minister, has been bitterly criticized for improper water management and for giving water to rural areas to woo voters ahead of the local elections in February.The water level in the Khadakwasla dam project, which includes Varasgaon, Temghar and Panshet, dipped by 2.78 TMC immediately after last year's monsoon because water was discharged for kharif crops, an irrigation department official said. Another 3.50 TMC was used for drinking purpose. Even so, the Khadakwasla project, which has a capacity of 29.16 TMC, had 27.40 TMC on October 15, 2011.Three months later - on December 27, 2011 - Pawar, after a meeting with irrigation department officials, asked the civic administrations of Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad to initiate steps for better water management as the reservoirs in Pune district had 2.5 TMC less water when compared to 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024984", "title": "Supreme Court unhappy over roadblocks in Jaipur development", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court has observed that it is unfortunate that the public representatives in Jaipur are creating obstacles in the development of the Pink City as a world class one.The empowered committee, constituted by the apex court to examine the development of Pink City as a world-class one, submitted its report on July 13. The Supreme Court made the above observations based on the report findings.On the other hand, the court appreciated the efforts of the empowered committee for removing encroachments in the Walled City. After the findings, the Supreme Court had mentioned the committee was not focused on removing encroachments, but planned proper rehabilitation of them.As the state government has shown apprehensions over initiating the pilot project for ducting (underground tunnel for wiring) in the Walled City, the court asked the state government to submit the affidavit within two weeks in this regard.Recently, in a seven-point letter, dated July 3, addressed to the empowered committee, the urban development and housing department has mentioned the reasons for not initiating the Rs 3,404 crore pilot project at this point of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025015", "title": "Azam Khan alleges plot to kill him during Mayawati's rule", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader and UP cabinet minister Azam Khan on Tuesday said that during Mayawati regime, there was a plot to eliminate him in an encounter. Asked what stopped him from filing a complaint in this connection till now, Khan said that he would take necessary action at an appropriate time.This is not the first time that Azam Khan has talked about threat to his life. Barely a month after the Samajwadi Party government came to power in March 2012, he spoke about a political plan in the making to murder him. He had then said that we was gathering information on the issue and would initiate action against those involved at the right time. In May 2012, he received an anonymous phone call threatening him of dire consequences. The call was traced to have originated from a district in western UP and was discovered to have been made from a sim card issued on forged documents.Talking to reporters in Rampur on Tuesday, Azam Khan said he was informed about a plan to kill him in an encounter during the Mayawati regime. He said that he is trying to ascertain if the scores of police cases lodged against him within a span of a week at different police stations were a part of this very plan of the then government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025803", "title": "Govt for survey of Mughal site, no new construction", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a meeting held to discuss the alleged remains of the Akbarabadi Masjid foundin the Walled City ,it was decided that no fresh constructions would be allowed in the area since Delhi Government's Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Board was working on the development of the area . Senior government officials , who attended the meeting , also agreed that there was an urgent need for a study of the area where the remains of the mosque had been discovered .Sources said some fresh constructions had been found in the area .Thestudy will help confirm the authenticity of the findings and help the government decide the future course of action . The remains of the Mughal era structure were discovered about a month ago , but it is still unclear whether they belong to the Akbarabadi Masjid that was demolished by the British in 1857 or another structure from the same period . Locals , however , have started offering Friday namaz at the site .Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Board has been assigned the task to improve the Walled City areas , including shifting overhead electrical wires , landscaping , improvement of roads and ambience of the congested old Delhi area . The issue of the masjid has involved multiple authorities , including Archeological Survey of India ,which has chosen to stay silent and now the Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Board has also been roped in . Sources say the government is worried that the area might become a place of religious worship . Matia Mahal MLA Shoaib Iqbalhas already indicated plans to build another mosque in the area and said that no heritage body would be allowed to take over the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15024212", "title": "Blame it on last 3 govts for state's lost glory", "text": "SL RaoAfter SM Krishna's tenure as chief minister, there is little or no semblance of governance in Karnataka. The past three years have seen too much of political turmoil. Karnataka is staring at a severe power crisis, water is becoming scarcer, the drought this year will make it worse, and land issues have remained a bone of contention for a long time. Indeed, land has also become a major source of political and government corruption.At a time when the state was facing acute power shortage, the then new and now former chief minister, BS Yeddyurappa, announced free power to farmers using 10 horsepower irrigation pumpsets. There was no measurement of the quantum of power used, no rules on the water intensity of crops to be grown, no attempt to improve power-usage efficiency of pumpsets. Today, the water table is severely depleted.The government should stop such vote-bank politics and look at addressing power woes. The state can set up separate electricity feeder lines for agriculture (in progress for 2 years but not completed). This measure in Gujarat enabled it to assure guaranteed power to farmers for a specified number of hours, and 24-hour power to others. It also ensures that quantum of cheap or free power is known.The aging Raichur Thermal Power plant has seen frequent breakdowns and stoppages. The skipping of normal maintenance schedules has been one cause. The station also tripped due to shortage of water in the Krishna river, plunging the state into acute power crisis. It was scandalous that the maintenance schedule was stopped in Raichur because some years ago, the state was facing elections. Political interference in management and technical decisions, and eagerness of some engineers to please political masters is responsible for the sorry state of affairs in power.The majority of Karnataka's five electricity supply companies are running deficits. T and D losses in some firms as in Gulbarga and Hubli are excessive and must be brought down. When SM Krishna was the chief minister, he came up with a bold proposal for privatizing power distribution in the state. We have to learn from Sheila Dixit in Delhi as to how she privatized power distribution despite facing flak. Look what she has done to the national capital today. It has given the government additional revenue to the tune of Rs 30,000 crore, which has been used to improve transportation and beautify the city.Karnataka's ailments are purely a reflection of abysmal governance of the past few years. Sadly, we cannot see any chance of improvement since none of the political leadership of parties seems to have the committed leadership that will try to make things better.The last three governments till Yeddyurappa's must be squarely blamed for the state's lost glory as a favourable investment destination. We need a political revolution in the state if power and infrastructure are to get better. Sadly, the remedies are obvious but no one is inclined to give up personal gain for public benefit.SL Rao is economist and chairman, ISEC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15023935", "title": "Lobo wants village p'yats in charge of beach cleaning", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute BJP MLA Michael Lobo (BJP) on Tuesday demanded that beach cleaning, which is done by the tourism department, should be given to the respective village panchayats. He also asked for an amendment to the CRZ rules to help fishermen in the coastal areas.Participating in the general discussion on the budget 2012-13, Lobo said that if the task of beach cleaning is given to local village panchayats along the beach belt from Pernem to Canacona, local people would get jobs.Taking up the grievances of the fishing community, Lobo said that the relaxation given by the Union ministry of environment three years ago during the Congress regime, is restricted only to those who built their houses prior to 1991. He added that the houses which came up later are being issued notices. Fishermen cannot even repair their houses in the 0-500m zone, Lobo added, stressing the need for a CRZ amendment.Referring to the Regional Plan 2021, Lobo said that the government must come up with a modified plan in consultation with the grassroots-level bodies.As for the Calangute-Candolim stretch, appreciating the initiative taken by the chief minister to set up the necessary infrastructure on beaches, Lobo requested the government to also take steps to restore the beaches.Tivim's BJP MLA Kiran Kandolkar suggested that to help Goan boys who have dropped out of school get a driving license, the minimum qualification should be Class V instead of the present Class VIII. This will help Goans get jobs as drivers in the mining belt, he said, adding that currently the drivers are mainly from outside the state.He demanded that the Mopa international airport project be put on the fast track, saying that it would boost the economy and provide jobs to the youth from Prenem and surrounding talukas. Kandolkar also urged the government to see that IAS and IPS officers posted to Goa learn Konkani.While independent MLA from Bicholim Naresh Sawal said the government should ensure that mining in Bicholim is not detrimental to the interests of the constituents, Savordem BJP MLA Ganesh Goankar said that unfair labour practices in government departments should be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024211", "title": "DTE declares schedule for poly admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) has declared seat distribution schedule for admissions to polytechnic courses, the students this year seem to have given thumbs down to these courses like the trend prevailing since last few years. Against 23,000 seats, only 15,000 forms were submitted. In all probability, nearly 8,000 seats might lie vacant this year for the post SSC engineering diploma courses, popularly known as polytechnic.As per admission schedule declared on DTE website, the display of seat distribution will be out on July 19 followed by the online submission of first round option forms from July 20-23. The provisional list will be displayed on July 25. The last date of reporting to the institute as per allotment in CAP round one is August 30. Display of provisional allotment of second round will be on August 7.The round of admission by counselling for third round, in person, is scheduled for August 17 while the new academic session will commence on August 13. The cut-off date for all types of admissions for the coming academic session is August 25. Any update or change regarding the schedule will be notified on the official website - www.dte.org.in/poly2012, informed joint director for technical education for Nagpur region Gulabrao Thakre.(With inputs from Aman Bordia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024128", "title": "Nigerian held with cocaine from Kolkata mall", "text": "KOLKATA: Another Nigerian has been arrested in connection with the cocaine cartel busted in the city recently. Police said that on Tuesday afternoon, officers of the narcotic cell rounded up Azobi David, a 28 year-old Nigerian, in front of a south Kolkata shopping mall. He was intercepted with 35 grams of pure cocaine.With this, the number of arrests in connection with the drug racket rose to seven, including two Nigerians. Investigating officers have reasons to believe that the drug chain is directly linked with some notorious Latin American drug mafias.Police said that a visa has been found with David, which revealed that he landed in the country in March this year. He has visa to stay in India from March 23, 2012 to March 2013.Over two weeks back, the arrest of a Sikkimese youth, Ang Tshering Ubesing, with 134 pouches of smack - raw cocaine mixed with other components - led police to the larger racket and helped them unearth the rave parties in the city.The arrest of Ubesing and three others, including another Nigerian, revealed that several affluent people are linked to the cocaine trail and they arrange private parties at their homes or in some resorts on a regular basis. Cocaine, hashish and other drugs are common in these parties.Two city businessmen were also held for arranging rave parties and another stock broker's name has cropped up. The share broker has also been accused of rape by a popular radio jockey. for raping her in a similar rave party.Police have reasons to believe that a section of Nigerians and peddlers from other east African countries are smuggling cocaine and other party drugs to Goa, Hyderabad and Mumbai. Main distributors contact another chain of peddlers to supply the staff to different parts of the country. Police said the people, who are smuggling cocaine and other party drugs, are directly linked to South American drug chains. Police are now looking for the people, who regularly arrange parties in different parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15025380", "title": "RTE debated at length in SCPCR meeting", "text": "BHOPAL: The Right to Education Act (RTE) violations were much debated at the joint bench hearing of the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) on Tuesday. Out of seven cases that came up for hearing, two pertained to RTE violations.The first case was that of St Joseph's Convent, Idgah Hills, where the petitioner was Citizen Welfare Forum. M A Khan of the forum said, \"Fifty below poverty line (BPL) students were granted admission on January 31 but later when they went to school on June 30 for completing the formalities, they were denied admission citing Supreme Court verdict on the exemption of minority schools.\"The apex court ruling though states that the admissions finalized this year would have to be continued with as the ruling came in April.Present at the hearing, principal of the school Sr Lily told SCPCR that the BPL card of some the students was doubtful. Hence the school had denied admission. Also since the apex court had given its ruling.Commission chairperson Usha Chaturvedi told Sr Lily that the school is no authority to decide the veracity of the BPL cards. \"If you have any misgivings about the authenticity, then you should write to the Collector as he is the authority to decide on such cases,\" said Chaturvedi.District education officer (DEO) C M Upadhyay also said, \"We will probe the unaided status being claimed by the school and whether the land was taken on lease .\"The commission has also instructed the school to provide the admission list displayed on the notice board of the school and the DEO to provide the list that was sent by the school. \"The school is saying that the list that was put up on the notice board was not final. We've told them to substantiate that the list sent to the DEO also had the same condition,\" said Chaturvedi.Chaturvedi added that since the school was reluctant in giving admissions, some students had taken admissions by paying regular fees.The other RTE related matter that came up was that of Billabong High School where the case of discrimination between RTE and non RTE students was heard by the commission. The case was resolved and the parents said that they had no grievances anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027269", "title": "Ileana\u2019s no longer the reigning queen", "text": "There have been numerous stories of her shifting to Bollywood considering she signed on Ranbir Kapoor's Barfi! but the actress has pooh-poohed these stories. Charging a cool Rs 1 crore plus per flick, Ileana is considered one of the hottest actresses today in the south - but she has been very picky about her roles. Busy shuttling between Tollywood, Kollywood and Bollywood, Ileana seems to be suddenly attached to no particular industry at this point.Once the reigning queen of Tollywood, the actress has always veered towards Telugu films, than Tamil, and has her favourite pick of directors there. Take a look at her films over the last two years. Her last release in Telugu was in April 2011. Titled Nenu Naa Rakshashi and directed by Puri Jagannadh, the movie starred Rana Daggubati and the actress. However, it fizzled at the box office. Her next release was Shankar's Nanban in Jaunary 2012 and the actress was lauded for her performance in this Tamil flick. However, she wasn't flooded with roles in Kollywood.Today, Ileana is facing a litmus test in her career as she has two Telugu films up for release and her Bollywood debut too. Her Telugu movie Devudu Chesina Manushulu directed by Puri Jagannadh (again) is set to release on August 3 while Trivikram Srinivas's Julaayi will hit screens on August 9. Both these movies releases were pushed due to the simple housefly keeping screens busy.And her Ranbir Kapoor flick, Barfi! , is scheduled to release in September. The movie is being widely promoted as a Ranbir-Priyanka starrer, so one wonders where Ileana fits in here. Whether this movie catapults her into stardom in Bollywood or keeps her as reigning queen of no man's land remains to be seen. So while she's busy struggling to get her foothold right in any industry, actresses like Nayanthara, Kajal, Tamannaah and Anushka seem to be making the most of it.Kollywood no 1 - Nayanthara Tollywood no 1 - Samantha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15029364", "title": "Militants fire rifle grenade at J&K; civil secretariat", "text": "SRINAGAR: Militants on Wednesday fired a rifle grenade at the civil secretariat here, the seat of Jammu and Kashmir government, official sources said.The grenade, however, did not explode.The ultras fired the grenade at the civil secretariat at around 12.35pm which landed inside the premises, the sources said.They said the grenade failed to explode. A bomb disposal squad has been called in to neutralise the explosive.While chief minister Omar Abdullah was not present inside the civil secretariat due to engagements elsewhere, several of his cabinet colleagues and senior bureaucrats were present in the complex, the sources said.They said security around the complex has been strengthened and an operation launched to nab the militants.No militant outfit has claimed responsibility for the attack so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027040", "title": "SRK\u2019s presence gets Sallu dropped from guest list", "text": "For the premiere of The Dark Knight Rises, organisers invited one Khan and not the other, in an attempt to avoid ugly confrontationsShah Rukh Khan is the special guest for the premiere of Christopher Nolan's latest offing, The Dark Knight Rises, which releases this week. Like most of us, SRK too is as excited to watch the film. In fact on a TV show earlier this week, the actor mentioned he would've loved to marry actor Christian Bale who plays Batman in the film, provided he had a better voice.And thus, when invited for the star-studded event to be held at a Juhu multiplex on Thursday, Khan couldn't let go of the opportunity. Interestingly, if sources are to be believed, one of the main reasons SRK decided to attend the show and let go of his usual comfortable home screening at Mannat, is Salman Khan's absence from the guest list.An insider told us, \"SRK, Ranbir Kapoor , Imran Khan are amongst the few who have confirmed their attendance for the premiere. And Salman was never invited for this one. The organisers deliberately kept Salman away from it as they would not like to put SRK in an awkward spot.\"Another source close to the actors said, \"Salman is a big star so there are chances that he may have been invited for the premiere. However, he is very particular about not attending events that may make him uncomfortable. So, he perhaps declined it. Also, he loves to watch films at private screenings with his friends and family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028152", "title": "Telcos face the heat for huge debt imposed by Trai", "text": "The new chairman of telecom regulator Trai says that high spectrum costs are fine and the problem is the telecom companies' huge legacy debt burden. This is a ridiculous stand for the regulator to take. Pray, why do the telcos have a huge debt burden? Because they bid too aggressively for 3G spectrum, says Rahul Khullar.Now, with the huge reserve prices recommended by Trai, the cost of spectrum would be even higher, even with the most timid bidding by telcos. In any case, telcos had to bid aggressively in the 3G auctions because of the thin sliver of spectrum on offer, with no clarity whatsoever as to future availability of spectrum.Such artificial shortage of spectrum and lack of forward visibility on spectrum availability are set to continue: the regulator has recommended hoarding as much as four-fifths of the spectrum available.And what does Mr Khullar understand to be the sector regulator's responsibility: to maximise spectrum sale proceeds or to ensure a competitive, financially-viable telecom sector that advances technologically and across geography and socioeconomic classes to bridge the digital divide?His conceptualisation of mobile broadband as being useful for \"surfing the Net and watching TV\" is sadly uninformed.Many countries have decreed broadband access a fundamental right not for such pastimes but to reap the riches of information and transaction promised by ubiquitous broadband in fields as varied as financial inclusion, education, healthcare, governance, commerce, innovation and distributed work, besides entertainment.The resultant economic gains and the tax yields from them would exceed, by far, spectrum sale proceeds. A huge debt burden on telcos, incurred to funnel funds to the government, stalls expansion and that is a sufficient ground to avoid adding to the debt.The point is to make spectrum as inexpensive and as equitably available as possible, while technology and regulation mature to replace allocation of dedicated spectrum with dynamic allocation from competing pools.And the dispute between telcos and Trai on how much tariffs would need to rise must be resolved via a transparent dialogue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15025650", "title": "Clean chit to students in CET cheating case", "text": "INDORE: The probe panel that inquired into cheating incident in common entrance test (CET), 2012 has given a clean chit to the candidates on Tuesday and cleared the way for their admissions. The committee that was supposed to submit its report on Monday did so on Tuesday.The four-member panel including A K Datta, A V Bajaj, Deepak Bhatnagar, and H P H Chauhan has found that allegations against the candidates cannot be proved and committee has not found any complaints regarding the cheating case after the results were out. The committee has found allegations about the candidates whose names were raked in alleged cheating case were baseless and even the invigilators appointed at examination centres did not find them using unfair means.Public Relation Officer of Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidyalaya ( DAVV), Dr M S Parmar said, \"All allegations are baseless as no such evidences were found by the committee members. The varsity administration has decided that admission related procedure will be completed as per the schedule.\"The report has mentioned that applications for CET 2012 were accepted directly by MP Online. All the candidates who were eligible to appear the examination were issued hall tickets and eligibility of candidates can only be seen at the time of counseling. No evidences of cheating was found and allegations were found to be false, %said the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024971", "title": "Bravo hunt: Owner gets CCTV footage of stolen car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The hunt for Bravo is taking Shailesh Bhatt, a resident of Vasna, to different parts of Gujarat. Accompanied by some Ahmedabad policemen Bhatt is searching fervently for his pet Labrador. Bhatt is now following two leads simultaneously.After a recent futile attempt to track the accused in theft case, Bhatt has decided to track two mobile phone numbers with the help of city police that gave him information about probable location of the dog and his stolen car.According to Naroda police, Bhatt, a resident of Shalibhadra Apartment near Anjali Crossroads, filed a complaint about theft of his Tata Indica car and his pet dog Bravo, a three-year-old Labrador, from premises of Ganesh Ashram earlier this month when he was away on a pilgrimage with mahant of the ashram. He had named Amit Mistry, caretaker of the ashram, as suspect in the case. He came to know about the theft upon his return on July 11.\"After getting the calls from south Gujarat and Surendranagar, we started following the lead in Surendranagar as it is close to Ahmedabad. We approached Bamanbore toll booth and asked the officials to help us out. When we went through the CCTV footage, we could clearly see the stolen car and Mistry in the driving seat. Thus, it was confirmed that Mistry had fled from the same route. We searched the entire stretch till Rajkot but could not find traces of either Bravo or Mistry,\" Bhatt told TOI.Bhatt had told cops that Bravo, whom he considers part of his family, is of utmost priority for him. \"The dog has given us so much since its arrival in our family that it is like missing a child. I have also approached Mistry's family and have told them about our condition,\" said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15023792", "title": "Legal body offers tips to child welfare officers on juvenile justice system", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Child welfare officers, members of district child welfare committee, district juvenile justice board and officers-in-charge of seven police stations were trained on juvenile justice system at Lohardga circuit house on Tuesday.Master trainers Bhagwan Das and advocate Bipin Bihari Dubey informed the participants on how police should be sensitive towards children and what positive role should a child welfare committee and juvenile justice board members play in it.\"Two kinds of children need special care in the society- a child in conflict with law and a child in need of care and protection. Care and Protection of Children Act 2000 has provisions of a separate system to care for children under both the categories,\" said Das. He asked the officers to send the children to observation home in Gumla district or shelter home at Ranchi depending on the need of the child.He expressed concern over large number of cases related to juvenile crime in the state. In Jharkhand, last year, 633 cases were recorded against children.\"Society needs to be more sensitive towards children to stop them from leading a neglected life or commiting crimse. Government has provisions and a proper system to care for such children and people need to take them to the right place,\" he added.The workshop was inaugurated by principal district and session's judge Sanjay Prasad, accompanied by deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar, SP Jitendra Kumar Singh and additional SP Madusudan Bari.\"It the first ever training on the subject organized by District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) under the aegis of Jharkhand State Legal Services Authority in association with UNICEF , Jharkhand,\" said PK Chaurasia, secretary of DLSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15023886", "title": "Maoist leader\u2019s wife held in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Following arrest of Vaisakhi Munda, suspected rebel and wife of hardcore Maoist leader Kanu Munda, the district police are expecting active Maoist ultras of the region to surrender in the days ahead.Police said it is utilizing all possible legal avenues to woo back the misguided youths to the mainstream. \"Some CPI(Maoist) rebels have shown keenness to resort back to normalcy, however, no concrete shape has taken place thus far,\" said senior police superintendent Akhilesh Jha.He said Jharkhand's surrender policy for the rebels, which is one of the best in the country, will definitely help rehabilitate the Maoist ultras if they choose mainstream over rebellion.Vaisakhi, who is an anganwadi worker in the Dhalbhumgarh block of the district, is facing several cases pertaining to anti-state activities in different police stations in the Naxalite-hit Ghatshila sub division. \"She was arrested from the Dhalbhumgarh police station area on Monday evening,\" said SSP.Her husband Kanu, a terror in the bordering areas of Jharkhand-Orissa and Bengal is a self claimed area commander and member of the Bengal-Jharkhand-Orissa regional committee of the CPI (Maoist).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023696", "title": "SC turns heat on Rajasthan police to catch big drug traffickers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court wants the police to catch the 'big fish' involved in drug trafficking and not drivers and cleaners of trucks, which are increasingly used to ship huge consignments of contraband across states.What caught the attention of a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and F M I Kalifulla was the 10-year sentence awarded to the cleaner of a truck, from which 105 bags of opium was seized in 1999 by Rajasthan police.The bench, which had sought the presence of additional director general of police Kapil Garg, wondered whether a cleaner alone could have been involved in trafficking such a huge quantity of contraband and why the police had not questioned the owner of the vehicle.Ordering a high-level probe into the case, the bench asked Garg to identify the owner and investigate his role. Seeking a report in two weeks, the bench said, \"We want to set this right. It happens everywhere in such cases, the owner never gets caught. Instead, the case proceeds against the cleaner and driver who are remotely connected to the crime.\"The court was dealing with the appeal filed by the cleaner, Sikander, through advocate Ajay Chaudhary. The bench said at no stage had the police thought it fit to question the owner or probe how the contraband came to be packed in the truck.The senior police officer termed these as lapses in the investigation and promised to get to the bottom of the case. But the court left no room for excuses in future and said, \"It appears to us that there is an apparent and intentional attempt by the agency to protect the owner. We direct the additional DGP to conduct a thorough enquiry and submit a report to this court in two weeks.\"Besides the cleaner, whose conviction under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act was upheld by the Rajasthan High Court, the police had also named the driver, who was acquitted by the HC. The truck, which was seized with the contraband, was registered in Madhya Pradesh and was coming from Kota when it was stopped by a police patrol on NH12 on August 18, 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024854", "title": "Chance and necessity bring Madhubani art to Cept", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When design and innovation come together, the result is usually remarkable, and having achieved that, the two-day workshop organized by Design Innovation and Craft Resource Centre (DICRC) at Cept University and CraftCanvas drew to a close.Combining the talents of Madhubani artisans Naveen and Pooja Jha and 18 eager learners, the workshop was aimed at bringing the artisan and the designer on a single platform, helping them develop an idea together and giving both equal value.\"The intention was to keep the Madhubani art style alive by incorporating it in an urban context,\" said Nisha Vikram of CraftCanvas. \"Maintaining the traditional technique, the participants and the artisans have together brought out some very interesting work that reflects the designers' individuality and perception of the world around them, and the artisans' skilled hand through minute detailing.\"Madhubani or Mithila painting is a narrative art form traditionally practiced in Mithila, Bihar, and is now making its presence across India. \"Earlier the paintings were done only on walls, made for various occasions and festivals. People then moved on to surfaces like paper and eventually fabric which could be used in everyday life,\" said Naveen who is in the city with Pooja to help out at CraftCanvas. \"The paper that the participants used is recycled khadi paper, smeared with a mix of cow dung, multani mitti and neem juice. This is done to give it a similar texture of a wall, and using a nib, a free-hand design is made.\"What makes this particular workshop different is that it has been a two-way learning, said Jay Thakkar, assistant professor and head of research at DICRC. \"We wanted to add something of our own to this traditionally 2D art form and so we encouraged both parties to make 3D works using Madhubani technique,\" Thakkar said.\"Naveen and Pooja, too, have worked on a 3D piece that displays their experiences in Ahmedabad and Cept and features characterizations of each designer. Having never worked with corners before, it has been a learning experience for both of them too,\" he said, adding that the chance of Naveen and Pooja being in the city and the need of contributing to the surface-based craft has made the workshop a success.Apart from the products made at the workshop, also on display were sarees, stoles, paintings and tissue-paper boxes made by some Madhubani craftsmen from Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025143", "title": "Defence official's body found in Cantonment", "text": "LUCKNOW: Body of a joint director with Defence Estates Department was found under mysterious circumstances at a Cantonment Board guest house, where he was residing. The incident was reported from Cantonment police station area on Tuesday. The joint director was identified as SS Garewaal, a native of Ludhiana.The police said that Garewaal had not been attending his office for the past three days. However, on Tuesday, the office staff reached the guest house's room number 5, where he was staying. Garewaal had been living alone while his family had been living in Ludhiana. When the office staff could not hear any sound from inside the room, they informed the police. The police rushed to the spot and entered inside the room to find Garewaal's body lying on the floor beneath the bed.The district police spokesperson said that prima facie it looks that the body was two to three days old.Talking to TOI, circle officer Dinesh Yadav on the cause of the death said that nothing can be said at the moment and added that anything concrete on the cause of the death could only be said once the postmortem report of Garewaal is received. The police said that the matter was being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15025085", "title": "Creche for kids of women inmates in Patiala jail soon", "text": "PATIALA: A creche will soon be opened inside the Patiala central jail for the children of women inmates.There are more than 100 women lodged in jail here, who have been facing various criminal cases.Though, women have been staying behind bars for their crimes, but 14 kids of these women have also been lodged in jail as they could not stay without their moms.The jail authorities, though claim they have been providing basic amenities to all kids, but financial constraints are not allowing them to do so.\"NGO Navjeevni has offered to start a special creche in jail. It will provide all facilities to all kids inside of jail as the outside kids are enjoying. We would help them for the quick start of this new creche,\" said Patiala deputy commissioner (DC) GK Singh.DC along with Patiala district and sessions judge Raj Shekhar Attri conducted inspection of jail on Tuesday and interacted with jail inmates directly. Both also met women inmates and their kids and inquired about the facilities, they have been getting inside the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15023987", "title": "Notices sent to 9 schools last academic year", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) education department had issued notices to seven private schools and three NMC schools in the last academic year for different reasons. Officials said most of the schools have made the changes that the notices asked them to.From June 2011 to June 2012, the education department issued notices to seven private schools for various reasons. Three NMC schools have also been given notices.While most of the private schools had been issued notices following complaints from parents, the NMC schools had been sent notices for cleanliness, absenteeism and so on.NMC school numbers 16, 34 and 80 had been issued notices for not keeping the classes and surroundings clean while NMC school number 16 was also issued notices for not utilizing education-related material, lack of control over teachers and other staff, absenteeism and lack of effort for academic progress.Amongst the private schools, Abhinav Bal Vikas Mandir in CIDCO, and Rasbihari International School (RIS) were notified against complaints by parents regarding fees. RIS was given a notice twice. The Sacred Heart School was given a notice for a number of complaints including donations, refusing to admit children and so on. The Silver Oak School was issued a notice following a parent's complaint that her daughter was admitted to the SSC board by the school instead of the ICSE board and no action was taken despite her repeated complaints. The Horizon Academy School was asked to clarify a parent's complaints about style of uniforms, fees, donations and teachers' salaries.The education department served a notice to Brooklyn Birdies School for absence of a parents' and teachers' association, salary issues of teachers, lack of effort to solve parents' grievances. The school was closed down this academic year as it failed to meet the requirements.\"All other schools have given their clarifications and have made the necessary changes exceptRIS,\" said officiating education officer, Naseer Khan Ibrahim Pathan.The deputy director, secondary and higher secondary school, Tukaram Supe said the education department has been directed to ask for all the official documents from RIS after which the fee structure would be approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023093", "title": "'MMRDA is a trust, not liable to pay tax'", "text": "Mumbai: The income tax appellate tribunal has agreed with the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority's (MMRDA) claim that it is a public trust and not liable to pay tax.The tribunal dismissed the I-T department's claim of over Rs 1,700 crore from MMRDA for latter's transactions between 2003 and 2007. However, sources close to I-T department said it may challenge the Tribunal's decision in High Court.This is one of the major battles between Mumbai and Delhi over fund sharing. Interestingly, there are several such tax recovery matters pending between the state government bodies and the Center's tax departments over collection of service tax, income tax and central excise.Mumbai has always been alleging that it gave Centre the highest tax collection in the country but never received grants from Delhi in that proportion. This has always been the political issue during elections.MMRDA had claimed that it was a public trust administered by the public representatives and that it was established as local authority by none other than state's Urban Development department under which all civic bodies fell. The MMRDA had argued that it was a public trust that worked on the lines of charity to provide civic amenities and its activities were not meant for business purposes.However, because of its capital intensive deals for various projects like Metro rail and monorail, MMRDA first came under I-T scanner 10 years ago. The I-T department has been sending recovery notices to the MMRDA since 2003-04, but the matter was put up before the coordination committee of the state and central governments by the Tribunal.When the committee failed to resolve the matter amicably, the Tribunal admitted the case and issued the order in MMRDA's favour on June 29, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023853", "title": "Bihar on top in foodgrain production", "text": "PATNA: Bihar has surpassed other states to register the highest growth rate of 17.16% in agriculture in the financial year 2011-12. The state produced 166 lakh metric tonne (MT) of foodgrain, the highest in the country.Never in the past, since Independence, had Bihar produced so much of foodgrain, said deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi. He said it could be possible because of better communication network in rural areas and the government's emphasis on agriculture with an agriculture road map besides setting up an agriculture cabinet in the state.Modi said the state is to invest Rs 1.50 lakh crore in agriculture sector alone during the next five years.He said the rice production in the state increased 2.5 times in 2011-12 compared to the previous financial year. Whereas 31.02 lakh MT rice was produced in 2010-11, the production went up to 83.05 lakh MT in 2011-12. While 103.17 lakh MT foodgrain was produced in 2010-11, the figure went up to 166.69 MT in 2011-12, much ahead of many developed states of the country.Again, as per the latest data, the state's overall growth rate has also increased to register 16.71% in 2011-12, Modi said, adding that the overall growth rate varies at times. It is calculated in different stages. First, the growth rate is projected before the commencement of a financial year. It is calculated again in February, which is called advance stage. Again, after June, a 'quick' estimate is made and after one-and-a-half-year, the final calculation is made, he explained.The average growth rate of development in the state between 1980-81 and 1990-91 was 4.9% and there was zero growth rate between 1991-92 and 1995-96, he said, adding that the state registered 3.8% growth rate between 1994-95 and 2001-02. Now the situation is quite different, Modi said. The average total growth rate during the last five years stood at 11% and the government has a target to achieve an average growth rate of 13% in the next five years, he added.Despite such an encouraging figure, Bihar still lags behind other states in per capita income which was Rs 15,417 in 2011-12. It is expected that with such a growth in agriculture sector, the financial condition of rural people would improve and the per capita income would also increase, Modi hoped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15023865", "title": "No breakthrough in Assam youth murder case", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Even after a lapse of more than nine days since 25-year-old Pritam Bhattacharya from Silchar (Assam) went missing from Naugachia railway station in Bhagalpur district and two-days after his severed body was found by the police near railway overbridge, the investigating police team of GRP and local police seems to be groping into dark.According to police sources, some local anti-social elements and criminals were taken into custody and have been interrogated by the district police and GRP on Monday and Tuesday as well. They were later released after their involvement in the crime could not be established. The GRP and the local police also made surveillance of the mobile of Pritam as well as some of the alleged suspects, who might have been involved overtly or covertly in the crime. But all efforts of the GRP and local police have so far come to naught. The investigating team of police also interrogated some of the hardcore criminals lodged in Naugachia sub-jail, which also yielded no result.It may be recalled that Bhattacharya, son of a retired principal in a college at Silchar (Assam), who was travelling in Awadh-Assam Express train, went missing from Naugachia railway station on July 9, while he was on way to Delhi. Pritam's body was subsequently recovered by the Naugachia police near railway over-bridge under Katariya railway station in Barauni-Katihar railway section on July 15.IG (railway) Vinay Kumar said no breakthrough in the Assam youth murder incident has been achieved till date. The GRP is also contacting the travellers on the fateful day besides local persons, who might have seen or observed the incident on July 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15027181", "title": "Fake cosmetic manufacturing unit unearthed in Sonipat", "text": "SONIPAT: The Sonipat police have seized a cache of spurious cosmetics and raw material worth about Rs 5 crore in a raid at an industrial unit on Pio-Maniari- Narela road under Kundli police station in Sonipat on Tuesday. The team conducted the raids on a tip off provide by the regional manager of Hindustan Lever Akhilesh Pandey about a manufacturing unit of spurious cosmetics which were being sold in the market in the brand names of Fair and Lovely, Vicco and Godrej. During raid, the police seized 10 machines, spurious cosmetics and raw material estimated worth around Rs five crore, said the Sonipat SP Arun Singh.The police had arrested a man Daya Shankar Dube who was working as manager at the unit and interrogating him. A case under various sections of Drugs and Cosmetics Act, Indian Penal Code and Copy right Act had been registered against the factory owners identified as Ved Prakash Gupta and Hariom Mishra and others in the Kundli police station. FfFThe SP informed that the raiding party found four drum containing 355 kg cream besides 60 thousand ready pouches of this cream which were meant to be sold in market with the brand name of Fair and Lovely, 2340 tubes of spurious Vicco turmeric cream and 85 thousand empty tubes of this brand and 21 thousand pouches of fake Godrej hair dye. The police also recovered four machines which were used in filling pouches and tubes and its packing. The SP said that more persons are also likely to be arrested in this connection and the teams were conducting raids on the basis of inputs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15029376", "title": "HP, AllTimeIT launch Efficloud solution for SMEs", "text": "MUMBAI: US-based Hewlett-Packard (HP) along with AllTimeIT Solutions, a grouping of Indian IT infrastructure service providers have launched a cloud solution 'Efficloud' for small and medium enterprises.\"Efficloud is a pay-per-use cloud model that delivers reliable cloud services tailored to meet the IT needs of small and medium businesses,\" AllTimeIT Solutions Managing director Ajay Sawant told reporters here.The solution, built on HP CloudSystem Matrix, will be able to tap HP's network of channel partners, sales and marketing support to promote the adoption of Efficloud, HP India Sales Country Head for converge infrastructure solutions Santanu Ghose said.Cloud computing refers to a pay-per-use model of computing where applications and software are accessed over the Internet and not owned by users.\"HP CloudSystem Matrix will enable Efficloud clients to have access to infrastructure and applications across physical and virtual environments in minutes. This will provide them with flexibility needed to respond to evolving customer needs and market challenges,\" Ghose said.\"We plan to deliver this solution across segments including education, pharma, telecom, BFSI to enable the organisations to drive business growth in their core competencies. Through the solution, we will provide customised, user-friendly, locally supported and secured solutions to our clients,\" he said.Sawant further said that with the introduction of this new solution, it aims to be among the top three cloud service providers in the country by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024764", "title": "Call data record leak: Inspector goes underground", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended Nacharam inspector M Srinivas Rao, who is accused of leaking call data record (CDR) of CBI joint director VV Lakshiminarayana's friend Vasireddy Chandrabala has scooted. He is now absconding and inaccessible to Crime Investigation Department sleuths.\"Till now, three notices were sent to Srinivas Rao to appear before the CID. However, he neither responded nor is accessible,'' sources told TOI. They averred that he was being protected by some people in high places. It is not known whether the CID has made any serious effort to locate Srinivas. The inspector has however been using all tactics in the book to evade questioning. Fearing that his phone calls and movements will be tracked if he tried to contact any advocate, Srinivas has not only gone underground but has not even applied for anticipatory bail.CID sources said the first arrest in the sensational case would happen in the next two or three days. Though officers were tight-lipped about it, it is learnt that it could be a BSNL official to begin with.\"In the next few days, there will be important developments with regard to the investigation,'' the sources added.It is learnt that Yadagiri Reddy, scribe of a Telugu daily, at whose behest Srinivas Rao sought the CDR of Chandrabala kept himself away from the investigation by reporting ill-health. The Rangareddy criminal court had earlier rejected his anticipatory bail petition.In the last few days, CID has questioned several persons, including an investigator of a private detective agency, who is said to have played an important role in leaking the CDR of Lakshminarayana.The CID had, in an affidavit, informed the high court that K Raghu Rama Krishna Raju, the prime accused in the CDR leak of Lakshminarayana, allegedly roped in K Hanumantha Rao, deputy director general of Telecom Department, Nagpur, to get call details through MIC Electronics managing director MV Ramana Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15023895", "title": "JMM, non-gazetted employee staff stand-off continues", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The stand-off between JMM leader Ramesh Hansda and the striking non-gazetted employees (NGEs) of the state government continued as Hansda refused to surrender before the court until the agitating workers get back to work.A JMM delegation that demonstrated at the deputy commissioner's office on Tuesday in support of their leader declared that Hansda will not surrender until the striking employees continued their stir.\"By resorting to strike, the employees are trying to bully the district administration to act in haste without probing the allegations,\" said a JMM leader.The district administration employees, over 1000 in number, have categorically said they would not budge under any pressure and will continue with the strike.\"All we need to hear is that Hansda has surrendered before the court or the police have arrested him, we will call off our strike after that,\" state non gazetted employees federation office-bearer Navin Singh said.The police, on the other hand, maintained it is following the established investigation procedures and will take appropriate action in this regard.\"We received Hansda's arrest warrant from the district court on Monday evening and will take necessary action in accordance with the law,\" senior superintendent of police Akhilesh Jha said. Due to the ongoing strike, work in the offices of DC, Dhalbhum and Ghatshila SDOs, and block offices of the district has been severely affected.The employees are seeking arrest of Hansda who is charged with assaulting a clerk, Babulal Tudu, in the Dhalbhum SDO office on July 11.The employees are seeking arrest of JMM leader Hansda who is charged with assaulting a clerk, Babulal Tudu, in the Dhalbhum SDO office on July 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15025635", "title": "Outer areas to have better bus connectivity with city", "text": "INDORE: Better transport connectivity will make life more convenient for the people living on the outskirts of the city. City bus services run by Atal Indore Transport Corporation (AITCL) has identified routes including scheme No. 54, Arbindo Hospital, BSF Camp and Ring Road for plying buses connecting the outer areas with important destinations in the city.In the past few years, the number of people living on the outskirts of the city has increased manifold and according to an estimate, around 3 to 4 lakh people are living on the outskirts of the city. But all these places do not have proper bus connectivity with the city. Thus people living in these localities depend on their own vehicles for commuting.The starting of bus services on these routes will not only save travel time for the residents from these localities, it will also help reduce vehicular pollution, expenses of the commuters and traffic load on the roads.Right now, AITCL is operating nearly 109 buses on 16 routes. Around three to five buses are operated on every route depending upon the number of passenger. Routes like Palasia, MG Road, Rajawada, Mhow Nakka, Anapurna and Regal have high density of passengers.An AITCL official said that they had procured around a dozen buses recently and another 50 buses would soon join the fleet of city buses. He mentioned that all the buses have been procured under JNNURM.They will also purchase another set of air-conditioned and automated buses for the BRTS corridor, which will run only on BRTS corridor from the end of the year.Meanwhile, AITCL is planning to increase the number of buses on some routes with high number of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024668", "title": "Seven members of Chetna Natya Manch remanded", "text": "HYDERABAD: The nine persons, including seven members of Chetna Natya Manch (CNM), a Maoist-backed cultural outfit, and two APCLC office-bearers arrested from MGBS on Monday, were remanded in judicial custody by the Nampally criminal court till July 30. The Afzalgunj police have also included revolutionary writer Varavara Rao as an accused in the remand report.The Afzalgunj police on Tuesday produced seven of the 18-member cultural troupe and the two APCLC persons before the court. They were arrested under the AP Public Security Act. As the rest were found to be minors, they were sent to the state home.The 18-member group of CNM came to city from Khammam to organise a cultural programme to create awareness among people about the recent encounter killings of civilians by anti-Maoist forces at Basaguda in Chhattisgarh . Police said that the CNM group came at the behest of Varavara Rao and hence, he was also shown as an accused in the remand report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15023736", "title": "Sony eyes 135 crore Onam sales", "text": "KOCHI: Consumer electronics giant Sony India is targeting revenues of Rs 135 crore during Onam season, said Sunil Nayyar, senior general manager-sales, of the company. He was explaining the company's business plans to reporters in Kochi on Tuesday.\"We expect Onam festive period -July to September - to contribute 40% to the total sales of Kerala in FY12,\" Nayyar said. The company is targeting a growth rate of 30% in revenues from Kerala compared to the corresponding period in last year, he said.\"Our expectation is to sell 31,500 televisions during Onam, in comparison with 26,200 units of Bravia we sold during the July-September period last year. We are also targeting to sell 19,000 cyber-shot digital cameras. It has been observed that the 'high zoom' segment is contributing to the digital camera sales, indicating a clear demand for the high zoom feature from customers and we expect contribution to grow from 35% to 60% to total sales of cyber-shots in FY12. In the laptop segment, we plan to grow 30% this year and capture 20% market share by selling 7,500 laptops in the July-September period\" Nayyar said.Sony will spend Rs 6.5 crore for its marketing activities for the festival period, while increasing the number of outlets in the state from 360 to 400.Sony had generated revenues of Rs 6,313 crore in last fiscal from the Indian market. The company has a distribution network of over 10,400 dealers, 270 exclusive outlets and 23 direct branch locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023940", "title": "Desai: Provide support price for sugarcane", "text": "PORVORIM: Sanguem MLA Subhash Phal Desai requested government to provide a support price of 2400 for sugarcane cultivators in Sanguem constituency.Speaking at the general discussion on budget, Desai said that 50% people from Sanguem supply sugarcane to Sanjivini Sugar factor and the cost of production has gone up by 3400 per tonne. Around 4000 to 5000 farmer depend on sugarcane farming, he said.Replying to Desai, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he agreed to his proposition and said that if he (Desai) promised him that the sugarcane production will be increased to 76,000 tonnes from the existing 46,000 tonnes, then he will come out with a five-year plan which will give farmers a minimum 15% guaranteed returns.\"I will tell you what I intend to do tomorrow (Wednesday) in my reply\", said Parrikar.Parrikar also said that to run the sugar factory, a minimum of two lakh tonnes of sugarcane are required, out of which farmers in Goa have to produce one lakh tonnes and one lakh tonnes has to be procurd from outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023764", "title": "PM to hold meeting on food security bill today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The PM is slated to hold a high-level meeting on Wednesday on the National Food Security bill, hoping to decide on a revised version that would be simpler to administer for the government and easier to sell as a political achievement for his party, the Congress.The meeting is expected to be attended by Union food minister K V Thomas, Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia.The bill had been finalized by the Cabinet and is now under consideration of the parliamentary standing committee. However, there has been serious concern within the ruling UPA coalition about the feasibility of the version that came out of a tug-of-war between the National Advisory Council (NAC), which sought an expansive ambit, and various elements within the government that was more focused on reducing the projected subsidy bill.A middle-ground formulation, which provides 25 kg of foodgrains to 70% of the population without the controversial classification of priority and general categorization (along the lines of above and below poverty line identifications) of people, has found favour in some quarters within the government, and is likely to be discussed on Wednesday.Many state governments have opposed the current provisions of the bill that continue to give the central government veto powers over how many people finally get the subsidized grains under the law and bring back the older classification of BPL-APL in a new avatar through the backdoor. The states have constantly argued that while the state-level studies identify actual beneficiaries on the basis of door-to-door survey, the Planning Commission generates a statistical poverty line to put artificial caps on the total support state governments would get under the public distribution system (PDS).With the recent controversy over the poverty line, the government has also been keen to move away from the exercise. The simplified formulation, sans the BPL-APL categories that some within the government have espoused, would also make it easier to sell the Act, which is seen as one of the big-ticket aam aadmi proposals of UPA-II that could generate 'optics' similar to NREGA in the 2014 general elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025574", "title": "Despite HC order, DSC fails to open additional toll windows on e-way", "text": "GURGAON: Despite being ordered by Punjab and Haryana high court to install five extra toll collection windows on five cash lanes on each side of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, the private concessionaire DSC Ltd. is yet to implement it. The motive of the order was to make six vehicles pass at one go, in one lane.However, a senior officer of the private agency said that the company was in discussion with National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) regarding the issue, looking into ways to decongest the toll plaza.\"On the lines of the court's order, either extra windows or mobile ticketing will be introduced for the purpose,\" he added.A division bench headed by acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh, during the resumed hearing of a petition filed by DSC Ltd., on July 5, ordered that windows/kiosks on five cash lanes on each side of the road has to be installed, in a manner that six cars/vehicles will be able to go ahead at one go, in one lane, on an experimental basis.The timeframe for implementing the direction was set for as within seven days from July 5, with a status report before the next date of hearing, which has been scheduled as July 31, 2012.The court was hearing petitions pertaining to traffic jams and toll collection matters. The court said it is of the opinion that the traffic jam is occurring on account of less number of windows for issuing toll tickets. \"Haryana has deputed 165 police personnel and other higher officers to manage the traffic in the toll plaza area. Probably that has also not worked,\" the court further observed. The court stated that temporary windows should be equipped with mini computers to be certified by the officials of NHAI.It also directed the Gurgaon police, who are deputed at the spot, to regulate the traffic so that the direction is implemented properly. \"...On clearance of six vehicles, next six cars are allowed to proceed further to get the toll tickets,\" the order stated.To see that there is no loss of money during the trial run, NHAI was directed to ensure that there is pilferage of the collected toll money and proper accounts are maintained by temporary computers in the kiosks, which are to be put up on experimental basis.The provision of keeping one lane open for VIPs or for other emergency services, will be maintained by the concessionaire DSC Ltd. has filed a civil writ petition in the high court, against the traffic department to have restrained it from opening up boom barriers at the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.This petition was clubbed with other petitions filed in 2009 and 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028355", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha undergoes bypass surgery", "text": "Veteran actor and BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha underwent bypass surgery at a city hospital on Monday and will continue to stay there for a few days.The 66-year-old actor-turned-politician had been admitted to Kokilaben hospital in suburban Andheri on July 2 after he complained of breathlessness due to some paint work at his residence.\"He was admitted to hospital for severe breathlessness. During investigations blockages were discovered in the coronary arteries. Based on medical advice he underwent bypass surgery,\" Kokilaben hospital COO Dr Ram Narain told PTI.The surgery was conducted Monday morning by cardiac surgeon Dr Anvay Mulay.\"He is fine now and on the road to a speedy recovery. He has thanked all his well wishers for their unconditional love and support,\" Dr Narain said.Following the surgery, Narain said Sinha will remain in hospital for a week.Sinha made his Bollywood debut in 1969 with 'Sajan' and has acted in over 200 Hindi films, besides being a part of some Bengali and Punjabi movies.Known for his powerful dialogues, some of his famous Hindi films include 'Kalicharan', 'Vishwanath', 'Blackmail', 'Dostana', 'Shaan' and 'Kala Patthar'.Later, he ventured into politics and is currently BJP's Lok Sabha member from Patna Sahib in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028548", "title": "Ravi celebrated his birthday on the sets of Jhalak!", "text": "Evergreen Superstar of cinema Bhojpuri, Ravi Kishan, celebrated his birthday on the sets of 'Jhalak Dikhla Ja' because of his heavy engagement with shootings.Every year on 17th July Ravi Kishan celebrates his birthday with gusto. This year too he had similar plans but as the shooting for 'Jhalak Dikhla Ja' was scheduled on the very next day Ravi Kishan decided to postpone the party for three days. Now it will be organized on Saturday. However, his birthday was formally celebrated on the sets of 'Jhalak Dikhla Ja'.Ravi Kishan says that as the show has reached an interesting turn and the competition is getting tougher by the day he did not want to leave any lacunae.Source: Bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027429", "title": "Boopdathil Illatha Oridam completes its shoot", "text": "The shooting of 'Boopdathil Illatha Oridam' has completed recently. The script and direction is by Jo Chalissery.Sreenivasan, Nedumudi Venu, Nivin Pauly, Innocent, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Aju Varghese, Salim Kumar, Inniya, Rajasree Nair, KPSC Lalitha and Seema G Nair are the stars in the movie. The film is produced under the banner of David Kachapilly Productions.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024224", "title": "Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association chief slammed for RTE remark", "text": "BANGALORE: Around 15 members of the Karnataka Dalit Sangharsha Samiti (Ambedkar Vaada) staged a protest against Kusma president GS Sharma for allegedly referring to the 25% quota children under the RTE as \"sewage water\".Sharma was quoted by a local daily as saying that \"mixing sewage water with the ocean will make the latter impure''. The protesters demanded Sharma apologise and immediately quit as Kusma president. Sharma denied having made any such statement. The crowd then dispersed.Unhappy with the course of the agitation over confusion in RTE implementation, Sharma is said to have quit as Kusma president on Tuesday. Sharma was not available for comment. However, Kusma secretary A Mariyappa said he hadn't received any resignation letter from Sharma.Earlier on Tuesday, Jaati Vinaasha Vedike alleged that some schools in Nandini Layout were discriminating against children admitted under the 25% quota. \"They make them sit in a corner of the classroom and do not mark them as present. One school has gone to the extent of cutting the hair of four girls and one boy to identify them as 'quota' kids,'' Vedike president Ravi Lakshman alleged on Tuesday.Deputy director of public instruction (north division) N Jayasimha confirmed that a complaint has been filed against one school citing ill-treatment to RTE quota students. Gopalakrishna M, Block Education Officer, told TOI: \"We have received complaints of harassment of RTE quota children. The school filed a complaint against the organization saying that members of the organization are shouting at teachers and throwing stones at windowpanes of the school. The school, which is part of Kusma, has been closed for the past two days. I'll investigate the matter as soon as the school reopens and submit a report,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023787", "title": "Congress criticizes Baghpat village diktat on women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Tuesday condemned the diktat of a Baghpat village prohibiting love marriages and barring women under 40 from visiting the market or using mobile phones.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said fundamental rights of citizens were supreme and could not be infringed upon by any organization or body.\"The founding fathers of our Constitution envisaged a Constitution where fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms, accorded to each citizen, would form the core of our laws\" he said, adding, \"No organization or body can take any decision that infringes upon these inalienable rights.\"This marks another strong statement from the ruling camp, with home minister P Chidambaram having already declared the diktat as illegal.In what appeared an appeal to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, Tewari said, \"Those with responsibility must take immediate note of this and act to protect the rights of these women.\"This issue is becoming a bone of contention in the state, as there are political groups on either side of the fence. While parties like Congress have come out against the diktat, others including Bhartiya Kisan Union and UPA ally Rashtriya Lok Dal have defended the panchayat decree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15028964", "title": "Matheran is a tourist 'death spot', reveals RTI", "text": "MUMBAI: A Right To Information (RTI) query has revealed that a total of 38 tourists have been killed in fatal accidents at picturesque hill station of Matheran in Raigad district.RTI activist Anil Galgali informed that only tourists have become victims and none of the locals were involved in such accidents.\"These 38 deaths of tourists have taken place in 32 cases since 2005 in Matheran,\" said Galgali.Surprisingly, deaths of four horses have also been registere by the Matheran police in the last seven years; though the figure could be higher for horses, since not all horse owners register such fatal accidents with the police.\"Matheran is a favourite tourist destination. So it is unnerving to know that so many tourist deaths have taken place in unnatural accidents at this hill station; such as people falling off the cliffs not all of these being suicides,\" added Galgali.Of these, 16 people have died by falling or jumping off the cliffs. In the year 2010, the death toll was highest at 11. The death toll was eight each in both 2007 and 2008. In 2011 there was only one death of a tourist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023667", "title": "Foodgrain production pegged at all-time high", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government got a boost on Tuesday with advance estimates of foodgrain production pegged at an all-time high of 257.44 million tonnes (MT) for the 2011-12 crop year, higher by 5 MT than the April projections.The fourth advance estimates of the government allayed some worries about lack of grains even if drought prevails in some regions of the country - which seems likely as monsoon seems to have largely given states like Gujarat and Karnataka a miss so far.The boost in agriculture has come partly from eastern India where the second Green Revolution plan of UPA has paid substantial dividends.As against the 2010-11 rice produce of 95.8 MT, the new estimates put the 2011-12 produce at 104.32 MT. Wheat production is pegged at 93.90 MT, against 86.87 MT in the previous crop year.The worrying bit came from lower than expected oilseed production - a crop that is likely to be hit this year with monsoon delayed over large parts of the country.While the partially failing monsoon is unlikely to create a food crisis - government stocks are at an all-time high - senior officials have expressed fears of distress for marginal and landless labour in some regions which might get masked in the overall comfortable picture.Speculation and hike in prices of commodities for which the sowing period went dry is also likely to be a worrying consequence of regional disparity in the spread of monsoon.Gujarat, Haryana and Punjab have been the worst hit so far from the failing monsoon but the well established irrigation system in the two northern states is likely to compensate to some extent.Karnataka, western Rajasthan and western Uttar Pradesh are the other regions facing tough conditions. Experts said while a decent second half of the season could reduce the deficit of rainfall, partial damage to the Kharif season sowing could not be undone even with late sowing seeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15023821", "title": "Kerala high court demands pre-emptive steps against Nokkukooli", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Tuesday called for slapping preventive detention on persons demanding 'Nokkukooli' while observing that the practice was thwarting developmental activities in the state.The division bench comprising Justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and Justice K Vinod Chandran ordered that booking a case against persons demanding 'Nokkukooli' is not enough but police should also consider using provisions for preventive detention.The HC direction was on a petition filed by Kollam Labour Contract Cooperative Society seeking police protection against the demand for 'Nokkukooli'.The society had won a contract for the development of inland waterways. The demand for 'Nokkukooli' was raised while work was being carried out beneath the bridge near Isro at Thiruvananthapuram.Responding to state government's contention that the person who demanded 'Nokkukooli' has already been booked, the court observed that there was a huge section of preventive criminal laws, including provisions under Criminal Procedure Code and Kerala Police Act, which contain sufficient teeth.What was required was the will to execute without any political interference, from anyone who may command political influence capable of blessing those demanding 'Nokkukooli' the court said.Observing that the government had earlier replied that a case has been booked when the same petitioner approached another division bench against those demanding 'Nokkukooli', the court asked the government what steps have been taken against this type of unlawful activities.\"This question gains importance particularly when developmental activities are being thwarted by recourse to such antisocial and unlawful activitieswhich when collectively done, become offences affecting the society at large,\" the court observed. The court also compared the actions of those demanding 'Nokkukooli' to that of leeches, in observing that \"If the government cannot suppress such demand for 'Nokkukooli', it would be a matter of constitutional shame since providing labour to people who are able bodied is also conceived in the Constitution and nobody is permitted in terms of the Constitution to be leeches on others be it society at large or the state for that matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15029083", "title": "Don\u2019t trust your eyes, says P C Sorcar Jr", "text": "Dressed in a glitzy robe and a turban with its feather firmly in place, P C Sorcar Jr appeared on stage resembling a Maharaja of the ancient times. But what he wore best was his dramatic smile - an honest performer who has been tricking the audience into believing what they see, or perhaps, what they are made to see!After a hiatus of 9 years, the legendary magician made a comeback to the capital city of New Delhi to commemorate the 'Diamond Jubilee Celebration' of the Vinay Nagar Bengali Secondary School, Sarojini Nagar. The 7-day celebration kicked off on the eve of 13 July 2012 at the school premises where the world renowned magician enthralled the audience with his tricks. The celebrations will go on till 19 July 2012.Carrying forward the legacy of his father, the great P C Sorcar Sr, Sorcar Jr has taken Indian magic to far flung places in the world such as Alaska, New Zealand, and Fiji Islands besides his favourite destinations Egypt, Rome and Japan. \"Magic is my heartbeat , my way of life. Magic is what defines me and I breathe magic,\" he declares. Renowned for making the Taj Mahal and the Indore-Amritsar Express disappear in broad day light, Sorcar Jr has worshipped magic since the day after his father's demise, \"My father passed away after a performance in Japan and I was made to take the next flight to take over. I wore his jacket which smelled of his fresh sweat and since then there has been no looking back.\"Hailing from a family of magicians, the latest to join the bandwagon is his daughter and protege, Maneka. The duo has been performing the mystical art together for many years now. Try extracting the secret, or so to say, a logical reasoning behind his magic, he laughs and says, \"If you meet an extraordinary tabla player, you'd call him a magician. Every artist tries to achieve that ultimatum to make their skill look impossible to the audience. I too do that.\"Sorcar's fan following is enormous and one of them is Soumik Sen, writer director of Gulaab Gang, who is all set to direct his biopic. \"He is the greatest magician India has ever produced. We have grown up enjoying his shows but it is his life that I found most fascinating. It's like Phantom where the son carried on not only the legacy but also the name of the father. I wanted to showcase the incredible world of Indian magic and the man who continues to epitomize it,\" says he.Master of a multitude of magic tricks, Sorcar Jr finds it difficult to pick his favourite. In fact he claims that he hasn't performed his dream trick yet. \"If I could, I'd make bad politicians disappear\" he chuckles but turns solemn at once, \"I want to make people's sadness and their diseases disappear from the face of this earth but unfortunately I don't know the trick,\" he adds. Having inspired many students into this mystical art, a school of magic in Agartala is in the offing. \"It'll be like any other normal school with magic as an integral part of the curriculum. Our endeavour will be to teach students the essence of magic,\" he says.Sending girls into coffins, cutting them up into tiny pieces and then making them appear unharmed, conjuring up white pigeons out of thin air, making the statue of Venus disappear, performing life threatening tricks such as passing through a wheel of blades and what not! The illusions will leave you spellbound. \"We trust our eyes too much and tend to believe what we see. The idea is to trust our logic, trust our instincts, believe in ourselves and not blindly trust everything we see,\" Sorcar Jr signs off.He is scheduled to perform his magic tricks at the Vinay Nagar Bengali Secondary School, Sarojini Nagar every evening from 6pm till 19 July 2012.arunima.mazumdar@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15027357", "title": "2 held for theft of metal lids on drains at Vikhroli", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vikhroli police recently arrested two men allegedly found stealing the metal lids that are laid by the corporation on the drainage on the stretch at Vikhroli (East) on the eastern express highway (EEH). The two -- Anwar Khan and Shibbu Shaikh -- targeted the lids to steal and earn fast money by selling it in scrap market.Acting on a tip-off received, police laid a trap and arrested the two who were found making rounds in Vikhroli locality in a tempo to steal metal lids on the EEH last week. Police had seized four metal lids that the two accused has stolen. \"We are locating the locations from where the two has stolen the lids. Their act of stealing lids could have endangered the lives of both motorists and pedestrians traveling on the highway as they could have fallen in the pit, especially during the rainy season,\" said the Vikhroli police officer.The officer said that that accused would travel on the EEH using a tempo at night. \"They use to park their tempo at an isolated spot on the highway and and place the heavy lids in the tempo and flee. We had received two such complaints in our jurisdiction following which we began investigations in the case,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025699", "title": "Kazmi case: Magistrate order set aside", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sessions court has set aside the magisterial court order extending the probe period in the Israeli diplomat attack case. The court said the order was passed in a \"reticent and clandestine manner\".Setting aside the June 2 order of chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav which extended the probe period by 90 days, additional sessions Judge Surinder S Rathi said the accused, journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi , was not given any notice of the application moved by Delhi Police's Special Cell. \"The impugned order speaks for itself. It was passed in the most reticent manner because neither was the accused given any notice of the additional public prosecutor's report nor was he given the opportunity to defend the extension of investigation,\" said the judge.The court, however, gave the police liberty to move a fresh report seeking extension of probe period within one week.The order of the ASJ came on a revision petition moved by Kazmi. The ASJ sent back the matter to the court of CMM saying that if the police moved a fresh report seeking extension of investigation , a notice should be given to the accused. He should also get a chance to be heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024562", "title": "Mecosabagh School &amp; Christian assoc demand Jaiswal's arrest", "text": "NAGPUR: Principal of Mecosabagh Methodist High School Michael Morde has demanded the immediate arrest of the District Bar Association president Sudeep Jaiswal, who allegedly assaulted and threatened him in the school premises. Jaiswal and Morde have been at loggerheads ever since the former started using part of the school's ground for a cricket academy. Morde, said, \"On July 14 Jaiswal assaulted me till date he has not been arrested. I demand that his law degree should also be cancelled.\" Members of the United Christian Congress have alleged that cops' lack of action is also questionable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15025368", "title": "Obama most incompetent president since Carter: Bobby Jindal", "text": "WASHINGTON: Louisiana's Indian-American governor Bobby Jindal has trashed Barack Obama , saying the US president was the \"most liberal and incompetent president since Jimmy Carter\".Speaking at a fund-raising lunch for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in Baton Rouge, capital of Louisiana on Modnay, Jindal attacked Obama for running \"an increasingly desperate and negative campaign\" . \"We have a president who hadn't run anything before he was in the White House ,\" Jindal said. He referred to Obama as the \"most liberal and incompetent president since Jimmy Carter .Jindal said, \"Seems like every time you turn on the TV you hear another false, malicious attack. Despite the fact that independent fact checkers and the Washington Post and others have decried these attacks as false, they keep coming again and again.\"\"It's pretty simple. It's because this president, President Obama, he cannot run on his record, he can't run on his political philosophy so he has to attack and distort governor Romney's record,\" Jindal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024457", "title": "Protestors, police add to commuter's woes, traffic comes to standstill", "text": "KOLKATA: Left Front leaders, along with thousands of supporters, took up the cause of common people on Tuesday and rallied in protest of rise in prices of essential commodities. But, in the process, they ended up leaving common people furious and frustrated as party flag bearers brought the heart of the city to a standstill, literally. The situation turned worse as hapless police personnel chose to remain mute spectators all along.Though Left Front chairperson Biman Bose, assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, senior Forward Bloc leader Asoke Ghosh and CPI's Manju Majumdar, among others, tried to reach out to people by courting arrest, it wasn't enough to placate stranded commuters who fumed over the clogging of city streets.According to police, nearly 5,500 people under the aegis of Kolkata district Left Front Committee held a protest meeting at Y-crossing in Esplanade and nearly 3,660 among them - including 81 women - courted arrest over the state government's alleged failure to curb price-rise and recruit vacant government posts.\"If the prices of essentials and food items, mainly vegetables, are not brought down, we will hold more such programmes to highlight the plight of the common people,\" Bose said prior to the law-violation programme.The rallies started arriving in Esplanade from Sealdah around 2pm. The last of these reached there an hour-and-a-half later. Though they took the Moulali-SN Banerjee Road route to Esplanade, all feeder roads leading to the heart of the city bore the brunt of bumper-to-bumper traffic. Rani Rashmoni Avenue and the western flank of Metro Channel had to close down for the period. As a result, north-bound traffic was halted at JL Nehru Road and south-bound at CR Avenue.If it was a day of utmost suffering for the commuters, the situation was no better for the cops. Though it was a pre-announced programme, police were caught unawares by the number of protesters. It's not every day that the top leadership of Left Front parties courted arrest. After the senior leaders were huddled in private cars to Presidency Jail, buses were kept for party supporters. But the buses were woefully short in number. So the police did what suited them best. They stopped the buses heading for Babughat, curtly asked the passengers to get off and forced the buses to ply the protesters to Presidency jail. At least three buses - WB 232 777, WB 04D 9249 and WB 25 2025 - were stopped to carry protesters. For a moment, the bewildered passengers tried to reason, but assistant commissioner of police Jayanta Das refused to have none of the arguments. Five prison vans and these three buses made up for the shortfall somehow.\"Dharmatala should be named as michhiltala,\" said a frustrated Rina Sharma, a Howrah schoolteacher, while disembarking from one such bus that was plying on route 30/D/E from Dum Dum Cantonment to Babughat. Ashish Bagchi, a north Kolkata resident, had to reach Bankshall court when he was asked to get off. Surprised, and disgusted, he finally reached his destination walking the distance. \"They could have diverted the bus,\" he fumed.\"I am not a resident of Kolkata so I usually don't face the traffic problem but today I am late for work due to this massive traffic congestion,\" said Utsav Moulik, a Durgapur student. \"I am suffering from breathing problem due to this traffic congestion and also getting late for my work,\" added Aman Katariya, a Girish Park resident.If you thought 6,000-odd people had caused enough woes on Tuesday, think again. This is only a curtain raiser what is to come on Saturday - Trinamool Congress's Sahid Diwas rally on July 21. A million party workers are set to converge at Esplanade on that day. This will be followed by a Left rally on September 1.If the hot and humid weather wasn't enough, all roads leading to Esplanade remained clogged for most part of Tuesday afternoon as nearly 6,000 Left Front leaders and supporters courted arrest on price-hike. Even as Left Front chairperson Biman Bose, Assembly Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, senior Forward Bloc leader Asoke Ghosh and CPI's Manju Majumdar, among others tried to give voice to peoples plight courting arrest, instead they ended up leaving many people seething and frustrated as party flag bearers held sway over Esplanade and a hapless police chose to remain as mute spectators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15025353", "title": "China-North Korea film offers rare peek at Pyongyang", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese audience will soon get rare glimpses into the otherwise forbidden city, Pyongyang, through the first-ever film jointly produced by China and North Korea . The film will be released in early August.The film, 'Meet in Pyongyang' , is pegged on North Korea's new open-door policy and offers rare insights into the country's everyday life. It is also the first film to be jointly made by producers of a foreign country and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, founded 64 years ago.It tells the story of two female dancers, a Chinese and a North Korean, who are friends and struggling to learn Arirang, a Korean folk dance. There is no sign of North Korea's much-talked about poverty in the movie. It shows Pyongyang as a modern city on a river, with massive concrete structures like the May Day Stadium, as per reviews from the Shanghai Film Festival.The script \"feels like it was written by a joint committee of diplomats around a conference table\" , the US-based Hollywood Reporter said. Yet, it offers a \"surprisingly open vision\" of North Korea, it said.The film, financed by China , has equal inputs in script and production. It has two directors , two screenwriters and two directors of photography . It features Chinese actress Liu Dong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15025252", "title": "Fake court: HC refuses to quash criminal case against three accused", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday refused to quash a criminal case against three persons who were running 'an arbitration committee' in Coimbatore.Following reports by The Times of India on a thriving racket of fake courts in Coimbatore, the high court put a ban on such practice around two years ago. Hearing the matter, Justice Nagamuthu said holding court-like parallel proceedings was a fraudulent act and directed the subordinate court handling the case to complete the trial in six months.NJR Jegadish, Kausalya Devi and A R Chandran of the All India and Overseas Arbitration Committee filed a petition before the court seeking to quash the criminal case against them. Dismissing the petition, the judge said: \"They do not appear to be as innocent as it is sought to be projected. The very fact that the first bench has issued a direction in a PIL that these people are running a parallel court would go to show as to how these people are acting in Coimbatore.\"Based on a complaint of V Gopalsamy, the three, along with eight others, have been charged with conspiracy, cheating and forgery. Gopalsamy complained that though a property suit had been decreed in his favour twice, the 'arbitration committee' took up the matter and recorded a compromise. Justice Nagamuthu said the persons who had dragged the case to the 'arbitration committee' had no title at all. \"Despite that, by recording a compromise, the arbitrators have granted a decree. This act prima facie goes to establish the contention of the complainant that it is nothing but a fraudulent action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "tekkali", "code": "15024637", "title": "Sompeta police firing: None turns up to depose", "text": "TEKKALI: Not a single person attended the magisterial inquiry of Sompeta police firing here at the RDO office on Tuesday. Paryavarana Parirakshana Samithi (PPS), which is spearheading the agitation against the thermal power plant at Sompeta, boycotted the final phase of the inquiry. The government ordered the magisterial inquiry into the police firing at Beela area near Sompeta on July 14, 2010, in which three persons were killed.The then joint collector E Sridhar conducted two phases of the inquiry and the last phase was slated for Tuesday. But not a single person either from the proposed power plant-affected villages or representatives of PPS turned up for the inquiry. The PPS representatives had demanded the authorities to conduct the inquiry at Sompeta so that people or the anti-power plant protestors would attend the proceedings. But with the government deciding to hold it at Tekkali, inquiry officer and JC Pola Bhaskar had to sit idle till afternoon as no villager, farmer or protestor turned up to depose before him.'We have now decided to conduct the enquiry in Sompeta on July 31 as no person has bothered to come and register his/her version before us on Tuesday,\" Bhaskar told TOI. He said he would conduct the inquiry at the tehsildar's office at Sompeta. He also said that enquiry into the Kakarapalli police incident would be held at Santabommali tehsildar office on July 31.The inquiry officer issued orders to the police, revenue, representatives of the private power plant managements and medical staff who treated the victims to be present before the inquiry committee and give their written versions on the firing incidents. Nagarjuna Construction Company is setting up the thermal plant at Sompeta.About 15 people, including five agitators from two villages, attended the inquiry into the Kakarapalli firing incident, in which three persons were killed during the anti-power plant agitation in the Santabommali mandal on February 28 of 2011. Five agitators submitted their versions. The organizations agitating against the proposed East Coast Energy Limited Power plant at Kakarapalli have already represented the collector and demanded for an inquiry with a sitting judge. They complained to collector Saurab Gaur that the power plant management has resumed the works despite suspension orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024310", "title": "Six Airavat buses to have loo, pantry", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are waiting to travel in a bus which will offer you food and toilet facilities without having to get down at designated stops, then here it is. The Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is launching such services on Wednesday in select buses. Six multi-axle Volvo buses will have toilets and two of them will also have in-house pantry services.The Airavat buses with toilet facilities will now be called Airavat Superia and those with both toilets and in-house pantry will be named Airavat Bliss. KSRTC had announced such an initiative on April 20 to make long-distance travelling a world-class experience, particularly for the elderly and those with children.Officials told TOI that the toilets will be cleaned by maintenance staff of KSRTC and the food provided will be outsourced to a private vendor. \"We will later outsource the entire pantry service to the vendor, depending on demand. Also, buses which ply for more than 10 hours, like the ones to Mumbai and Pune, will have a full-fledged in-house pantry service,\" said officials.Of the six buses to have such facilities are those bound for Chennai and Tirupati. Also, two of the Airavat Bliss buses will have live television sets fixed behind the seats. They'll also be Wi-Fi enabled and can be tracked by Global Positioning System (GPS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15023898", "title": "Truck owners threaten stir against government order", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Truck Owners' Association (JTOA) has threatened to launch statewide bandh in protest against the district administration decision to ban 15-year-old commercial vehicles from August 1.Addressing a press conference, JTOA chairman Uday Shankar Ojha said: \"If the government or administration tries to remove such vehicles from road, we will also seek support of various transporter associations, petrol pump association and Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industry to protest against the order.\"\"If the government will use force, we will call a statewide bandh till the order is withdrawn,\" he added.Claiming that the government \"misinterpreted\" the high court order, Ojha said: \"The high court asked the state government to suggest a way to decrease the level of pollution from the city and the state government submitted the report saying removal of older vehicles was the option. The high court has not given any direction of removal of old vehicles and if it has, then the government should prove it.\"Ojha said that a time of only three months was given to remove the old vehicles and no alternative job option has been given to those five lakh people who will be directly affected if the order is followed.He said: \"The rulings of high courts in many states say that a time of two to four years should be given before removing the vehicles, and, that too, after providing an alternative job option to the affected people.\"\"Our protest will continue until the order is not taken back or an alternative livelihood option is not provided to the people who will be directly affected by the order,\" Ojha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri (wb)", "code": "15028912", "title": "Little impact of shutdown in north Bengal, life remains normal", "text": "JALPAIGURI (WB): Life was largely unaffected in north Bengal, the only region of influence of \"Aaamra Bangali\" and \" Bangla Bhasha Bachao Committee\", on Wednesday by a 24-hour statewide bandh called by the two organisations to demand cancellation of the GTA Act.Barring pockets in Siliguri, Sukna, Panitanki More and Darjeeling More, life was unaffected elsewhere in north Bengal.Official sources said the bandh did not have any impact in Darjeeling, Kalimpong and Kurseong sub-divisions.Ten Aamra Bangali supporters were arrested at Hashmichowk in Siliguri for burning an effigy of GJM president Bimal Gurung.The GTA polls are scheduled for July 29. The GJM had earlier threatened to boycott the polls over the Justice Shyamal Sen- headed committee recommendations on territorial inclusion of the Dooars and Terai that it had rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15023690", "title": "Blue road signboards give way to red ones", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority is replacing the current road direction and traffic signboards with florescent indicators and is introducing uniform overhead gantries. Though Authority officials told TOI that the configuration, size and location of all signs will be in accordance with the IRC code for road signs, they refused to comment on the colour of the new boards even as 'red' signboards have already started appearing in a few locations across the city. Residents are speculating that this move might be political.Starting July 1, the colour of traffic cops' uniform in Gautam Budh Nagar was changed from blue to khaki trousers and cap. In April 2008, former UP chief minister, Mayawati, had changed the colour of the uniforms from white to blue trousers. She had been criticized for her decision because blue is the colour of her party, the BSP.Authority officials claimed that the move to replace the existing gantries - direction boards which are blue in colour - comes in the wake of a recent incident when a gantry in Sector 62 fell after heavy rains on July 8. \"The present overhead boards are in a bad condition due to lack of proper maintenance. They were put up on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis, but the agencies responsible for their upkeep have not maintained them,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil).Starting Sunday, all the 10 work circles of the Authority have been directed by CEO Sanjiv Saran to pull down nearly 75 gantries located across Noida within 7 days. Till Monday, 20% of the blue boards had already been taken down. \"We will invite tenders for replacement of the boards within the next 2-3 days,\" Goel said.The boards will be replaced in two phases. \"In the first phase, we are replacing only major signboards along the main roads of Noida, while signboards along internal roads will be replaced in the next phase,\" Goel said.Officials refused to comment on the budget for the new signboards. The boards will be retro-reflective and made of strong and durable material supported by a pipe of 3mm thickness with a 10 inch diameter. The old one was only 1.5mm thick and with a 1.5 inch diameter. \"It will be weather-resistant and will not have space for advertisers. It will have a life-span of nearly 20 years,\" said an official.When asked about the inconvenience caused to commuters due to lack of direction boards till they are replaced, Authority officials said that most new cars come equipped with GPRS and motorists should not face any difficulty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025767", "title": "47% cell towers in city unauthorized", "text": "NEW DELHI: With increase in number of cell phone users, cellular operators are looking for new sites to install mobile towers. However, many operators have installed these towers without civic agencies' sanction, especially after the erstwhile MCD had come up with a stringent revised policy on it in 2010.Instead, Cellular Operators' Association of India had moved the Delhi high court against the order and, last April, the court struck down MCD's decision to increase the installation fee and its right to decide the site. However , the court also made it clear that the operators can't install towers without the civic agencies' permission. But according to MCD, of the 5,656 mobile towers installed across the city till February 2012, 2,656 (47%) are operating without its permission.Officials say the new guidelines were issued following complaints from resident welfare associations. The cash-strapped MCD had also increased the installation fee from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 5 lakh for every five years.\"The policy was revised to limit the number of towers in residential colonies. Under the new policy, the first preference was given to municipal and government buildings (barring hospitals and schools), and then to nonresidential areas, near drains, vacant land. But not many operators have applied for permission in the last one year,\" said Yogender Chandolia , chairman of standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.Permission for installing towers in residential colonies and group housing societies was to be given only if there was no alternative. \"We have appealed against the order as the new policy will not only help the civic agency boost its revenue but also ensure that cellular operators follow all safety norms,\" he said. The matter is pending before a double bench in HC.As per the new policy, the cellular operators were required to get clearance from various government agencies like the fire department, DDA, DUAC, AAI etc. \"The court has struck down two points of our new policy. But the cellular operators have to fulfill the rest to obtain permission . But in the past one year, not many cellular operators have applied for permission and those who have applied don't fulfill the other terms and conditions,\" said an official of South Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024866", "title": "Bail rejected for sermon in court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A convict lodged in a jail in Banaskantha district, Angatpuri Samapuri Sadhu sought temporary bail for two months to repair his hut in his village.However, the Gujarat high court did not permit him because of the religious sermon he gave in his bail petition.Sadhu demanded that he be released for two months to undertake repairs of his hut. The HC has been granting temporary bail to many prisoners during rainy season for this purpose, but in this case it was reluctant.The reason could be seen in his application, wherein he told the court that he left the worldly affairs right from his childhood. The division bench of Ravi Tripathi and Paresh Upadhyay asked him if he has already renounced the world, he cannot have any affection towards his hut.Raising this question, the HC bench rejected Sadhu's bail plea.In another such case, the high court granted bail to a convict from Amreli, Karshibhai Patel, for 15 days to remain with his family to observe the fasting rituals called 'Dashama Na Vrat'. Patel has been punished with seven-year jail term and he has served more than four years. The court noticed that he had enjoyed furlough and bail on four occasions in the past, but had always reported back in time.Since there was no adverse remark against Patel in his jail records, the division bench permitted him to be with his family during the time of fasting after furnishing bond of Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15022959", "title": "BJP files graft plaint against Chhagan Bhujbal", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP on Tuesday levelled allegations of corruption against NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his family members. In a written complaint to the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), party leaders Kirit Somaiya and Devendra Phadanvis accused Bhujbal of \"corrupt practices, money laundering , misuse of official position, grabbing government land contracts and parking scam money\".Copies of the complaint, along with documentary evidence, were also sent to the offices of the President, the Prime Minister and the chief minister. Complaint of corruption was also made against members of the minister's family.Bhujbal has refuted the allegations and termed them \"baseless\".Questioning a 192% escalation in the cost of a project to revamp Maharashtra Sadan (the official state guesthouse) in Delhi, Opposition leaders alleged that Bhujbal abused his position to ensure that sub-contracts were passed on to \"benami\" companies owned by him and his family. A press communication issued in this regard claimed the main contractor, KS Chamankar, had awarded sub-contracts to Origin Infrastructure Private Ltd, Ideen Furniture Private Ltd and Niche Infrastructure Private Ltd, whose director were employees or relatives of employees of the Bhujbal Group of Companies.Bhujbal heads the public works department, which is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of all government buildings.The cost of the Maharashtra Sadan's work, which has now been completed, rose from Rs 52 crore to Rs 152 crore.Bhujbal has however termed the allegation as \"malicious\" and has even raised the timing of the \"baseless allegations\". The government has plans to inaugurate the new Maharashtra Sadan in the next few days..He said that the decision to award the project to KS Chamankar was taken by an infrastructure sub-committee headed by the chief minister. He also asserted that \"any cost escalation\" was the result of delay in project's execution, which was the contractor's responsibility. He also claimed that the government had no role to play in sub-contracts awarded by the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurap/jamalpur", "code": "15024393", "title": "Two bodies dug out of riverbank", "text": "Gurap/Jamalpur: The horror story of the Gurap rehab home gets gorier by the day. The bodies of two more women were exhumed from the banks of River Damodar in Burdwan's Jamalpur on Tuesday in the presence of CID and police officers. One of the bodies seemed to have been buried recently and the other was reduced to bare bones.The four suspects in the Guria mystery death case led police to the grave sites at Telkupi ghat. When the police team arrived on the riverbank around 3.10pm, viIlagers poured out of their homes and eagerly pointed out the same sites to the police. They said that they had repeatedly informed police that bodies were being secretly buried there but no action was taken. Jamalpur and Gurap are on opposites sides of the Burdwan-Hooghly border.Special IG, Burdwan range, Basab Talukdar and Hooghly SP Tanmay Raychaudhury called a meeting of senior police officers of the district at the Chinsurah circuit house on Tuesday. Talukdar expressed his doubts about the Jamalpur OC's role in the case to Burdwan SP SMH Meerza, who immediately 'closed' OC Rajat Pal and investigating officer B P Dikhsit to Burdwan police lines on charges of dereliction of duty. The accused officers have been taken off active duty.The horror story of the systematic sexual assault on inmates of the Gurap rehab home and the series of murders and secret burials came to light on July 1 with the death of Guria. Twelve suspects have since been arrested, with two more landing in the CID net on Tuesday. They include ambulance driver Raghunath Santra and home employee Biswanath Murmu, both residents of Gurap's Khajurdaho village where the home is located. The 10 already in police custody include the owner of Dulal Smriti Sansad Girls' Rehabilitation Home, Uday Chand Kumar, and Dr Kanchan Mondal, who allegedly issued Guria's death certificate. The main accused, Shyamal Ghosh, is still at large.The CID has taken over the investigation and is interrogating the detained suspects. During interrogation, home employee Sandip Das and a colleague confessed that they were paid Rs 150 to bury two bodies of inmates \"murdered in the home\". They carried the bodies in an ambulance driven by Santra to Jamalpur.A CID team, led by DIG operations Sankar Chakraborty and investigating officer Sarbani Bhattacharya, set out to exhume the bodies on Tuesday morning. Das, Kumar and Mondal were among the four suspects taken to the spot. Das told the CID team that the burial spot lay in the burning ghat on the banks of River Damodar. He pointed out the precise spot where they had buried two bodies \"on the home owner's instructions\". An hour of digging yielded the two bodies.One of the corpses had turned to skeleton and the other one was partly decomposed. \"The bodies have not been identified and no one has come forward to claim them. They will be sent for autopsy. We suspect two more bodies are buried on the banks of the Damodar. More investigation is needed but we are confident of solving the case,\" said Chakraborty. \"We will send samples for DNA testing. We suspect they are residents of the home,\" said Bhattacharya. \"We found that sand has been heaped in two places. We might dig more extensively to look for more bodies.\"SP Meerza is not satisfied with the investigation conducted by SI Rajat Pal and ASI B P Dikhsit in the disappearance of Jharna Samanta, an inmate of the Gurap Home, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15025081", "title": "Even 6-year-old girls want to look sexy", "text": "WASHINGTON: Girls as young as six years are already beginning to think of themselves as sex objects, a new study of elementary school-age children in the US has found. It has been found in the past that women and teens think of themselves in sexually objectified terms, but the new study published in the journal 'Sex Roles' is the first to identify self-sexualization in young girls.In the study, psychologists at Knox College in Galesburg, Illionis, used paper dolls to assess self-sexualization in six- to nine-year-old girls. Sixty girls were shown two dolls, one dressed in tight and revealing \"sexy\" clothes and the other wearing a trendy but covered-up, loose outfit.Using a different set of dolls for each question, the team then asked each girl to choose the doll that: looked like herself, looked how she wanted to look, was the popular girl in school, she wanted to play with. Across-the-board, girls chose the \"sexy\" doll most often. The results were significant in two categories: About 6% of the girls said the doll looked how she wanted to look, and 72% said she was more popular than the non-sexy doll, LiveScience reported.\"It's very possible that girls wanted to look like the sexy doll because they believe sexiness leads to popularity, which comes with many social advantages,\" said lead researcher Christy Starr, who was surprised at how many 6 to 7-year-old girls chose the sexualized doll as their ideal self. Other studies have found that sexiness boosts popularity among girls but not boys. \"Although the desire to be popular is not uniquely female, the pressure to be sexy in order to be popular is,\" she pointed out.Starr and her team also looked at factors that influenced the girls' responses. Most of the girls were recruited from two public schools, but a smaller subset was recruited from a local dance studio. The girls in this latter group actually chose the non-sexualized doll more often for each of the four questions than did the public-school group. pti Being involved in dance and other sports has been linked to greater body appreciation and higher body image in teen girls and women, Starr said.\"It's possible that for young girls, dance involvement increased body esteem and created awareness that their bodies can be used for purposes besides looking sexy for others, and thus decreased self-sexualisation.\"According to the researchers, media consumption alone did not influence girls to prefer the sexy doll. But girls who watched a lot of TV and movies and who had moms who reported self-objectifying tendencies, such as worrying about their clothes and appearance many times a day, were more likely to say the sexy doll was popular.The authors suggest that the media or moms who sexualise women may predispose girls toward objectifying themselves; then, the other factor (mom or media) reinforces the messages, amplifying the effect.On the other hand, mothers who reported often using TV and movies as teaching moments about bad behaviours and unrealistic scenarios were much less likely to have daughters who said they looked like the sexy doll, the team found.The power of maternal instruction during media viewing may explain why every additional hour of TV- or movie-watching actually decreased the odds by seven per cent that a girl would choose the sexy doll as popular, Starr said.However, girls who didn't consume a lot of media but who had religious mothers were much more likely to say they wanted to look like the sexy doll.\"This pattern of results may reflect a case of 'forbidden fruit' or reactance, whereby young girls who are overprotected from the perceived ills of media by highly religious parents.. begin to idealise the forbidden due to their underexposure,\" the authors wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15023437", "title": "What's life without a fight: Ashok Dinda", "text": "CHENNAI: Ashok Dinda has impressed aficionados with his pace and accuracy and South African legend Alan Donald reckons he is the best Indian paceman at the moment. Dinda, though, has a few duels to fight within the team to seal a permanent slot but all that doesn't bother the feisty man.During an exclusive chat with the TOI on the sidelines of the ongoing India camp before the short Sri Lanka tour, he talked about his cricket and career. Excerpts:You bowled well in the limited opportunities that you got in the Asia Cup. How are you looking forward to a new season?Yes, Asia Cup wasn't bad, but I don't like dwelling on past performances.Everyday, you have to prove yourself as a cricketer if you have to survive in top-flight cricket and I know that very well. The road has never been too smooth for me.Sri Lanka is a tough team, more so in their own backyard. Your thoughts?Yes, Sri Lanka have some fantastic batsmen, but we can't worry about that. My job is to bowl my heart out, whatever the conditions be, and I will do that.You love to strive for pace. It may not always work against Lanka?Why Lanka, if you are not intelligent enough, only pace will not work against any team.My bowling coach at Pune Warriors, Alan Donald has told me how to be aggressive and yet not go overboard. Hitting the right line and length is as important as bowling fast and I am trying to do that.It must be a great feeling when somebody like Donald praises you so much, saying that he sees shades of himself in you?It's a wonderful compliment, and I really cherish it. But I also know that I have to go a long way to be as good as him. He has given me some valuable tips and I am looking to work on that.Your take on new Indian bowling coach Joe Dawes?I am just getting used to working with him. I am sure it will be a very fruitful association. The seniors in the side like Zaheer Khan are also very helpful.How do you see your duel with the likes of Umesh Yadav for a place in the first XI?What is life without a fight? I love such challenges, if you have to go up the ladder, there will always be these duels that you have to win. The competition will always be there and that's a very healthy sign. My job is go on keep doing my job, the rest will take care of itself.There have been issues with injuries in your career. How do you look to handle that?Yes, the injury during the IPL (side strain) was really shattering. I was doing well at that time and it was a wrong time to get injured. When I went to West Indies for the A series, initially, there was this sense of apprehension that I may get injured again. But as the games went by, I completely forgot about it and came back to my natural self.The tour of West Indies didn't go as well as expected?The team that we were playing against was really good. On a personal front, I don't think I bowled too badly, but I would have been happy with a few more wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15025146", "title": "An artificial disc to keep your bad back flexible", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a tiny, artificial disc which mimics the flexibility of the spine, a feat they say could revolutionize the treatment of back pain. Developed by a team at Brigham Young University in the US, the \"roller\" when inserted in the spine replaces damaged discs and provides the same range of movement as the real one.The replacement disc has a rolling action to allow the spine to move in different directions. It's intended as an alternative to fusion, where bones either side of the damaged disc area are welded together to reduce pain, the Daily Mail reported.Spinal discs, which contain a gel-like substance, help cushion the vertebrae during movement. While they are critical for movement, the discs can become the source of back pain when they degenerate. Treatment ranges from painkillers &amp; physiotherapy , to different types of surgery.One of the common forms is spinal fusion, in which the vertebrae on either side of the damaged disc are welded together to make one solid bone. However, the operation can limit the flexibility of the spine and restrict movement. To overcome this problem, the Brigham team designed and developed the artificial roller that can move forwards and backwards, as well as side to side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15022828", "title": "Get ready to pay more for mutual fund investments", "text": "MUMBAI: Mutual fund investors should prepare to shell out more for their investments. If the recommendations of an advisory committee appointed by Sebi are accepted by the market regulator, mutual fund investors may have to pay up to Rs 60 more for every Rs 10,000 invested in mutual funds. This is, however, on the condition that fund houses enter smaller towns and cities as well, the modalities for which are yet to be worked out, Sebi sources said.The committee also proposed that the fees fund houses charge from investor, called expense ratio, should not have limits under sub-heads like management fee, marketing expense, trail commission etc, but has to be fungible. That means if a fund house has lower management cost, it should be allowed to spend higher under trail commission or marketing expense within the overall limit. If the regulator agrees to this proposal, the better managed fund houses will be able to save on fund management costs and in turn would pay higher trail commission to their distributors, top industry officials said.The Sebi committee also proposed a change in the use of exit load in equity schemes, with the aim to compensate long-term investors. It proposed that Sebi should allow the 1% exit load that is currently charged to short-term investors to be ploughed back into the scheme, rather than it going into the books of the fund house, as is the practice now. This will in effect add to the scheme's NAV and benefit those investors who stay back, an official with a fund house said. Currently, only exit loads in excess of 1% is ploughed back into the scheme.According to industry sources, the MF advisory committee proposed that the expense ratio should be increased by 25 basis points (that is a quarter of a percentage point), and also that investors should pay the service tax, instead of the current practice of fund houses taking it on themselves. At present, fund houses are allowed to expense fees up to 2.5% per annum in equity schemes and 2.25% in debt schemes. However, the fees are graded and come down as the total assets under management (AUM) increase. Currently, for the first Rs 100 crore equity AUM, the expense ratio allowed is 2.5%, for the next Rs 300 crore 2.25%, for the next Rs 300 crore 2% and all AUMs above Rs 700 crore is charged at 1.75%. If Sebi accepts the recommendations, for every slab, the charges will rise by 25 basis points, but of all likelihood this will be passed on to fund distributors, sources said.In the meeting on Tuesday, there were some disagreement among participants on who should bear the service tax burden, but most were in favour of investors picking up the tab, sources said. Other than the 14 members on Sebi's MF advisory committee, the meeting was also attended by representatives from the finance ministry and some Sebi officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15026178", "title": "Couple held for duping travellers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A couple has been arrested for allegedly duping customers and travel agents of several lakhs on the pretext of providing them tour packages .According to police, Anu Chandra Paul (32) and Aparna Paul (31), both natives of Assam, were arrested after three travel agents filed a complaint against them and their accomplice , Amrit Paul.The complainants alleged that the couple was operating a travel agency since February 2010 in Karol Bagh and had duped people of around Rs 60 lakh by falsely promising them tour packages and tickets.Devesh Chandra Srivastava , additional CP, central district, said, \"The complainants were examined and a raid was conducted at the office of the accused. It was learnt that the accused had fled to Silchar in Assam. On the basis of technical surveillance , accused were apprehended by the team.\" However, their accomplice is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023838", "title": "In volte face, Centre to accept minimum wages for NREGA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is set to accept 'minimum wages' under the job guarantee scheme, apprehensive that taking such action later, on the possible directives of the Supreme Court, would show it as reluctant to give higher wages to the poor.Rural development ministry will soon seek Cabinet approval to make wages of MGNREGA at par with Minimum Wages Act prevailing in states.It marks a government volte face after it moved the apex court against a Karnataka High Court ruling that wages under the job scheme could not be less than minimum wage rate fixed under MW Act.At the core of the dispute is a provision in MGNREG Act (clause 6-1) which empowers the Centre to notify wages, irrespective of the MW Act.The provision, in essence, states that the job scheme was not bound by the \"floor remuneration\" to be paid to workers, a fact disputed by social activists.While a harried government feared the Karnataka HC order would increase the cost of the central scheme manifold, many including RD minister Jairam Ramesh felt that challenging the HC order would be seen as denying higher wages to the poor. It would be politically counter productive.The initial reaction, not encouraging, in the apex court seems to have nudged the Centre to be proactive in bringing the MGNREGA in sync with MW Act. It is feared that a negative verdict could leave the Centre stranded, having to bear higher costs of the job scheme without the credit of giving increased wages.However, the Centre may be playing a little game to guard against arbitrary hikes in minimum wages by states to extract more money from Delhi.It has proposed to amend clause 6-1 to read that while Centre would notify the wages, it would ensure that \"the first time\" these wages are not less than MW Act.At the same time, it wants to tweak the clause about funding pattern. Instead of committing the Centre to \"meet the cost of amount required for payment of wages\", the RD ministry wants it to read that Centre would meet the cost of wages as determined by the Centre (under 6-1)It means that after ensuring that wages fixed are not less than MW Act, the Centre would be at liberty to not hike the wages even if states revised their minimum wages.It would deter the states from assuming that hike in MW Act would automatically fetch them total reimbursement of wage outgo under MGNREGA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15026117", "title": "Untreated garbage litters Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: If one is of the opinion that city would also get rid of thousands of tonnes of garbage, which were dumped at Seer Govardhan, Tengda and Kaithi areas when the Solid Waste Management (SWM) plant was under construction, it may prove wrong, because A2Z, the Gurgaon based company, which is engaged in the scientific disposal of the waste has no plan to treat the already dumped garbage.According to public relation officer (PRO), Radhey Krishna Tiwari, the first priority would be to treat fresh garbage and there is no proposal to treat the already dumped garbage yet. \"Garbage has been used for land filling by people on whose land garbage were dumped, at other places where the dumped garbage is still left, we can treat the garbage if people will have any problem with that\", informed deputy general manager (DGM), A2Z, Ajay Singh.Raising questions about the unhygenic conditions the dumped garbage would cause in the environment, the authorities are claiming 550 MT collection of waste per day.On one hand city boast of having a functional solid waste management plant, which claims to clean the city by converting garbage into something useful, on the other hand the heap of garbage scattered at several places, overflowing garbage bins, and foul smelling regional collection centres (RCC installed at various places including in front of schools and hospitals) presents a sorry picture of the city.It is noteworthy that apart from door to door collection of waste, the sweeping of streets also adds up to the garbage, which is transferred to SWM plant at Karsada. Most of the RCCs specially near Beniabagh Park, Maldahiya, Godowlia are almost over flowing all the time and the clutter are found scattered on the roads.However, the officials who are designated with the task of cleanliness of the city are presenting different facts. According to PRO, Tiwari, the street swept garbage is not collected directly by A2Z, infact these are collected at RCC by VNN sweepers, and then VNN informs A2Z about it and from where it is collected by A2Z staffs.\"There are as many as 18 RCCs at present. In coming years, they have to be removed, however until and unless denizens will not stop throwing garbage on streets, RCCs cannot be removed. A huge amount of garbage is collected in old parts of the city through street sweeping. It is just another way of collection of waste apart from door to door collection\", he informed. However, according to additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, and DGM, A2Z, Ajay Singh the street sweepers deposit the garbage in the same dust bin where A2Z door to door collectors deposit the waste.According to Tiwari, at present around 550 MT garbage is collected, which includes 350 MT garbage collected from door to door collection while 200 MT garbage collected from RCC (street sweeping). Shockingly, according to Tiwari, only 150 MT garbage out of 550 MT is treated at SWM plant, while the rest amount of garbage is being dumped in Padao area in an open land near railway tracks. According to him, the SWM plant is in its first phase, once the by products and the treated garbage will be inspected after the end of first phase in August, the SWM plant will convert full amount of garbage collected from the city.However, showing complete lack of coordination and unclear facts, authorities of VNN and even DGM, A2Z, Ajay Singh contradict it. According to them almost 90 per cent of the total garbage collection is treated at SWM plant.While the officials are themselves not sure about their strategies and action of work, tangled between the technical and professional anomalies, the sanitary conditions of the city is definitely on the stake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15023850", "title": "CM Munda lays foundation of Deoghar international airport", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for construction of an international airport at Deoghar. The foundation stone was laid online from here as Munda cannot move due to spine injury suffered in the chopper crash on May 9.Sources in the chief minister's office said the airport will be constructed with an investment of around Rs 350 crore on a 675-acre plot. Centre will provide Rs 300 crore and the remaining amount, which includes fund for land acquisition, road connectivity and electricity, will be provided from the state budget.Deoghar attracts at least 20 lakh devotees during Shrawan (July-August) month. The annual tourist flow to the district which has many religious places (apart from Baidyanathdham) like Rikhia Ashram and Satsang Ashram is estimated to be around 70 lakh from all over the world. Devotees come to Deoghar from around 40 countries.Tourists, especially those from foreign countries, face hardship in reaching the place in absence of air connectivity. All tourists reach Deoghar via Kolkata which is around 375km from the holy place.After laying the foundation stone, Munda said that construction of an airport will help to bring Deoghar on the map of international religious tourist circuit.\"The place has good potential. We expect that the airport will further improve the situation and also increase the flow of devotees,\" said Munda.District administration officials said that the plot is close to Rikhia Ashram. \"The plot will meet the requirement of 4.5-km-long and 500-meter-wide runway for the airport.At the same time the place has minimum habitation and maximum waste land. There are around 100 families living in huts and temporary houses. The airport will be developed in two years.In the first phase, the airport will be quipped to handle smaller aircrafts of ATR 72 category. In the second phase, the airport will have capacity to handle Airbus 321.Chief minister said that construction of an airport will help to bring Deoghar on the map of international religious tourist circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027861", "title": "Rihanna to design clothing line for River Island", "text": "Rihanna is trying her hand as a fashion designer by creating her very own \"street to chic\" clothing line for British High Street chain River Island.The 24-year-old R and B singer's first capsule collection will be going on sale in the stores from spring 2013.According to reports, the singer was going to work with the company after she had been spotted visiting the chain's head office in London in March and she has now admitted that she has wanted to become involved in fashion for a while.\"I've been wanting to design my own collection for some time,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"River Island is the perfect partner for me to collaborate with and working with a British, family run business also really appealed to me.\"I find London really inspiring and River Island loves to have fun with clothes. I'm looking forward to working with them and creating something really special,\" she said.The clothes and accessories in the popstar's line have not yet been finalised but River Island chief executive Ben Lewis said that the range will reflect her \"street to chic\" style.\"We are thrilled to be collaborating with Rihanna and to be the first fashion brand to work with her in this way,\" Lewis said.\"Rihanna is a style icon, from street to chic she enjoys her fashion. As soon as we started to work together we knew this was a perfect fit.\"Rihanna will be designing the collection and we will be sharing our fashion experience with her to develop a range her fans will love,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025155", "title": "People's Union for Civil Liberties seeks intervention in Baghpat's khap diktat", "text": "LUCKNOW: Strongly condemning the Talibani diktat of Asara village panchayat in Baghpat district, the Peoples Union for Civil Liberties, UP, has demanded immediate intervention of the state government in the matter. Calling the panchayat diktat barbaric, the PUCL general secretary Vandana Misra has said that such people not only demonstrate their disrespect for Indian Constitution, which guarantees gender equality, but also show contempt for the highest judicial body of our country, the Supreme Court, which has categorically condemned khap panchayats attitude towards women. She demanded that the government should immediately intervene in the matter, take stringent action against the culprits and ensure respect, safety and security to the women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028855", "title": "Sherlyn Chopra: I deserve Bharat Ratna", "text": "After posing nude for American men's magazine Playboy, Sherlyn Chopra has a new desire.The model and actress, who has become the first Indian to feature on the magazine's cover, wishes that Indian government should consider this act as 'the highest degree of service' towards the country. \"I shud b given a Bharat Ratna award-d highest civilian award of d Republic India given 4 d highest degree of service 2 the nation. Seriously!\" tweeted Sherlyn.Although the starlet is back in Mumbai yet she is missing the Playboy founder and her friends in the mansion. She tweeted, \"With Ava Fabian-a five time Playboy cover girl and my new BFF! With a sweetheart at the Mansion. M gonna miss all my playboy friends......never mind though, will be back soon! The one place I'm gonna miss the most at the Mansion is the dining area...Huge thanks to the entire staff!\"The issue is expected to be out early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023923", "title": "Ministry of defence denies BEML to jointly develop wheeled artillery gun with Slovakian firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of defence (MoD) has suspended a proposal by defence PSU BEML to develop a wheeled artillery gun in collaboration with a Slovakian firm after it stumbled upon the involvement of Tatra Sipox, which is owned by the controversial NRI businessman Ravi Rishi and under CBI investigation, in the proposed deal, estimated at over Rs 2,000 crore.TOI was first to expose Rishi's connection in the proposal to create an Indian version of the wheeled gun Zuzana, for which the Slovakian DMD Group had signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with BEML. Top government sources said senior BEML officials were recently summoned to Delhi to seek explanation about Rishi's UK-based firm's involvement in the deal. BEML has conveyed to the Slovakian firm about MoD's order to scrap the Zuzana gun deal.MoD expressed its surprise since the controversial Tatra Sipox had been named as business associate of the DMD Group in the deal.Sources say procedures such as field trial of the Slovakian 155mm Zuzana gun had been carried out after signing the contract, but the final direction on the supply orders were awaited from the MoD. While BEML may have been hoping for the Army placing an order on a nomination basis, the force was planning to float a competitive tendering process.MoD has instructed BEML to stay away from any deal involving Tatra Sipox. The ministry, however, has given its nod for user trial to be held for tracked gun, Arzu, for which BEML had signed a MoU with the same Slovakian firm.In the MoU signed for Zuzana, the Slovakian firm had agreed to consider 30%-35% indigenization of the product, including the chassis to be provided by Tanax/Tatra Sipox, UK, and also stated that the details of the indigenization would be discussed later. The firm had agreed to consider transfer of technology to BEML with a minimum 30% indigenization, including the vehicle portion with super structure to be supplied by the defence PSU with the support of partner, Tatra Sipox.MoD is closely monitoring all BEML and Tatra Sipox deals after CBI filed FIR for alleged cheating and other irregularities in the supply of Tatra trucks to the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024412", "title": "'Jungle law reigns, not bravado'", "text": "BANGALORE: Wildlife enthusiasts believe the forest is no place for individual bravado. \"It is a jungle out there, and only jungle law prevails there,\" they said.Avid trekker Kiran Madan Gopal said those who enter the forest need proper guidance. \"You can't sneak in. However, high and mighty you may be in the civilized world, that doesn't hold good in the jungle. You're at the mercy of wild animals and you need to keep this in mind. Most accidents take place when one enters the jungle unprepared,\" he added.NJ Guna Prakash, a wildlife enthusiast and photographer, said anyone visiting the jungle should be ready to encounter life-threatening challenges. \"I've had several close encounters with wild animals. I found that most of us are still amateurs when it comes to the jungle even to this day,\" he added.\"Youngsters without knowing the illegality of their act enter BBP through adjacent farmlands and get lost. But remember, this is not a violation of one-way traffic rule on the roads but trespassing into somebody else's territory,\" said Prakash, who holds wildlife slide shows for schoolchildren.Dos and Don'ts* Before entering the forest, trekkers should take permission from forest department* They should take locals to guide them. Forest department provides guides/gunmen for security* Have a map at hand and plan your journey* Don't shoot with a camera. The flash provokes elephants* Don't venture too close to wild animals* Respect animals because you are in their territory* Be armed with torches", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024639", "title": "Hospitals fleecing Aarogyasri patients to be penalised", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hospitals which demand money from Aarogyasri beneficiaries or doll out faulty services to them will have to cough up 10 times the cost of the treatment given to the patient. Apart from paying the penalty to the trust, the hospitals will also have to refund the money to the patient. The Aarogyasri Trust has received close to 900 complaints from dissatisfied beneficiaries since April this year.In a circular shot to hospitals last week, the trust stated that it has noticed irregularities in the implementation of Aarogyasri scheme by the network hospitals. Hence, for proper implementation of the scheme, the trust has decided to impose a penalty of \"exemplary cost value as determined by the Empanelment and Disciplinary Committee (EDC) against the erring network hospitals and their personnel for their acts of omissions and commissions such as collection of money from Aarogyasri patients and for deficiency in services\".According to the circular, the penalty will be determined based on the nature of the complaint and subsequently the decision of the disciplinary committee. In case the erring networkhospital which is being penalized fails to pay up, it will be delisted. Further, the authorities also informed that the current period of six months for delisted hospitals to be re-empanelled has been revised to two years.Till recently, the trust used to delist hospitals only in extreme cases and was otherwise holding back from any punishment until the hospital returned the amount to the patient. \"Some hospitals are collecting money deliberately. So far, whenever we got such complaints, we only took corrective action by asking the particular hospital to pay back the money to the beneficiary. There was no punishment.As a deterrent, we have now decided to bring in the concept of exemplary punishment. In addition to reimbursing the amount to the patients they have to pay up to 10 times the amount to the trust,\" said a trust official.Meanwhile, the revenue department issued GO 452 on July 16 including orphans and destitute in old age homes managed/ recognized by the state government under the Aarogyasri health insurance scheme. Women and Child Welfare department has been directed to identify all such institutions and communicate the list to the trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "15023992", "title": "Mob protests killing of BJP MLC's employee", "text": "KATIHAR: An irate mob set ablaze the vehicle of BJP MLC Ashok Agrawal and blocked the main road at Shahid Chowk here to protest the killing of one Dhiraj Mahto (35) who worked as an employee of the MLC. The killing took place in the guardroom of the MLC's residence-cum-petrol pump at Mirchabari here on Tuesday morning.The angry mob forcibly took away the body and were demonstrating with it till reports last came in. They accused police of conniving with the MLC and hatching a conspiracy to eliminate Mahto.The MLC, also a businessman, has been named as an accused in the FIR lodged in this connection on the basis of the statement of deceased's brother Niraj Mahto, a resident of Nayatola in Katihar town. Dhiraj used to work at a construction site at Araria, but of late had become reluctant to go back to Araria. \"This perhaps angered his employer,\" police quoted the FIR as having alleged.Agrawal, however, said his bodyguard Awadh Kishore Yadav was cleaning his carbine when it suddenly went off, killing Dhiraj. Darbhanga zone IG R K Mishra also told TOI over phone prima facie it appeared to be a case of accidental firing. The MLC's bodyguard is absconding, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15026608", "title": "Commuters' protest forces railways to clear onward journey of passenger train in Thrissur", "text": "THRISSUR: A timely protest by commuters averted the efforts of railway authorities to detain the Guruvayur-Eranakulam Passenger train (56371) in Thrissur on Tuesday morning. The train reached Thrissur Station on time and was received in platform number three instead of the usual plat form number one. Smelling detention in Thrissur to give way for the late-running Chennai-Alapuzha Express (16041), a section of passengers rushed to the duty station master's room and protested against the detention. Finally, the station master contacted higher-ups in Thiruvananthapuram and got permission to release the Passenger train before the late-running Alapuzha Express.Most of the daily commuters from Thrissur to Eranakulam side depend on the passenger train to reach their desired destinations on every morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15024540", "title": "Mobile use up six fold since 2000", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 30 billion apps were downloaded in 2011 and three-quarters of the world's inhabitants now have access to a mobile phone. India has 70 mobile subscriptions per 100 people, a new report from the World Bank says.\"Mobile communication has arguably had a bigger impact on humankind in a shorterperiod of time than any other invention in human history,\" the \"Information and Communications for Development 2012: Maximizing Mobile\" report released by the World Bank on Tuesday says. It sees a big role for mobile applications in promoting development and stimulating economies.The number of mobile phones in use has skyrocketed from less then 1 billion in 2000 to 6 billion in 2012. With the ownership of multiple subscriptions now common, mobile usage may outnumber the world's population in the near future, the report suggests.The developing world is more \"mobile\" than the developed, having leapfrogged over some communication devices to go straight to mobiles and creating innovations like multiple-SIM phones and mobile payments, a trajectory different from that of the developed world, the report finds.India has 70 subscriptions per 100 people, of which 96% are prepaid, while 53% of households own a mobile phone. Cellphone networks currently cover 83% of Indians, a number that lags far behind other countries. Indian mobile users speak for 330 minutes per month on average, or 11 minutes per day, down from 425 minutes per user per month. India's price per minute use is the lowest possible at $0.01. Just under half of Indians use text messages on a regular basis.India however lags far behind in mobile internet access; just 3.3% use mobile internet. Smartphone penetration is the lowest among middle-income and developed countries; at the other end of the spectrum, Singapore has 90% smartphone use. This despite the fact that the average mobile data speed in India is among the highest of developing countries, and higher than China or the US.The report cites several examples of effective mobile-based innovations from India, where it says the skills and entrepreneurship for ICT exists. It singles out Kerala's mobile government programme and the Aakash tablet for praise. Electronic cash transfers by the Indian government is another area of growth, according to the authors. \"In India alone, the mobile industry is expected to generate around 7 million indirect jobs during 2012\", the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027863", "title": "Distributors increase prints for UKUP", "text": "Actor Manchu Manoj was in the news for his alleged tiff with actor Mahat Raghavendra in the recent past. The actor is back in news, and this time for all the right reasons. With his upcoming film, \" Vu Kodathara Vulikki Padathara\" (UKUP) gearing up for a July 27 release the actor seems to be quite excited. \"Grand release on July 27. Wish you all a wonderful day. Encourage our team as our dream is coming true after 4 years,\" tweeted Manoj.Apparently the distributors have pushed for an increase in the number of prints of the film. \"Increase in prints is because of the film's craze. It purely the distributors' choice and we are hoping for the best. Well our intention is not to break records but to make different films. If breaking records was my intention I would have planned my movies with big directors. The success of Eega has proved that there is no hero without a director,\" adds Manoj.Balakrishna is playing an important role of Zamindar Narasimha Naidu in this bilingual. Deeksha Seth is playing the female lead opposite Manoj. Lakshmi Manchu is also doing a cameo in this flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023884", "title": "Govt uses Obama's FDI concern to push presidential reference on 2G", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may have taken umbrage at Barack Obama's dim view of the country's investment climate but on Tuesday it invoked the very same remarks of the US president to persuade the Supreme Court to entertain the presidential reference on 2G judgment and accept that auction could not be the sole way of allocating all natural resources.Attorney general G E Vahanvati said the 'auction alone' law laid down by the 2G judgment had made foreign investors unsure about the fate of their investment in sectors where natural resources were not allocated through auction. Fears of future litigation and possible cancellation of licences by courts had created apprehension about the investment climate in the country, he told a bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, J S Khehar, Dipak Misra and Ranjan Gogoi.\"We are most concerned about FDI, which is the foundation of the presidential reference. Everyone is complaining about the investment climate. President Obama has also remarked,\" Vahanvati said to overcome the opposition to the presidential reference from NGO petitioner 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation'. The NGO has alleged that the government's move was actually an attempt to get the 2G judgment reviewed through the backdoor.While cancelling allotment of 122 spectrum licences through a manipulated first come-first served policy as non-transparent and arbitrary, a two-judge bench of the apex court had mandated that auction alone must apply to distribution of all natural resources.The AG told the court that the President, in her reference, had pointed to the investment climate and the dimming sentiment of foreign investors.On spectrum licence cancellation ordered by the apex court, the reference had said, \"The government of India has received various notices from companies based in other countries, invoking bilateral investment agreements and seeking damages against Union of India by reason of the cancellation/threat of cancellation of the licences.\"On its impact on investors' sentiment, the reference had said, \"In the circumstances certain questions of law of far reaching national and international implications have arisen, including in relation to the conduct of the auction and the regulation of the telecommunication industry in accordance with the judgment and the FDI into this country in the telecom industry and otherwise in other sectors.\"However, the AG had on the very first day of hearing on the maintainability of the presidential reference had clarified that the government was not questioning the cancellation of the 122 spectrum licences but was concerned over the fall out of the judgment in other sectors, especially in allotment of mining leases which are distributed on first come first served basis for long.Both Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Federation of Indian Mineral Industries argued in favour the Supreme Court entertaining the presidential reference.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "15023875", "title": "ML to agitate for central varsity in Mithila", "text": "DARBHANGA: Mithilanchal unit of CPI(ML) will launch an agitation for establishment of a Central university in Darbhanga. Dhirendra Jha, in-charge Mithilanchal unit of CPI(ML)-cum-member of central committee of the party, while addressing a press meet at Nagarjun-Renu meeting hall of the local party office on Tuesday said, \"The Central government is doing injustice to the Mithila region by not establishing a Central university here. Elected representatives of this region are not raising their voices for setting up a university and have become mute spectators to the injustice done to this region by the Centre.\"Jha also said his party has decided to rope in local youths, students, intellectuals and every section of the society for starting an agitation for a central university in this region. In fact, Mithila was the first to raise a demand for central university, but it has been ignored by the Centre. His party is getting support from every corner for launching an agitation in Mithilanchal, added Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15024615", "title": "64 Wardha villages declared flood prone", "text": "WARDHA: As many as 64 villages in eight talukas of Wardha district have been declared as flood prone but the district administration is yet to begin a disaster management programme to overcome the crisis. These villages are located on the banks of Wardha, Dham, Yashoda, Wana, Bakadi and Kar river and on the fringes of Bor and Lal nullah.Though the district disaster management officer said that they have started awareness programme among the villagers, but the villagers said otherwise. \"Not a single government officer has come to our village,\" said a villager of Andori, adding, \"These officials visit are only on paper.\"The villagers claimed that they are well aware of the flood situation but want the district administration to do some thing tangible. \"We demand solutions to our problems so that we don't have to migrate temporarily from our villages. Awareness through street play and speech is not an option, either the government should give us equipment which can be used to rescue ourselves whenever there is flood or allot a specific place to move before such situation arrives,\" they said.Prakash Sayankar of Kharda village in Deoli taluka, said, \"Every year, the water of Wardha river enters into our home, and it takes two-three days take to vacate it. There are two dams and our village is right in the middle of catchment area, if any gate opens we have to face the problem. In this situation, we cannot make food, we don't have any option but to wait for the flood water to recede.\"District disaster management officer Kishor Sontakke, said, \"Three tehsildars of Wardha, Deoli and Samudrapur and I took disaster management training. We are making two committees consisting of 40 people each, including NCC cadets, home guards, youths. The training program for these people has already started.\"But a villager of Andori, said, \"Till today not a single government officer came our village or undertake any awareness drive. These works all going on paper only.\"Sontakke informed that they will give plastic drums, life jacket etc to the villagers. Asked when will he give these, Sontakke said, \"In coming one-two months.\" But, by the time the equipment reaches the villagers, the 'flood months' of the year would have passed as it generally floods in Wardha during July and August when monsoon is at it peak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15023389", "title": "15-year-old falls in construction pit, found after 3 days", "text": "NOIDA: A 15-year-old boy fell into a pit at a construction site in Noida and remained there for three days before he was rescued. But the minor boy's ordeal didn't end there. The police referred him to the BR Ambedkar Multispecialty hospital, but they said they were not equipped to treat the child. The child was then sent to another specialty hospital, where he was diagnosed with tuberculosis. Police said that during this entire period he was incapable of speech, but sporadically he would say, \"It wasn't my fault, then why did he hit me\".Senior police officers said the boy had fallen into the pit on July 12. \"The boy remained in the pit for more three days before a local resident found him. During this time, he hadn't eaten anything and had been lying there, hurt and scared,\" said a police officer.The police said the pit had been dug up at a private developer's construction site. \"At the time we found the child, he was in no condition to respond to us and he was not talking,\" added the officer. The police said that the child's comments hint at physical abuse.The police alerted Childline, a Union government initiative working at district levels to take up cases relating to children. Members of the organization then took the child along with the police to the city's only multispecialty district hospital. However, hospital officials said that they couldn't treat the child since he was traumatized and needed specialized psychiatric help.He was then referred to Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS) in Shahdara where he was diagnosed with tuberculosis.Officials of the district hospital explained that the problem was not restricted to Noida, but was a state-wide problem. \"There is no space for psychiatry in the medical cadre in the state,\" said Dr Ashok Mishra, CMS.The police said that preliminary investigation reveals that the child is from Jharkhand. \"He had reportedly come here with a relative. However, we have not been able to trace the child's home yet,\" said the police.Child rights activists argued that the case of this boy was symptomatic of the lack of coordination between the different concerned authorities in Noida. \"The problem essentially is one regarding lack of coordination and no training with regard to dealing with cases regarding children. This needs to be addressed immediately,\" said Satya Prakash of FXB-Suraksha Childline. Officials at IHBAS said that the child is in shock, but he's recovering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15028850", "title": "Government Railway Police rapped over 'unofficial' hunt for Guwahati molester", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha police on Tuesday reprimanded three government railway (GRP) police personnel for conducting a search operation of alleged Guwahati molester Amar Jyoti Kalita at Bhubaneswar railway station without any official requisition to do so.The three GRP cops, including two constables Bhubaneswar government railway police station have been served with show-cause notices. \"I have sought an explanation from them as to who instructed them to conduct the search operation. They might face disciplinary action,\" railway SP Bhagyadhar Behera told TOI.\"Assam police is the investigating agency in the case. We are ready to extend full cooperation to Assam police if their team reaches here with sketch of the accused. We cannot search him on our own unless there is an order from our higher authority,\" Behera said.The GRP cops were on Monday found carrying a newspaper (with Kalita's picture) and approaching vendors and passengers on platform no.1 asking them to keep a tab on the key accused of the ghastly Guwahati molestation incident. The policemen in question invited wrath of their seniors for doing the practice without their knowledge.DGP Prakash Mishra later informed the media that the Assam government was yet to send any official requisition to him to help them search Kalita, who was said to be hiding in Odisha. Earlier on Monday Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi asserted before the Guwahati media that Kalita was still in Odisha and the Guwahati police was in touch with its Odisha counterpart. Rumours about Kalita's arrest in Bhubaneswar railway station left the state cops on toes on Sunday. Four days ago Guwahati police had alerted the Bhubaneswar police to track a local phone number to which Kalita reportedly called. Later the city police found that the number belonged to a PCO booth. \"After that we have not received any formal communication from Assam till Wednesday morning,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024358", "title": "Industry listing gets simpler", "text": "KOLKATA: The much talked about 'single window' clearance that promises to reduce the number of forms required for setting up industry from 99 to 7, finally kickstarted on Tuesday.State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee handed over the registration certificate required for new industries to two entrepreneurs within 15 days of application at Shilpa Sadan. The industry directorate was also shifted to Shilpa Sadan from New Secretariat on Tuesday in order to bring all industry related departments under same roof to expedite industrialisation process.Chatterjee told reporters, after announcing the shifting of industry directorate that the state government will ensure speedy implementation of Single Window system.\"Our target is to give necessary clearance for industrial projects within 15 days if all the papers of the entrepreneur are in place. We started with the process today.\" he added. The industry minister handed over clearances to Rohit Ferrotech and Hrishikesh Himgiri (P) Ltd. Rohit is setting up a steel unit in Haldia with an investment of Rs 443 crore. The total investment for Hrishikesh is around Rs 100 crore. \"We are happy that in just 15 days registration can be obtained. Our group has lined up further investment in Bankura. The total investment would be more than Rs 1,000 crore,\" he added. Later onChatterjee added that industry department will set up an information cell for the investors.\"We are planning to introduce a reward system for the employees of industry department,\" he said. The special secretary of industry department Somesh Bhattacharya said going forward the registration of industrial project will be made even simpler. Incidentally,Under the single window, there is a common application form (CAF) to obtain licences and registration certificates from relevant state government departments.A senior officer of the industry department Dibyendu Roy pointed out that investors will be able to submit CAF and get all licences and registrations online along with application status tracking on the portal of the state data centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15023362", "title": "Noida Authority submits report on plot irregularities", "text": "NOIDA: Noida Authority submits report on farmhouses: Noida Authority on Tuesday submitted its \"factual\" report to the UP government on alleged irregularities in the allotment of farmhouse plots. Rakesh Bahadur, chairman of the Authority, said that it was a chronological report and not an inquiry into the alleged scam. \"I was asked to submit a fact-finding report regarding the allotments that took place during the BSP government,\" Bahadur said. He had earlier sent a page-long report to the state government on anomalies in the allotment of farmhouse plots.In May, a \"preliminary inquiry'' was ordered into the allotment of 150 farmhouses to individuals and firms in February 2009.iThe SP termed it as one of the \"three big scams in Noida\" that took place during the Mayawati regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15024667", "title": "Illegal use of govt cars to be probed", "text": "Mumbai: The misuse of government properties, by no means uncommon in India, has come into focus again, this time because of former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar. Kumar, who retired from the top post on April 30, has been continuing to use his official red-beacon car for two months.On Tuesday, following a report in TOI on the illegal use of government vehicles, chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia ordered a high-level probe into the illegal use of cars by senior bureaucrats, joint and deputy secretaries, while municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte suspended assistant engineer Sandeep N Patil for providing a car to Kumar.Kunte has also asked the chief engineer in charge of BMC vehicles to send a bill to the former commissioner for using the car between May 1 and July 16.Subodh Kumar confirmed that he was using the BMC car, but very rarely. \"I was not using the car on a regular basis. Only for attending meetings, and that too very rarely,\" he said, adding that it was \"a minor issue''.But Kumar is not alone. The misuse of official cars is reportedly rampant, with more than a dozen high-ranking bureaucrats using more than two cars and a large number of joint and deputy secretaries illegally using official vehicles. According to a high-ranking bureaucrat, while officials of the rank of secretary and above are entitled to one official vehicle, more than a dozen bureaucrats have a minimum of three at their disposal. \"The number of vehicles depends on the influence of the bureaucrat,\" he said. \"In fact, a few years ago, a principal secretary had as many as six vehicles at his disposal.''More shocking is the fact that a large number of joint and deputy secretaries, who are not eligible for an official vehicle, too have official vehicles at their disposal. \"My information is that well over 200 vehicles are being illegally used by senior bureaucrats, joint and deputy secretaries,\" said the bureaucrat. \"The chief secretary appears to be helpless. We feel that all these people should be identified, and besides a departmental probe, the entire cost of fuel should be recovered from them.''The bureaucrat said that vehicles belonging to state-run undertakings were illegally used on a large scale and in blatant violation of rules. \"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan must step in to halt the misuse of official vehicles in view of the involvement of senior bureaucrats,'' a senior Congress minister said.Meanwhile, Banthia said he had taken serious note of a report in the July 16 edition of TOI on the misuse of government vehicles by bureaucrats, joint and deputy secretaries. \"I have ordered an inquiry and sought information from all departments on allotment of vehicles. We will take stern action against erring bureaucrats and officials,'' Banthia told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15025193", "title": "Professors, medicos can\u2019t play truant", "text": "CHENNAI: Weeks after it received complaints that several college managements were fudging attendance records to help students qualify for examinations, the state medical university has made it mandatory for all medical, dental and paramedical colleges to install biometric attendance devices on their campuses.From this academic year, students and teachers in the medical, dental and paramedical streams will record their attendance only through the biometric mode, TN Dr MGR Medical University vice-chancellor Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said.The university received complaints in March from senior examiners about attendance of some postgraduate nurses being fudged by certain private colleges. \"These students have a basic undergraduate degree that gets them a job in private hospitals,\" Dr Natarajan said. \"External examiners who interviewed the nursing students during their MSc examinations informed the university that they did not have basic knowledge about their course.\"University officials made discreet inquiries and found that many colleges were faking attendance records. \"We weren't able to prove it, but we can stop the tampering of attendance records,\" he said.The university, he said, also received complaints about teachers being on the rolls of more than one medical college simultaneously. Medical colleges mention names of professors to ensure they get approval from the Medical Council of India to run the institution. The council had in the past found that some doctors in the state were enrolled in two medical colleges at the same time. It examined the issue case by case and withdrew approval to some medical colleges.\"We will be able to monitor this as well,\" the vice-chancellor said.The standing academic board and the governing council of the university passed a resolution making it mandatory for the students to give thumb impressions in digitised attendance systems. Circulars have been sent to 30 undergraduate medical colleges, 26 dental colleges, 147 nursing colleges and other paramedical and allied institutes to inform them that the university will consider only biometric attendance as a valid from this academic year.\"Students will need at least 90% attendance per semester to be able to write their exams,\" said controller of examinations Dr Siva Sangeetha. \"No manual attendance will be considered valid.\"Only the Central Council for Indian Medicine had previously made it mandatory for colleges use biometric attendance devices.Private colleges said it could be difficult for them to instal the equipment before the academic year begins. \"It might take some time,\" the principal of a private medical college said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023997", "title": "House for plan to stop illegal mining", "text": "PORVORIM: Members of the Goa legislative assembly cutting across party lines on Tuesday suggested that the government should come out with a long-term plan to stop illegal mining in the state and to provide alternative employment to mining-dependent people.Taking part in a general discussion on the budget, Sanguem MLA Shubash Phal Desai said that legal mining is the backbone of the Goan economy and that there are around 20,000 trucks that depend on mining activities. \"The trucks dependent on mining should be reduced and phased out in the next 10 years and the truck owners must be provided with an alternative source of income,\" said Phal Desai.Stating that beach tourism is failing because of the drug menace, etc, Phal Desai said that the eco-tourism sector is the only alternative employment option. \"The government should develop eco-tourism in the mining belt as an alternative source of income so that mining-dependent people can switch over.\"He also said that 60% of the revenue generated from mining should be reverted to the mining areas for the development of agriculture and the environment which have been damaged due to mining. \"The government should provide jobs to those affected by mining and related sectors,\" said Phal Desai.Participating in the general discussion, Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho said that that the illegal extraction of iron ore should be stopped. Stating that mining, which will continue for the next five decades, has destroyed agriculture in the state, Godinho said, \"The government should start planning and discourage people from illegal mining.\"Explaining that mining activity has caused a sense of fear among the people of Bicholim, independent MLA from Bicholim Naresh Sawal said, \"Mining activities have developed cracks in Dabdobo village and in the houses of the people. Hence, they are scared to stay in those houses now.\" He added that the water which is pumped out from mining pits is one of the reasons for the flood in Bicholim city. Taking part in the discussion, Quepem Congress MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar requested the government to complete the Quepem bypass for mining activities for which land has already been acquired and work has been tendered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "15024733", "title": "Eleven-month-old sold for Rs 30,000", "text": "MEDAK: An incident of an 11-month-old baby boy being sold to a couple by a woman came to light on Tuesday in Sadasivapalli village of Koudipalli mandal of Medak district. Though no police case has been booked, Medak MP Vijayashanti slammed the district officials for the incident.According to sources, the infant was allegedly sold for Rs 30,000 to Kunyala Kanakamma and Venkataiah on the premises of the famous Medak church onJune 28. A local, Yashoda, was the mediator between Yesamma, the biological mother of the boy, and the couple, who hail from Velamakannu village. Yesamma, an agricultural labourer, is living with her parents in Sadasivapalli after she was left by her husband. Due to financial problems, she had agreed to sell her second son to the couple, sources said.The childless couple were also agriculture labourers. They had earlier applied for adoption in the Sishu Vihara Kendra run by the women and child welfare department. Sources said they bought the boy for Rs 30,000 by entering into an agreement with Yesamma that in case if she demands the boy back she has to pay them Rs 1,50,000.But later when Yesamma started pestering them for more money or return the boy, they approached the village elders of Sadasivapalli for a settlement. Yesamma refused to pay them back saying that Rs 10,000 was already spent by her. The couple, Yesamma and Yashoda belong to dalit community. Sources said sale of children is rampant in the tribal communities in the district.When the news spread, police launched an inquiry. \"It is true that the boy was sold, but no one is willing to come forward and file a case,\" SI Kiran Kumar said. Sources said the boy is still with the couple.Meanwhile, Vijayashanti spoke to the women and child welfare officials and asked them to take immediate steps to see that childless parents who want to adopt children legally are not harassed by the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023832", "title": "'Tatkal' booking still a nightmare", "text": "PATNA: The change in the timing of 'Tatkal' ticket bookings from 8am to 10am from passenger reservation system (PRS) counters across the country since July 10, has hardly brought any relief to 'Tatkal' ticket seekers.Harassed passengers told TOI getting 'Tatkal' tickets was still an uphill task for the common people, especially women. They have to remain in the queue since early morning for the purpose.\"The rush is so huge that most of the people, especially women, cannot get confirmed tickets under the 'Tatkal' scheme from Patna Junction. Only the first five people in the queue are usually fortunate to get confirmed berths. The chances are remote for the rest,\" one such ticket seeker Rita Singh said and added taking a wait-listed 'Tatkal' ticket was of no use.Vivek and Anand said the railways must allow genuine passengers registered with the IRCTC website to book 'Tatkal' tickets online between 10am and 12 noon. They will thus be spared unnecessary harassment.According to the aggrieved people, the railways should give a thought to making a little amendment to the 'Tatkal' booking rules. The 'Tatkal' tickets should be booked three days, instead of one day, ahead of the date of journey so that those denied confirmed berths could have options to plan their journey accordingly. Besides, touts would become less active as passengers would not approach them, they said.Meanwhile, the railways has banned travel agents from accessing the railways' website for online booking of the 'Tatkal' tickets from 10am to 12 noon every day. There are an estimated one lakh web service agents engaged in e-ticket booking in the country. At least 35% of the online booking of railway tickets is done by these master agents at the country level, sources said.One of the master agents said the demand for 'Tatkal' tickets from Patna has been on the rise these days especially for Delhi, Mumbai, Goa, Pune, Chennai and Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025052", "title": "Tired Congress cadre in no mood to cover lost ground", "text": "LUCKNOW: Apart from the age-difference, there is a digital divide that separates the Indian Youth Congress from the party's main wing. Though technology appears to be the mainstay of the ongoing membership drive for the youth wing of the Congress party - there's a state-of-the-art interactive website that gives details of the enrolment drive across India - the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee in the state appears nearly comatose, in comparison.The extent of disconnect is clear: though Pramod Tiwari, the senior party leader gave up the post of Congress Legislature Party leader nearly three months ago, he continues to feature on the party website in the same capacity. The new incumbent to the post, Pradeep Mathur, meanwhile, finds no mention on the site. In fact, the last update on the party's website appears to have been made on March 25, 2012.Tired after consecutive losses -- first in the assembly elections and then after its record failure during the municipal polls, the party functionaries appear in no mood to \"catch up\".A senior Congress leader said: \"The party has suffered a setback and the morale is at an all-time low. That is the reason why no one appears to have taken the trouble to update the website.'' That party general secretary Rahul Gandhi has failed to return to UP soil as he had promised, except once, when he visited his constituency, has also upset many within the party ranks.A party worker from Barabanki said, \"Despite the party's poor performance during the elections, we have, as a team worked very hard to campaign for Rahul Gandhi and the Congress party. However, the fact that he has failed to return to us, even to send out a message that all is not lost and that we should regroup for 2014, has left us disillusioned.'' tnnNow, the only hope for revival for the party remains with the numbers the youth wing is able to induct through its month-long enrolment drive. A senior party functionary said: The Congress party has traditionally been weak at the grass-roots level. With this enrolment drive, we expect to infuse fresh blood into the party ranks. In future, this consolidation at the grassroots will help the party's performance, especially, we hope, during the Lok Sabha elections.''Curiously, there's also heavy duty factionalism at work within the party ranks. Senior leaders are unhappy, not only with their leaders at the Centre but also with each other. The deep-rooted discontent, in fact, appears to be all set result in the loss of at least one old party loyalist who is rumoured to be ready to defect to the ruling party, ahead of the Lok Sabha elections. What one sees of the Congress party currently is a completely divided house, right from the top. Most senior leaders don't agree with each other on most issues; in fact, constructive politics is a thing of the past,'' a Lucknow-based Congress worker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024045", "title": "Miramar drowns thanks to choked drains", "text": "PANAJI: The torrential downpour on Monday caused water-logging in the St Mary's colony area in Miramar, Panaji.The road leading to Stella Maris Chapel was water-logged and people passing through the area had to walk through knee-high water. Some were seen gingerly navigating through the accumulated water with their vehicles.CCP councilor for the area Surendra Furtado attributed the water-logging to the blocked drain on Dayanand Bandodkar road. He said, \"Before the first Iffi, the existing drain was blocked when concrete was put on it (without cleaning the drain of mud) while widening of the DB road was carried out. The water cannot drain and is entering the St Mary's colony resulting in water logging.\"He said reopening the drain will now be possible only after the monsoons. Mayor Vaidehi Naik said debris from the high-rise constructions in the area may have entered some of the other drains in the area and blocked them. She said in some areas of Panaji, pavers have been put on drains by builders resulting in water entering the building area. Though pre-monsoon cleaning was carried out, plastic and thermocol were among the primary causes for blockage of drains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023338", "title": "'Stress plays big role in heart woes'", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Prafulla Kerkar, head of KEM Hospital's cardiology department who contributed to the worldwide study on risk factors for heart diseases, said it's time Indian families started educating their children about preventive measures. \"If a family has a history of heart disease, it is best to tell children about the importance of a healthy lifestyle, eating right and staying physically active.''The Indian Journal of Medical Research stated in November 2010: \"Among adults over 20 years of age, the estimated prevalence of coronary heart disease is around 3-4% in rural areas and 8-10% in urban areas, representing a two-fold rise in rural areas and a six-fold rise in urban areas between the years 1960 and 2000.''The reasons are not too difficult to find. Said heart surgeon Dr Ramakanta Panda, \"Earlier it was thought that the Indian gene is the main cause for the epidemic of heart diseases, but new research suggests that stress play a very big role.'' Urban Indians have high levels of stress and low levels of physical activity. \"Moreover, the Indian diet has drastically changed. All these are contributing to a higher incidence of heart disease among Indians,'' he added.The only silver lining is that with regular monitoring of cholesterol, blood sugar, hypertension and an annual stress test, people should be able to catch any discrepancy. \"This regular monitoring would ensure that in 80-90% of the cases, any heart problem is noticed at the earliest,\" said Dr Panda.There are some doctors who beg to differ. One senior doctor said heart problems are an enigma. \"Although we know so much more about heart disease than before, there is no way of pinpointing when who will get a coronary syndrome attack,'' he said. He, however, said that modern medicine has evolved so much that even a person with advanced disease could live comfortably for decades after undergoing an intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024490", "title": "Who is going to police the police?", "text": "HYDERABAD: On December 2, 1999 three top leaders of the Peoples' War Group (PWG) Nallam Adi Reddy, Santosh Reddy and Seelam Naresh were killed in an encounter in Koyyur forests in Karimnagar district. The police asserted that it was a 'genuine encounter' but the tales doing the rounds that time suggested that the trio - after months of tracking - had been nabbed from a hideout in Bangalore. They had then been transported by helicopter and bumped off in the Karimnagar forests. The stories also said that the original plan was to stage the encounter in Warangal but the district police refused to cooperate - so there was a change of venue.With the passage of time, the stories would have died, but in 2003, three senior cops - the then intelligence chief A Sivashankar, DIG of the special branch Sriram Tiwari and SP of Karimnagar district Nalin Prabhat were given awards by the GOI on the recommendation of the AP government for displaying gallantry in this very incident. An activist, K N Rao, moved a PIL in the AP high court which ruled (in 2010) that the Centre should examine the matter afresh as the claims of gallantry were not properly verified. After this, the state government wrote to the Centre offering to withdraw the gallantry recommendations but the former did not respond. This presumably was a result of lobbying by IPS officers. \"Whether it was a fake encounter or not, none of these officers was anywhere near the encounter spot,\" says a senior police official.But the police officers are a strong lobby and, therefore, the effort is always to put the lid on misdemeanors of colleagues. Little wonder that the recent NHRC ruling on a series of fake encounters in Kurnool and Guntur districts in which a particular officer, P S R Anjaneyulu, is in the dock has been received with nonchalance by the IPS lobby. \"There have been many encounters in the state. Why single out Anjaneyulu?\" asks a senior police officer.What he does not add that there is 'social sanction' from important sections of society for these extra judicial killings which is why errant police officials are able to get by. That is not surprising because Andhra Pradesh has been a feudal state with land redistribution only in name. The feudal elements with their resources and force have captured the political system and used the police force to perpetuate their interests. Liquidation of Maoist forces has been high on the agenda of the police because the Left ultras threaten to redistribute land. \"That's how the police force came to be conferred with extra powers in AP and along with it extraordinary amount of funds,\" a retired senior cop confides. As a result of determined force used by the police, the Maoists have scooted and migrated to a safe haven in Chhattisgarh leaving behind a police which unfortunately is still in the old mode.Periodically, the police force raises the ruse of the Maoists rising again to perpetuate their own position. By common consent, sections of the police force have now started acting in the private interests of politicians. Figuring out the network of Maoist also necessitated establishment of a super-efficient intelligence network. That's what happened in AP too, but if sources have to be believed, this intelligence network has been extensively used - in the past - to gather information on rivals of the political boss in power and run operations to neutralize them. \"The intelligence department has become extraordinarily powerful in AP to the extent that the intelligence chief vets all police transfers and appointments,\" a senior police official pointed out.Ever since land prices went up in Hyderabad around 2004 making real estate a prized asset, some police officials so inclined have started indulging themselves in land trade and settlements. \"Involvement of some cops in settling land disputes and grabbing cannot be discounted,\" senior police officials admit. The recent arrest of Sarveshwar Reddy, a deputy superintendent of police on the city's outskirts for having amassed assets far more than his known sources of income and having dealings with questionable characters is a good example of how power is exercised by cops. An inspector who was part of the 'team' of the DSP has also been arrested. Needless to add the DSP was mostly involved in land deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15024643", "title": "Man kills wife, drives with her in front seat for 3 hours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Chandigarh businessman strangulated his wife, put the dead body in the front seat of a car, fastened the seat belt, and drove for over three hours, covering a distance of over 100 kms, to dump the body in Hoshiarpur in Punjab.And to be doubly-sure that she was dead he and his lover poured petrol over her body and set it afire before throwing the body in a ditch alongside a highway. The police have arrested Vajinder Singh, who they said had an extramarital relationship with Renu and wanted to move his wife out of the way. Renu has also been arrested for allegedly being an accomplice to the crime.The body of Suresh Kumari alias Pooja has been recovered from a deserted forest area in Hoshiarpur district on Thursday. Vajinder is a manager with a franchise of Nik &amp; Bakers in Sector 35 and was having an affair with Renu for the past three years. Vajinder and Pooja were married for around six years.The murder took place on July 13 and the father-in-law of the deceased, Balwinder Pal, lodged a missing person complaint on the same day at the Sector 19 police station in Chandigarh.The needle of suspicion turned towards Vajinder when Prem Chand, brother of Pooja, reported to the police that Vajinder had an affair with another woman and he suspected that Vajinder killed his sister. Chandigarh SSP Nau Nihal Singh said after getting the complaint Vajinder was picked up for questioning and he broke down and confessed his crime.Vajinder Singh along with his paramour Renu allegedly murdered his wife after strangling her three times. Both of them first strangled her in Sector 9 and then put the body on the front seat of the car, holding it firmly with a seat belt. Then they drove with the body for more than 100km and dumped it after allegedly partially burning it in a deserted forest area of Hoshiarpur district in Punjab.Preliminary investigation revealed that Vajinder was demanding divorce from Pooja in order to marry Renu but the latter had declined to do so. It had resulted in more bitterness between the couple.SSP (UT) Naunihal Singh said after getting the complaint, Vajinder was picked up for questioning and he reportedly confessed to his crime. His paramour Renu is a resident of Hoshiarpur district and Pooja's partially burnt body was recovered following Renu giving information about its location, the SSP added.Police officials said, \"Vajinder had given Pooja an intoxicant in a soft drink in the moving car on July 13. He then called Renu and the two strangled her in Sector 9. They started driving towards Hoshiapur but found on their way that Pooja was still alive. She was strangulated two times more on the way. The body was later set on fire and dumped.\"Renu and Vajinder had worked together at a fast food chain in Jalandhar district three years ago, which is when their reported affair began. Renu is living in a paying guest accommodation in Sector 20, Chandigarh, though she hails from Hoshiarpur district.After dumping the body in Hoshiarpur district, Renu stayed in her house in Hoshiarpur. She is married but has a matrimonial dispute with her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15025520", "title": "She brought \u2018ghararas\u2019 to Ludhiana", "text": "In this town of good taste and high living, women score high on the trend-o-meter. Fashionistas, dance divas, art connoisseurs, bloggers or activists, the ladies don their hats with consummate ease. When it comes to their homes, they keep it both chic and regal. Whether it's designer cutlery they're picking or a Louis Vuitton they're packing, Ludhiana's women make both seem effortless. Every Wednesday, TOI traces these euphoric raconteur women as they share interesting tales...The tiny little board announcing 'Naurah' (flower in Arabic) welcomes city's shopaholics to this designer wear store. Tucked away in a Sarabha Nagar neighbourhood, this place is no less than a fascinating world of floristry.The banter inside the charming store is a cinch to transport the womenfolk back to the 1980's Doordarshan days.Geti Kidwai, the dynamic young owner of the boutique, is mobbed by the frenzied girls as she greets each with a wall of chatter and a display of unusual bridal wear. With apair of \"karan phool\" in her ears, she unwittingly reminds one of a diva news presenter from India's first public service broadcaster.\"Yes yes... we make 'ghararas' here. The one that royal women in Lucknow wear. The one that have 'zari' and 'zardosi' work. Royal blue, pink, purple... all for your princess. And yes, the iconic newsreader Salma Sultanji is my mother-in-law,\" she tells them, speaking breathlessly and with enormous liveliness in her voice.Geti, who moved to Ludhiana along with her husband Saad in 2007, is credited to have brought a breath of fresh air to designer circles of this fashionable city. Four years ago, she had set a new trend by using 'ghararas' with their short, mid-thigh length and a pair of wide-legged pants as the trousseau wear for Ludhiana's beautiful women. The outfit became an instant hit among the affluent and urbane women of the town. And, Geti developed her own fan following from a closed cohort of women looking up to her as their fashion icon, much like her mother-in-law.If one were to measure Sarabha Nagar outlet 'Naurah' on a style-o-meter, the results will please its owner Geti Kidwai no end. High on vintage and also on modern twists to outfits, the place is all about the 21st century woman's take on trousseau and bridal wear. And Geti, much like her mother-in-law Salma Sultan \u2014 a popular presenter on Doordarshan, has a style of her own.\"Style icons... bhai kuch aisa karo ki log kahe aapko dekha kya cheez hain aap bhi koi tareekhi cheez hain..,\" she grins, recollecting a couplet that Salma recited to her. Between 1967 and 1997, Salma Sultan had initiated a trend: of wearing a flower low in her hair and draping the border of her sari around her neck in a modern yet traditional way. It was later picked up by almost all the women newsreaders.All Geti's 'ghararas' are bespoke and come in different varieties. They are either made of Kimkhav, Jamavar or Banarasi tissues. The embroideries are done using a lot of kundan and jadaau.From graduating in sociology and fine arts in 1997, through post graduation in interior designing, her journey has been eventful.There are traces of effusive child-like prattling when she talks about her venturing into modelling and choreography that even drew mild ire of her father.\"Shauk bahut tha na har cheez mai kudne ka... papa kehte hai are bhai ab ruk bhi jao...\" she recollects and then breaks into peels of laughter again.\"He then asked me to step out of modelling and do something which involved... like getting into choreography. But here again, I will jump onto the stage and start moving my legs,\" she adds.Her zest to conquer everything took her to contesting Miss India pageant, ramp shows and even setting up a gourmet shop called Just Kebabs in south Delhi. \"Kakori... tikka... bharra... you could get all of that there... ab Lucknow se hai toh khaane ka shauq toh rakhenge,\" she quips.There is no economisation of smiles on her face. Every long sentence must ensure a belly laugh for she tells you hilarious incidents, some in Urdu and others in English - both impeccable.\"Ab yeh bhi nahi ki hum bilkul hoosh hai (not that I am an ill-mannered garrulous talker)... gappe lagane mai maza aata hai,\" she points out.When fulfilling her professional duties, she is punctilious and spick and span.\"I like dressing up girls, telling them how to comport at their or other's weddings, how to carry a clutch bag, eye contact...\" she goes on.Her kids \u2014 son Samar, 12 and daughter Mehar, 7 \u2014 have begun idealizing her. Samar has been focusing on his chess classes and Mehar has taken up choreography. \"Dangayee bachche nahi hai... I tell them shareef hona theek hai... but dumb mat hona... thoda mischievious toh hona chahiye,\" she laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025118", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to push Centre hard for coal linkages", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is all set to push the Centre to get coal linkages for some of the pending power projects including the ones that are proposed through the MoU route. The demand is likely to be made during his meeting with the deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia on Wednesday.On Tuesday, officials of the energy department made a presentation of the looming power crisis in Uttar Pradesh, often leading to law and order problem.The state government is also likely to seek an overall structuring of the power sector by pressing the Centre to facilitate loans for setting up of power plants. However in the wake of fuel crisis, the projects have been in doldrums with banks often refusing to grant loans.This will be second time that UP chief minister will be seeking Centre's assistance in solving the power crisis the state has been facing for the past many years.The crisis has only turn into a major blockade for the state that is looking to boost its industrial growth.Distribution losses, often touching a figure of 30%, too has been a cause of concern for an ailing power sector. The malady has only caused to accumulate revenue losses to the tune of over Rs 20,000 crore.This is despite repeated state government grants to the UP Power Corporation Limited to bail out the utility from an ever yawning gap between the energy supplied and revenue recovered.Official sources said that the state government is likely to promise the Centre of bringing down the distribution losses by at least 7%.The state government, as a matter of fact, has already decided to revise power tariff, essentially for the commercial establishments.The issue of coal linkages has been crucial for the state government given its projections to add another 5,000 Mw of power. UP as on date, generates around 4,200 Mw of power, while it gets another 4,000 Mw from the central pool. Another 1,500 Mw come through the co-generation companies. This is still insufficient to cater to the demand that has been touching a mark of around 12,000 Mw.The state government has largely been relying on the private sector to improve the generation capacity. Though, setting up of power plants through the MoU route came in handy, it did not made much headway in the absence of coal linkages. In fact, Akhilesh Yadav had been blaming the former BSP government of not doing enough to get the coal linkages for the power plants. As a result the over all exercise largely remained on papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15024043", "title": "Nashik swimmer bags bronze at national event", "text": "NASHIK: A teenager from Nashik has won a bronze medal in a national swimming event.Prasad Khairnar, who was the member of Maharashtra's 4X100 freestyle relay team, has helped his team win a bronze medal in the 39th All India Junior Aquatic Tournaments that took place at Chennai. This is the 14th national medal for this 17-year-old commerce student in the five years of his swimming career.Struck by paralysis in childhood, Prasad has endured a long physical struggle. Doctors have advised him 2-3 hours of swimming every day. \"His efforts are paying off. The national medals are an icing on the cake ,\" said his father Avinash Khairnar, a former national volleyball player. \" I learnt swimming for Prasad and I daily plunge in the water along with him.\"The other city swimmers Manik Chaturmutha and Namita Madgundi missed a bronzes by a whisker in 1500m freestyle and 800m respectively while the fourth local gal Pragati Bachhav impressed but did not claim any place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024213", "title": "Private firms to be given Bypass ad rights", "text": "KOLKATA: Waking up to the commercial potential of the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass, the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) now wants to hand over advertising rights on certain stretches of the corridor to private agencies through competitive bidding.The authorities have installed electronic traffic signals at eight major intersections on the Bypass - those with Narkeldanga Main Road, Chingrighata, Beliaghata Main Road, Mathpukur, VIP Bazaar, Manicktala Main Road and the Salt Lake slip road and the Gobinda Kathik Road-Park Circus connector junction. They feel these traffic installations can be utilized for putting up advertisements.The KMDA authorities have realized that the Bypass, along with its three major connecting corridors - Park Circus, Rashbehari Avenue and Prince Anwar Shah Road - is attracting massive development with residential and commercial buildings, educational institutions, malls and entertainment centres cropping up at a rapid pace. They now want to cash in on this potential.There are four elevated grade separators on the 15-km-long Bypass that stretches from Garia to Ultadanga. These are the Baghajatin railway overbridge, the Ambedkar bridge, the Chingrighata flyover and the Ultadanga flyover. The authorities want to utilise the majority of the 116 piers below the four elevated stretches for advertisement display.Besides, there are 182 lamp posts installed on the four elevated stretches on which backlit kiosks can be fitted for advertising. There is also scope for setting up two sets of gantries at each entry point of the Baghajatin overbridge and the Ambedkar bridge on which advertisements as well as directional signboards can be put up.On the Prince Anwar Shah Road connector, there are 69 twin-arm streetlight poles between the Bypass intersection and Sapuipara. These can also be utilized for advertisements.However, KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj clarified that \"the advertisements will only be displayed on the flyovers and overbridges, as the Bypass is being developed into a green corridor\". Existing billboards along the Bypass have already come under the scanner. A committee formed by the state government is working on the beautification of the crucial corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15023845", "title": "Tobacco Act: Implementation lost in smoke", "text": "MARGAO: Nine years after the law came into being, South Goa's authorities held a workshop on Tuesday at Ravindra Bhavan to take stock of its implementation.To the \"disappointment\" of district collector N D Agarwal, who convened the workshop, the implementation of the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003, has been restricted to paper.By the end of the session, enforcement agencies-police, FDA , mamlatdars, BDOs, health officers -and educational institutes were told to get their act together on the Act. \"In my family, if my son is found smoking, will I wait for my grandfather or someone else to come and correct him?\" Agarwal asked the attendees. He had noted that the agencies had only listed out their department-wise constraints.Urging all present to come up with plans to immediately enforce the Act, Agarwal, also the chairperson of the district task force, stressed the need to create awareness about the same.Section 6 of the Act bans the sale of tobacco and tobacco products within 100 yards of educational institutions and to minors.In his key note address at the workshop, Dr Ravinder Kumar, technical officer (tobacco control), The Union South East Asia Office, New Delhi, gave examples of how the Act has been successfully implemented in 15 cities across the country.\"Under provisions of the Act, no person can sell, offer for sale, or permit the sale of cigarettes or any other tobacco products to any person under 18 years, and in an area within a radius of 100 yards of any educational institution,\" said Kumar.He expressed hope that the district would be \"smoke free\" by December 19-Goa's liberation day. And promised all gathered to help arrange for funds for a scientific survey to gauge the results of the tobacco control programme in the district. He stressed the latter would be possible only if enforcement agencies start implementing the Act right away.At the end of the workshop Agarwal said that if necessary public announcements in newspapers would be made to create awareness about the Act.He further pointed out that the fine for violations may be increased to 200, in addition to seizure of goods and revoking of licences.The district collector advised educational institutes to contact the police or the mamlatdars if they wanted any action taken against anyone found selling tobacco products within 100 yards of their institutions.The institutions and government offices have also been asked to put up proper signages banning the sale of tobacco and the prohibition on smoking in public places.The signboards should carry the telephone numbers of the enforcement agencies concerned to whom the public can complain.Salcete BDO Uday Prabhudesai asked that similar workshops be conducted for panchayat secretaries as well.Roland Martins of Goa Civic and Consumer Action Network, who was the moderator of the group discussion, appealed to authorities to sensitize Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan about the Act as well. The Abhiyan is actively involved in Goa's education set-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15026580", "title": "Workshop to formulate state agricultural policy on Saturday", "text": "THRISSUR: The high level committee constituted by government of Kerala to formulate state agricultural policy will hold a workshop on policy issues on Saturday at the Kerala Agricultural University (KAU), Vellanikkara near Thrissur.The committee, in its last meeting held in Thiruvananthapuram on July 5, had suggested organising such a workshop to take stock of the realities, perceptions and priorities in the agriculture sector as a prelude to the formulation of state policy.Dr PV Balachandran, Director of Extension, KAU said the topics to be presented and discussed at the workshop pertain to all relevant aspects of agriculture. There will be presentations on different issues like scope of food security, agricultural education and research, production and distribution of bio-fertilizers and bio-agents, use of pesticide and organic farming, pricing and market intelligence, soil health and strategies, integrated farming, value addition and agripreunership development, climate change , effective technology transfer, etc., he explained.The members of the committee are Chief-Agriculture in State Planning Board Dr P Rajasekharan, Director of Agriculture, R Ajithkumar, Deputy Director (Planning), Department of Agriculture, AK Madhavachandran, progressive farmer and former MLA K Krishnankutty, former director of agriculture R Heli, Professor at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University and proponent of protected cultivation Dr Vadivel and Director of Extension, KAU Dr PV Balachandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025525", "title": "78% rainfall deficiency in Pune so far", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing dry spell will continue to be a cause of serious concern for the citizens as the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast no major improvement in the situation till Friday.There is hope though, as the axis of the monsoon trough, which currently lies in the north of the country, is expected to move southwards, to come closer to its normal position by July 21 or 22. This will bring rains to parts of central India, which includes Pune, said IMD officials.\"Our weather prediction models have indicated such a southward movement, which augurs well in terms of an increase in rainfall activity in central India,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole told TOI on Tuesday.Pune city has recorded only 52.2 mm rains since the beginning of the season on June 1 till July 17 as against the normal of 237.8 mm for this period. This is 185.6 mm less than normal and works out to a 78% deficiency for the season so far. Only 22% of the normal rain has been realised till date. The rainfall deficiency for Maharashtra is 19% while the same for the country is 22% for the season till date.Central India is one of the IMD's four geographical regions, covering 10 meteorological sub-divisions across Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Orissa. Of these, four sub-divisions are: Konkan and Goa; Vidarbha; Marathwada and central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre.The Konkan and Goa and Vidarbha sub-divisions have reported normal rains while central Maharashtra and Marathwada continue to reel under the effects of 41% and 31% rainfall deficiency.\"For now, the axis of monsoon trough lies close to the foothills of the Himalayas. This is north of the monsoon trough's normal position, which runs across the Indo-Gangetic belt, from Ganganagar in west Rajasthan to Allahabad, Kolkata and north Bay of Bengal,\" said Khole.\"The monsoon trough will remain at its present location for the next two days and expected to shift, thereafter, in the southward direction to come closer to its normal position. The more it keeps moving southwards, more it will bring rains to parts of the central India,\" she said.\"A cyclonic circulation in the north Bay of Bengal is also expected to develop around July 21 or 22, which will prove beneficial for the central India region in terms of rains,\" she said.Khole said, \"Under the influence of the monsoon trough's present location, we expect more rains in the north and northeastern states including Bihar , Jharkhand , West Bengal and entire northeast.\"\"Similarly, the northern parts of the west coast including Konkan and Goa, coastal Karnataka and north Kerala will receive more rains due to the presence of an offshore trough that stretches from Konkan and Goa to Kerala,\" she said.Period between June 1 and July 17 (all figures in mm)Actual rainsNormal %departure* Konkan and Goa: 1148.2 1312.0 -12%* Central Maharashtra: 162.1 275.7 -41%* Marathwada: 161.9 233.8 -31%* Vidarbha: 272.5 337.4 -19%Total: 1744.7 2158.9 -19%(Source: Sub-divisional cummulative rainfall, IMD website)QuoteA cyclonic circulation in the north Bay of Bengal is also expected to develop around July 21 or 22, which will prove beneficial for the central India region in terms of rains.Medha Khole I IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023831", "title": "Mamata's support for Pranab derails CPM bid to exploit UPA rift", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee announced her support for UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , arch-rival CPM lost an opportunity to exploit the rift in the ruling UPA alliance at the Centre.The CPM had earlier said it would not be seen on the same page with Banerjee. After a dramatic change of her stance, CPM justified its decision saying the Bengal factor compelled her to do a U-turn. \"We have been consistent in our approach. Since 1992, we have supported the Congress-sponsored candidate, never the BJP's candidate,\" said a CPM leader.CPM leaders said Banerjee reluctantly took the decision to support Mukherjee in order to keep her flock together and avert cross-voting. \"She was hard pressed to save her party, but she could not save her face. Even though her heart is with the BJP, she can't be physically seen with them because of electoral compulsions,\" said CPM central committee member Mohammed Salim.Former CPM youth leader Prasenjit Bose, who was expelled recently for publicly speaking against the party line on support to Mukherjee said, \"Now, the UPA remains intact, but the Left unity is broken.\"He appealed to the CPM polit bureau to \"reverse its decision to extend support to Mukherjee\", and unite with other Left parties to abstain in the July 19 presidential elections.Earlier, in an interview to TOI, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat had said, \"Trinamool has been opposing the UPA candidate. We have taken a stand, but they (Trinamool) have not.\"Pointing to Banerjee's flip-flop, a senior CPM leader on Tuesday said, \"She must explain her changing positions to the people. Political adversaries can be on the same side on various issues. Mamata Banerjee's political naivete and ideological bankruptcy have been exposed. Nobody can take her seriously now.\"CPM leaders pointed out Banerjee's high drama and bitterness over her seemingly unrelenting stand against Mukherjee. The candidate she had proposed \u2014 former president A P J Abdul \u2014 refused to run for presidency.\"It's not the act, but what happened in between has exposed her. Hope she sticks to her decision to support Mukherjee till July 19,\" said the CPM leader.Banerjee announced her support for Mukherjee when it was irrelevant. Congress had already garnered the numbers for Mukherjee and built a consensus. \"Unlike Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, she lost her bargaining power to get benefits for Bengal,\" said a leader.CPI, who has chosen to abstain from voting in the presidential elections, was not surprised by Banerjee's decision. CPI leader A B Bardhan said, \"I had expected it. She has proved she is true to the UPA salt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15024973", "title": "Sexual abuse in shelter home: CBI interacts with SIT members, checks report", "text": "ROHTAK: CBI senior officials held a lengthy discussion with the Haryana SIT members on Tuesday, in the sexual abuse of minor girls the Rohtak shelter home. They checked the SIT investigation report.The CBI team comprising joint director Anil Palta and DIG Mahesh Aggrawal also summoned and quizzed some local administrative officials, including the child development and project officer. Sources said more officials are likely to be quizzed by the CBI sleuths.In a brief interaction with mediapersons, CBI joint director Anil Palta said their investigation was in the preliminary stage and they were collecting evidence and records. \"We have discussed the entire case with the SIT. We will conduct a fair inquiry and conclude with our investigations soon,\" he said.When asked whether the CBI would seek production warrants of the accused, the joint director said they would take all necessary steps required for the investigation. The team also visited the infamous shelter home.The initial raids at the shelter home had revealed the mistreatment to inmates by owner Jaswanti Devi and her accomplices. The inmates were sexually abused and even forced to work as farm and construction labourers.Subsequent inquiries by SIT and the probe report of the high court-appointed panel found how Jaswanti exploited the girls. A retired sub-inspector who was appointed as the investigating officer, Bhim Singh Ranga, had been locked up for his alleged involvement in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15024409", "title": "Fight for yourself, says self-help author", "text": "Self-help guru Raksha Bharadia has some advice for women - learn to throw a mean kick or a knock-out punch. The co-author of 'Chicken Soup for the Indian Soul' series feels self-defence is the best way by which a woman can ensure her safety. In order to create more awareness among young girls, schools and institutes should teach students how to defend one self, says Raksha.Though shocked at the recent spurt in crimes against women, Kolkata-born Raksha feels 'the city looks the same'. \"It's just that there is more traffic, people are busier and have less time compared to earlier.\" She may beTOI caught up with her on Tuesday at an interaction of the Ladies Study Group. Excerpts from the interview.Q. You are an author, a blogger and a poet. If you have to choose one among these, which one would it be?A. It has to be writing. I just love writing. In fact, at the moment, my complete focus is on writing. So blogging and poetry have taken a backseat for the time being.Q. You started off as an author of self help books and then penned your first novel 'All and Nothing'. How did this transition from non-fictionto fiction happen?A. There's My switch has an interesting anecdote behind it. I had gone to a club in Kolkata where I met a woman named Tina. She spoke to me about how unhappy she was in with her marriage. Sometime later when I was speaking to her husband, he told me he was extremely content with his married life. This got me thinking. I was surprised at how two people in the same relationship could have two completely different views. This led me to write got me thinking and ultimately grew to be my first novel.Having tried your hands at both,Q. Which one do you think is more difficult, fiction or non-fiction?A. It definitely has to be fiction. I have always been fascinated by the genre but at the same time I find fiction writing to be the most difficult thing.Q. Do you think urban India has an emotional need for self help books?A. India is on a self-help rage. Earlier we lived in joint families. But since that concept is eventually wearing away from the society, people don't have too many people to talk toand share. So they are turning to books.Q. Self help books are read by even those who do not read books. What kind of a challenge is it to write for such a target group?A. When I write I don't think about the target group. It is about what has moved me. The most important thing is to convey my core message and make sure that the reader understands it.Q. Stephen Covey , author of Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, passed away today. What is your reaction?A. I have grown up reading his books so the news is obviously disheartening. But he will be alive for us through his writings.Q. What is the next book that you are working on?A. My next book, to be out in September, is a compilation of interviews of women from different walks of life. They speak about what hurdles they faced to be what they are today. The book will be out in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15025601", "title": "More poor youth to be enrolled for technical training", "text": "TRICHY: The state government will provide technical training to more urban poor youth under the Golden Jubilee Urban Employment Scheme, KP Munusamy, the minister for municipal administration and rural development assured on Tuesday.As part of his routine inspection of development works in the state, the minister visited Trichy to look over the work in progress under the Tamil Nadu Integrated Rural Development Scheme 2011-12. He also held a review meeting about development works in 19 municipal administrations and 64 town panchayats in Tiruchirappalli, Thanjavur, Tiruvarur, Nagappatinam, Pudukkottai, Perambalur and Ariyalur districts. During his visit to the Welding Research Institute (WRI) at Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), Trichy, Munusamy met students who were undergoing welding training under the Tamil Nadu Golden Jubilee Urban Employment Scheme. The scheme was aimed at improving the status of Below Poverty Line (BPL) youth hailing from urban areas. As many as 39 students from municipalities of the seven districts were undertaking the six-month course. He also told the general manager (incharge) R Kumar that the state government would select more students to undergo training under this scheme.Earlier, Munusamy inspected the construction of a community hall and 36 residences for sanitary workers in Poosari Street in Srirangam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025492", "title": "'Stop action against encroachments'", "text": "PUNE: Leaders of all parties in Pimpri-Chinchwad have asked the municipal corporation to seek directives from the state government on its ongoing anti-encroachment drive. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar willl also hold a meeting on the issue with all party leaders next week.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"Around 25 corporators, including mayor Mohini Lande and Shiv Sena leader Shrirang Barne, met me today (Tuesday) and demanded that the ongoing anti-encroachment drive of the civic body be stopped. They sought time to hold consultations with senior leaders like chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. We welcome the consultative process to seek a solution for the problem of unauthorised constructions.\"He added, \"We will wait for a week for the meeting to take place. The meeting with Pawar and the three MLAs from the township will be held next week in Pune.\"Pardeshi said, \"The high court has given directives to act against unauthorised constructions. The state government has amended the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC)Act, 1949, under which civic officials can face three years' imprisonment and a fine of Rs 30,000 for not taking action against unauthorised constructions. As a result, the administration has to take action against unauthorised constructions.We have taken action only against ongoing illegal constructions that have come up after March 31 this year. We will explain this administrative position at the meeting.\"\"We cannot say whether the drive will be suspended. We will utilise the time to prepare ourselves for the drive,\" he said.Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande said, \"The civic administration was going to conduct the drive in Dighi, Chikhli, and Talawade from Tuesday. This had created panic among citizens in these areas. As a result, an all-party delegation of corporators met the municipal commissioner demanding that the drive be stopped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15026229", "title": "Two caught receiving weapons", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people were arrested by crime branch sleuths when they were receiving arms and ammunitions from their associates , police said.Associates of Vikas Lagarpuria \u2014 noted criminal wanted in several cases of extortion, robbery and murder in Delhi and Haryana, the accused were arrested from sector-1 , Dwarka. Both of them have been involved in several cases of murder , attempt to murder and Arms Act in Delhi and Haryana, a cop said, adding three pistols, seven live cartridges and a motorcycle have been seized from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025522", "title": "Wells, bore wells for citizens' use", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will take over all the wells and bore wells in the city and open them for citizens' use from Wednesday to tide over the water shortage.\"The civic body will issue orders on Wednesday to keep all the wells and bore wells including private and commercial wells, open for public,\" municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak told TOI.The PMC has taken various steps to deal with water shortage and has implemented 20% water cuts in the city. The civic administration has also kept the option of an alternate day water supply open.The civic body plans to utilize 399 wells and 4,820 bore wells in the city. According to the Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA) 155 dug wells and 1,575 bore wells in the city have potable drinking water.V G Kulkarni, head of the water supply department said that the officials of the department will visit the sites where the wells have been dug up.\"Once the bore wells and dug wells are taken over by the civic body, they will be monitored by the authorities, to ensure proper use by people. The officials will do site visits and check if the wells have been thrown open to public or not. If owners prevent people from using the wells, necessary action will be taken against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15025034", "title": "Chess instills a sense of discipline: Vinod Kumar", "text": "COIMBATORE: Playing chess regularly helps in making one patient, improves concentration and instills a sense of discipline, says M Vinod Kumar, a chess champion in several national and international tournaments.In town as part of the resource team training school teachers on chess, Kumar says he enjoys teaching chess. \"Learning chess will help the children improve academically and in behaviour,\" he added.The two-day workshop was organised by the education department on Monday and Tuesday. Training programmes for school teachers were conducted in a few schools in the district. Physical education teachers from all government and aided schools were invited for the 2-day training. Where there were no physical education teachers, an interested teacher was asked to participate.As per the government plan, schools have been asked to form chess clubs for 7-year-old to 17-year-old. CR Anandalakshmi, the district inspector of physical education said elaborate procedures have been followed by the education department in training teachers in the game. Selected teachers were earlier given training in Chennai. They were also part of the training programme for teachers in the schools across the district.But can a two-day training programme help to learn a complex game like chess? N Chezhian, a teacher at the Government Higher Secondary School in Vellallore said they were taught from the basics. The education department has also given manuals to follow. \"Learning chess is not as hard it is thought by some. We have been able to teach from simple to complex rules with the help of manuals,\" he said. Students will be trained during the periods for physical education, and later in the evenings for those who are interested, he added.Teachers said that they would start chess clubs in schools. K Umamaheswari, a physical education teacher of the Government Higher Secondary School in Ganapathi said learning chess was an interesting experience and she hopes that the children will enjoy it as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15023207", "title": "Court reopens school's doors to rape victim", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Tuesday directed a state government school in Bangalore to permit a 13-year-old girl who was allegedly raped to continue her studies in the eighth standard.Justice Ram Mohan Reddy passed the interim order after hearing a petition by the girl and her mother. The judge directed the school headmaster to appear in court on Wednesday.The mother said the school authorities, under pressure from parents of other children, had refused to allow her daughter to continue in the school. She alleged the authorities had forced her to sign some documents, issued the transfer certificate of her daughter, and advised her not to send the girl to any school.The petitioners claimed Shakeel, who was working with the victim's father in a workshop, allegedly raped the girl in September 2011. The incident went unnoticed for a long time.\"She complained about stomach pain frequently and local doctors didn't treat her properly. She was taken to KC General Hospital on complaints of severe stomach pain. She gave birth to a baby boy on April 12,\" the petition stated. After the girl told her parents about Shakeel threatening her against revealing the truth, her father lodged a police complaint. Police arrested the accused on April 14 and booked a case under Section 376 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15025738", "title": "Rains desert Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly halfway through monsoon, Gujarat is running a rain shortfall of 59% with Saurashtra and Kutch being the worst hit with 72% deficiency as on July 17.The state has received only 99mm of the expected 242mm average seasonal rain until now. Districts of north, south and central Gujarat - described as the Gujarat region by Indian Meteorology Department ( IMD) - is 50% deficient. It has received 158 mm of the average 314 mm rain. Saurashtra and Kutch are virtually dry, having got only 53 mm of the 189 mm average rain expected.Weather officials conceded that the situation is bad. If the skies do not open up soon, the fortunes could take a turn for the worse. \"Monsoon is definitely bad. However, we are not worse enough to declare a drought. It is not yet time to lose hope as some more rain is expected early next week,\" weather officials said.On Monday, moderate but widespread rain came as a breather - the region recorded 10 mm rainfall against the expected 13 mm during the day.The otherwise arid Sabarkantha was the biggest beneficiary with the highest 80 mm rain being recorded in Modasa in the past 24 hours. Mehsana and Vadodara districts also received rain. Ahmedabad city and district remained almost dry with a 0.6 mm rain. The weather department officials hope that the state may get rain next week. \"There is a probability of rain next week,\" said weather officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023867", "title": "Fish too costly for Goans, govt should make it affordable: Cabral", "text": "PORVORIM: BJP's Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral on Tuesday highlighted the issue of the high cost of fish, saying that the government should think of making it affordable to Goans, for most of whom it is a staple diet. He wasn't the only one. His fellow BJP legislator from Tivim, Kiran Kandolkar, also supported the Curchorem MLA in demanding 'some' arrangement to provide fish at a reasonable rate to the Goan public.Cabral also took on the government's 'zero tolerance to corruption' stance, suggesting that the government should be pro-active in curbing it. While appreciating chief minister Manohar Parrikar's announcement to tackle corruption, Cabral said steps must be taken to ensure that corrupt officials are made to give up their old bad habits.He said mere announcements of 'zero tolerance to corruption' doesn't help much unless action is taken against the corrupt. He also felt that the government should not wait to receive complaints against corrupt officials. Suo moto cognizance should be taken and various agencies like the vigilance department, ACB and police should be directed to act promptly, he demanded.Stating that the corruption was high in the last Congress regime, Cabral said that if no concrete steps are taken on priority, then people will feel there is not much of a difference between the two regimes. He said the chief minister is serious in dealing with corruption but it is important that the government should be seen as effective in tackling corruption. In the government administration, he said, it appears that the message of zero tolerance to corruption doesn't seem to have reached the ground level.Participating in the general discussion on budget 2012-13, he called for change in the policy of waiting to receive complaints to act against the corrupt. \"Necessary steps should be taken without waiting for complaints,\" he said, adding that otherwise, wrong signals will go out. Elaborating, Cabral said that it is necessary to take action against PWD contractors who have not completed works awarded to them by the last government.Referring to the chief minister's assurance of delivery in the administration, the BJP legislator said that the common man is still making several trips to government offices to get their work done. He said there should be proper training for LDCs and other dealing hands, instructing them that when people come with applications, they need to be told right there about the documents required, if any. \"Let the common man be spared from making unnecessary trips to government offices,\" he said.On agriculture, Cabral said that the government should consider taking over fields lying fallow on revenue-sharing basis. He also suggested that as the present generation of kids have no knowledge of farming, knowledge of agriculture and horticulture besides field trips should be included as part of school studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15023835", "title": "UDF all set to raise pension age from 55 to 60 years", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF government is all set to increase pension age of government employees from 55 to 60 years.On Tuesday CM Oommen Chandy told the assembly that the government has been spending 75% of its revenue on paying salaries, pensions and interest. \"This would soon go up to 100%. Pensioners have now overtaken employees. We cannot go on like this,'' said Chandy.The government is also planning to introduce contributory pension scheme for those who join the service. \"Status quo will be maintained for the existing staff. The government has not taken any decision on contributory pension scheme. A final decision will be taken only after discussions with all service and youth organizations,'' said Chandy.While presenting the issue in the assembly CPM MLA P Sreeramakrishnan said the government was playing with the future of the unemployed youth. He warned of severe agitation if the UDF went ahead with the decision to enhance pension age. Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, too, warned the UDF of severe consequences. \"The contributory pension scheme is nothing but an effort to squeeze employees of their income. This is unacceptable,'' said Achuthanandan.Finance minister K M Mani, while replying to the debate on the finance bill, mocked the CPM for its double standards. \"West Bengal has retirement age at 60. Tripura has pegged it at 58 years. How can the CPM oppose it in Kerala?'' asked Mani.Earlier in the day opposition walked out of the house protesting against the government's move to enhance the retirement age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028687", "title": "Why the week before vacations seems longer", "text": "Consumer decision-making is affected by the relationship between time and spatial distance, a new study has claimed .The authors of the study asked consumers to imagine visiting a post office today and a bookstore in three months.Some were told that the distance between the post office and the bookstore was long, while others were told it was short. When the distance was long, consumers perceived the same three month period to be longer.Similarly, consumers who imagined moving far away when they retire felt their retirement was farther away in time than those who imagined moving near their current location.\"We often think about time in various contexts. But we do not realize how susceptible our judgment of time is to seemingly irrelevant factors like spatial distance,\" B. Kyu Kim from the University of Southern California , Gal Zauberman from Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania , and James R. Bettman from Duke University wrote.These perceptions can affect how patient we are when making choices because instant gratification is more attractive, consumers often impatiently opt for inferior but instantly available options over superior choices that require waiting.\"It is hard to realize that our impatient behaviour can be influenced by spatial distances. So pay attention when making a decision. Spatial distances can change your perception of future time and make you impatient,\" the added.The study has been published in the Journal of Consumer Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023240", "title": "Collegian drowns in Vihar lake", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old youth drowned on Sunday in Vihar lake, where 13 such mishaps have taken place this year. Nitin Bhandge's body was recovered the next day.Final year commerce student Nitin Bhandge (20) was the 14th who was drowned in Vihar Lake situated inside the Bhandup Complex on Sunday. Nitin's body was resurfaced the next day in the afternoon.The incident occurred around 3pm when the final-year commerce student from Bhandup, with three friends, went for a swim in the lake inside Bhandup Complex. After diving in, when he did not resurface, his friends started looking for him; in the evening, they lodged a complaint with the Mulund police.Nitin's death has shattered his family, who lost their elder son last year. \"If I break down, it will devastate my wife and youngest son,\" Nitin's father Raghunath told TOI. on Tuesday. The family was not aware that Nitin had gone for a swim; they thought he had gone to his friends' home to study. \"It has been For the last 24 years I and my wife had faced the real pain in our life. The first blow was when we lost our elder son, Amol (24), who was a Thalassaemia patient, on May 27, 2011. For his treatment, I got assistance from several people like Shiv Sena activist Sunil Raut who helped us set up a vada-pav stall so that we could foot his medical bills. After his death, we pinned out hope on our second son,\" said Raghunath, adding that Nitin was a brilliant student as well as a courteous boy.\"My wife has gone into shock,\" he said. I have decided to take her to our hometown so that she will not be able to take any extreme step after I leave for work and my son goes to college,\" he said.According to the police, the deceased and his three friends jumped into the water to swim when the incident occurred. Nitin's friend searched for him but was unable to track him in the water. Finally they informed the police and called the fire officials. Search operations were carried out but the officials were unable to find the body on Sunday. The next day the body resurfaced.Mulund police have started fining the trespassers those enters the lake premises without permission. Those found guilty of entering the lake premises are detained and their parents are being called and are asked to stand as a guarantor to release their ward before paying the fine.Senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav said despite warnings, people enter the lake. \"On Sunday, the BMC caught 24 people there,\" he said. They were handed over to the police and were let go after they paid fines,\" said Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025557", "title": "CISF guard \u2018thrashes\u2019 commuter", "text": "GURGAON: A 24-year-old employee of Medanta Medicity hospital in Gurgaon was allegedly thrashed by five CISF security personnel at the HUDA City metro station on Tuesday night. According to the victim, one of the constables punched him severely only because he jumped the queue as he was in a hurry.\"It was around 7 pm when I reached the Metro station and since I was in a hurry, I did not stand in the queue. The CISF constable Sarvesh who was frisking the passengers asked me go back and stand in the queue. When I tried to explain him my emergency, he slapped me hard and ordered me to go back. I followed his instruction and went and stood in the line. When my turn came, I politely asked him why he slapped me so hard, upon which he got infuriated and dragged me under the staircase and began thrashing me. At this point, four of his colleagues joined him and kept kicking and punching me till the time other commuters intervened,\" said Mohammed Meharban Ali, who works as an Arabic translator at the hospital.\"It was my fellow commuters who saved me. After that, some senior officials and cops took me to the police station located at the next metro station (Iffco Chowk). But instead of registering a case against the CISF constables, they asked me to compromise and settle the matter. Some commuters who witnessed my thrashing also came with me to the police station. But I had no other option but to settle for a compromise due to the pressure created by the cops,\" said Ali who lives in Shaheen Bagh in Delhi.Confirming that the incident took place, a lady constable at the police station said that the police did not register a case as both the parties reached a compromise. \"There were no physical injuries, they only had an argument,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024052", "title": "Youth Cong for ban on Ram Sena", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Youth Congress has demanded that the government ban the Shri Ram Sena before its proposed entry in the state.Youth Congress president Pratima Coutinho told mediapersons, \"The Youth Congress is firm that the Ram Sena has no place in Goa which is a state of communal harmony and peace.\"She urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to officially ban the Shri Ram Sena like then home minster Ravi Naik had in 2009. \"We should not allow such a brute force to come to Goa,\" she said.Narrating a list of violent incidents carried out by the Shri Ram Sena in other parts of the country, she accused the BJP-led government of promoting communal entities by not taking a stand against them.She said the state doesn't need moral policing from the likes of Muthalik. \"Who is Muthalik to tell us Goans how to dress and what to wear?\" questioned Coutinho. She felt that Goans shared a liberal culture which would be under threat from the Shri Ram Sena.She feared the entry of the organization in the state may lead to Guwahati-type incidents (against women). The Ram Sena entry may also destroy tourism in the state by creating fear, she added.Coutinho further termed Muthalik's antics under the guise of Lord Ram's army as cheap publicity stunts. \"Lord Ram did sacrificing deeds,\" she said while contrasting the Muthalik group's violent behaviour against women.Varad Mardolkar of the YC implied that the Ram Sena could turn into a \"Hindu Taliban \" if not tackled soon.Calling for a ban another YC member Gauri Shirodkar said \"prevention is better than cure\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15025172", "title": "Stations in a mess, railway cops to set up help desks", "text": "CHENNAI: Government railway police (GRP) will soon be guiding passengers through crowded railway stations in the state.Passengers who walk into Central, Egmore and other railway stations in the state will be able to find arrival and departure information, coach details and other information from railway police officials at mobile kiosks.As giant display boards at railway stations have stopped working and audio quality of announcements is poor, passengers often approach police officers for arrival and departure information of trains at the Chennai Central station. The situation is similar at other major railway stations in the state.So, GRP with Vodafone plan to set up mobile kiosks which will be used by police officers at 10 railway stations across the state. In Chennai, the kiosks will be set up during this week.\"The kiosks can be set up anywhere on railway platforms. It will function like a help desk,\" said a senior official of the GRP.Such kiosks will be introduced at Central and Egmore stations in Chennai, Coimbatore, Kanyakumari, Rameswaram, Salem, Madurai and Trichy. GRP will also hand out pamphlets to passengers to create awareness about crimes on trains.\"We will be distributing pamphlets to create awareness among passengers about chain snatching, luggage theft. The kiosks will also come in handy when special awareness drives are conducted. As the kiosks can be set up on railway platforms, police officials can handout pamphlets to passengers before they board trains,\" said the GRP official.Display boards at Chennai Central have not been functioning for the last three months. Though, the display boards installed in the new portion of the station started working recently, the large boards in the heritage building's concourse area work erratically.\"The boards in front of platforms four and five were not working when I travelled last week. It is very difficult to find train information from the smaller boards at the station. The audio announcement too is poor and hardly audible in the crowded railway station,\" said P Ashok Kumar, a frequent traveller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15025220", "title": "Pay property tax at 146 branches of 3 banks from today", "text": "CHENNAI: Now, you can pay your property tax at 146 branches of three banks across the city. The Chennai Corporation has made arrangemants for payment of property tax at selected branches of Indian Overseas Bank, City Union Bank and Karur Vysya Bank beginning from Wednesday.The civic body planned to launch the facility from June 15, but was delayed due to technical snags. Corporation officials said that they are planning to extend this facility to other banks.A senior corporation official said: \"There are some technical issues with the banks on the payment of taxes. We have been working for the integration of database with the banks. However, the facility will be started with three banks Indian Overseas Bank (74 branches), City Union Bank (31 branches) and Karur Vysya Bank (41 branches) from Wednesday.\"Nearly 10 lakh tax payers in the city can now pay their property taxes in cash, cheques or demand drafts. The corporation has recently signed a Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with seven banks to enable walk-in payment of the tax. The existing modes of payment of property tax include hand-held-devices, net banking, credit card, debit card and ITZ card payment, collection at counters in zones, headquarters and select divisions and interactive voice response system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15027068", "title": "Euro headed for a sharp rally, says report", "text": "MUMBAI: Given the current unending troubles in the Eurozone, one question that is on everyone's mind is 'where is the Euro headed?'. Earlier this month, the currency that is common to 17 European nations, touched an over two-year low at 1.2163 to the US dollar (1 Euro = $1.2163), with voices raising that it could soon go below its recent low of 1.1866 and then slide down till its parity with the greenback.A new research by Karvy Stock Broking, that looked at the correlation of Euro with several other currencies and asset classes, however, pitches for a strong reversal to a position of strength for the 1999-born currency against the dollar over the next 6-8 months. It said that Euro could rise to as high as 1.36 and advised its clients to cut their short positions.The report finds an uncanny correlation between Euro and the sensex, with a lead or a lag of just a couple of weeks. Looking at the chart, the report, by K Anant Rao, predicted that the sensex should rally to 19,000 during the same period as Euro, that is in the next 6-8 months. The report titled 'Euro: Is it a symbol of breaking down nations?', primarily looked at the relationship between Euro and various asset classes like bonds, currency, credit default swaps, energy and metal commodities, and found that leading oscillators of various time durations were suggesting that Euro was turning oversold against the dollar.\"We found that Euro is showing signs of getting oversold with other crosses such Japanese Yen, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Pound Sterling as well, thus strengthening our fears of a strong bounce back in Euro,\" Rao wrote in the report. On the rupee, the report said that a high beta currency like India's moves not only because of global cues but also domestic ones. A \"magic wand is something no central bank is equipped with while dealing with such situations. However, sentiment indicators suggest that the recovery in Indian rupee has started and will appreciate steadily in the next six months,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15028886", "title": "Automobile production to rise by 9.6% in 2012-13: CMIE", "text": "CHENNAI: In signs of slowing demand in the economy, automobile production is expected to grow by 9.6% in 2012-13 as per data of Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE). This is lesser than 10.6% growth predicted for the same period earlier by CMIE.Increase in prices of vehicle coupled with high interest rates and high fuel prices, which increase the total ownership costs of a vehicle, are the main reasons for this downward revision. Concerns over slowdown of economy in general have led to a drop in demand.Commercial vehicle segment is also likely to grow at a slower pace of 8.5% in 2012-13 compared to 19.8% growth in the preceding year. Decline in truck rentals coupled with higher ownership costs is expected to limit growth in medium and heavy commercial vehicle production to 2.4%. In a break with this trend, light commercial vehicle production is expected to grow at a healthy pace.Passenger car and van production is likely to grow by 9.7% in 2012-13. two wheeler production is also expected to grow at the same pace of 9.7%. In contrast, multi-utility vehicle (MUV) production is expected to grow at a much faster rate of 19.7%, riding on the back of new model launches and capacity additions. Passenger cars production is expected to pick up near the festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024577", "title": "Big Bazaar dumps garbage in Nag river, fined Rs 10k", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) at last seems serious about improving city's hygiene levels. It has started to take action against individuals, shopkeepers and hawkers throwing garbage in open spaces. Retail major Big Bazaar was those fined on Monday for throwing garbage in Nag river.Medical officer (malaria and filaria) Dr Ashok Urkude told TOI that two staffers of Big Bazaar, Ramdaspeth, were caught throwing garbage packed in big plastic bags in Nag river along on Canal Road at 10 am. \"Fine of Rs 10,000 was slapped on Biz Bazaar. It was immediately paid to the NMC. The garbage is collected from all shops every day. Still, many have made it a practice to throw garbage in open spaces despoiling the city and helping spread diseases. The garbage in huge quantity can always be seen on stretch of Nag river near Panchsheel square,\" he said.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir said a special team has been formed for checking during the night. \"Action was taken against 29 more shopkeepers, mainly hawkers. The drive will continue to stop the practice of throwing garbage inside or near nullahs, in rivers and on roads and footpaths. Every citizen should ensure cleanliness to prevent from spread of diseases, especially during monsoon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023968", "title": "Fisherman's killing sparks India-US diplomatic row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The killing of an Indian fisherman in firing from a US Navy ship off the port of Jebel Ali, Dubai , has created to a mini diplomatic crisis, with India asking the UAE authorities to investigate the incident in which three other Indians were also injured.India approached the UAE for an investigation even as the US ambassador to India, Nancy Powell, called foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai to express regret for the death of the Indian and promised a full investigation into the incident.\"India's ambassador in Abu Dhabi has requested UAE authorities to probe the circumstances of the tragic incident,\" said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.The incident, which occurred around 3 pm (local time) on Monday, is being linked to rise in tensions in the Persian Gulf over the US and Iran over Tehran's nuclear programme.Reports suggested that on Monday, gunners aboard the US Navy ship, Rappahannock, a refueling vessel, opened fire on a small boat they thought was racing towards them in broad daylight off Jebel Ali. The shooting, in the neighbourhood of the Strait of Hormuz , comes amid fears of conflict between the US and Iran. Last week, Iran threatened to close down the Straits if the crippling sanctions against its energy sector continue.Describing the deaths as \"unfortunate\", external affairs minister S M Krishna, in New Delhi, said, \"I learned from ambassador that government of UAE has filed a case in this incident and they are proceeding according to the laws of that country,\" and hoped that \"necessary action\" will be initiated by the US.There is no clarity about what the Indian fishermen were doing in those waters. In 2000, a US naval vessel, USS Cole, was bombed by an al-Qaeda terrorist cell off Yemen in a similar sort of attack, killing 17 American soldiers.There were no signs, however, that the Indian boat in question was anything other than a fishing vessel with civilians in it. \"We had no warning at all from the ship, we were speeding up to try and go around them and then suddenly we got fired at,\" Muthu Muniraj (28), one of the injured fisherman told Reuters.A spokesperson for the US Fifth Fleet, Lt Greg Raelson, was quoted as saying, \"Non-lethal measures were taken while attempting to signal the vessel,\" he said, adding that the fishing craft did not respond. \"That was when the security team fired rounds from the .50-caliber ... Our ships have an inherent right to self-defence against lethal threats.\"The US Navy, which is reportedly moving another aircraft carrier to the Persian Gulf, is gearing up for increased tensions with Iran over Tehran's nuclear ambitions. The incident, officials said, is an indication that errors like this could throw tensions off gear.Drawing attention to the incident, Iranian foreign ministry sought to assign blame to the US naval forces in the region. \"We have announced time and again that the presence of foreign forces can be a threat to regional security,\" Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said during a news conference. \"Certainly regional countries with the help of one another can provide security in the best possible way. If they join hands, with their defensive capabilities, they don't need the presence of foreign forces. Anywhere where you see insecurity we have always seen the hand of foreign forces there,\" the spokesperson added.Reacting to the event, MEA said, \"We are deeply saddened by the loss of life of the Indian fisherman and the injuries sustained by the others. Our thoughts are with their families. Our Embassy in Washington D.C. has been in touch with the United States Government since midnight IST yesterday (Monday). Our Embassy in Abu Dhabi is working with local authorities to carry out full investigation into the circumstances leading to this unfortunate and tragic incident. The Acting Consul General is in Jebel Ali to provide all necessary assistance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15023932", "title": "Tribals protest injustice over dispute resolution scheme", "text": "NASHIK: Alleging that villages participating in the tantamukti scheme, designed to resolve petty local dispute, are pressurising tribals in their jurisdiction against raising concerns, the Akhil Bhartiya Adivasi Vikas Parishad has demanded that such schemes be stopped at the earliest.A number of tribals led by the Parishad, marched to the city collectorate and tribal development commissionerate to draw the attention of the state towards issues facing the tribals.The memoranda presented to the officials, stated that higher officials must be given charge of cases where injustice against tribal people - especially women (in crimes like rape and molestation are involved.The memoranda added that the tantamukti scheme, meant to facilitate conflict-resolution with the help of the grampanchayat, is instead being used to suppress indigenous groups, forcing them to remain tight-lipped over injustices meted out by other castes.The morcha also demanded that the gramsabha be given powers to pass resolutions related to caste certificates when tribals are involved. Setting a deadline for the government to actThe Parishad warned of a hunger strike in Mumbai if no action was taken within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15024078", "title": "Govt to run Chowgule HSS if needed: CM", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday assured the Goa legislative assembly that the government would take over the running of the Chowgule higher secondary school in Margao if the management tried to close it.Responding to a starred question by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, Parrikar said, \"The government will take over if they try to close down. A government-funded facility will not be allowed to be privatized.\"Parrikar's assurance came after a barrage of charges from Sardesai against the Chowgule management.Sardesai said that despite the government's directions to the management not to close the higher secondary, the management was creating a buzz that the school would close next year. A note to that effect was also present on the Chowgule website, he said.Sardesai said this had created apprehensions in the minds of students and parents due to which admissions to the higher secondary had dropped by 50%. \"A fait accompli is sought to be created that the higher secondary will be closed,\" Sardesai said.The MLA also said the Chowgule management had issued notices to teachers informing them of the closure of the higher secondary and said that these notices had still not been withdrawn. Sardesai also accused the management of wrongly levying a \"service charge\" on students.Intervening in the debate, Taleigao MLA Jennifer Monserrate expressed apprehensions over the sense of insecurity being created in the minds of students over the reported closure of the higher secondary school.Responding to the charges, the chief minister said it is possible that the management is resorting to some \"unconstitutional methods\" but stated that he can only act on written complaints. He asked Sardesai to give this to him in writing so that he can order an inquiry. Parrikar also said that after the assembly session ended, he could call a special meeting of all concerned, including education department officials, to sort out the matter.Parrikar, however, categorically stated that the Chowgule higher secondary would not be allowed to close and that the government would take over, if it tried to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15024696", "title": "Babus meet chief minister over T G Venkatesh's remarks", "text": "A delegation of IAS officers' association met chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday to lodge their protest over the inflammatory remarks reportedly made by minor irrigation minister T G Venkatesh in Kurnool on Friday.The delegation included president Prashant Mahapatra and secretary J Raymond Peter. They presented a copy of the resolution adopted by the association protesting the minister's remarks. The minister had reportedly asked the farmers, who came to meet him, to shoot all those who did not do any service, be they government officers or political leaders. The resolution adopted unanimously by the IAS officers said that the minister's comment had the potential to cause law and order problem. The delegation reportedly brought the adamancy of the minister, who refused to withdraw his comments, to the notice of the CM. Later, a delegation member said they did not demand any action against the minister. \"We simply brought our concern to the notice of Kiran Kumar ReddyWe leave the matter to the wisdom of the chief minister,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15025599", "title": "'Halt train at Manapparai station'", "text": "TRICHY: The recent introduction of the Trichy - Tirunelveli Intercity Express brought cheer and the much-needed relief for the passengers travelling between the two cities. However, with hardly a week gone by since the train was launched, residents of Manapparai are up in arms, demanding the railways for a two-minute halt at the station. Not content with that, the people of Trichy are also demanding the immediate introduction of current reservation for this train, similar to that of the Trichy - Chennai Pallavan Express that departs from here at 6.30am everyday.Divisional railway manager, Manjula Rangarajan, told TOI, \"I have not given any thought to these issues. The final decision whether to halt a train at a particular station or not, lies with the railway board. Introducing current reservation on the Trichy - Tirunelveli Express, is also a policy matter, and the decision has to be taken by the headquarters in Delhi.\"From the day it was launched on July 14, the intercity express has become a huge hit with passengers, with people seen packed in all the six general class coaches. The fare of Rs 85 has brought in more crowds. There are also six second sitting and one AC chair car coaches. Passengers said the provision of current reservation would be highly helpful and available tickets would be democratically distributed, especially in the early morning trains since the reservation charts would be prepared the previous day instead of the regular four hours before departure. Last minute cancellations would be distributed to those booking through current reservation since the counter for issuing open tickets opens as early as 4am.Rail users feel current reservation could be done as late as 15 minutes prior to departure of the train from its originating station and the available tickets would be distributed to genuine travellers rather than leaving it to the discretion of the TTE, who may be tempted to exchange them for monetary considerations as the vacant seats are not reflected on the chart.Meanwhile, people of Manapparai, supported by all political parties, have given a memorandum to the district collector and threatened to take the issue to the tracks until their need is met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "15025580", "title": "Schoolgirl downs shutters of Tasmac shop in Chinnalapatti", "text": "DINDIGUL: An 18-year-old girl created a flutter in Chinnalapatti in Dindigul district when she locked a Tasmac shop in her region on Tuesday.The PMK high command had called for a state wide stir demanding total prohibition, where they had proposed to lock the Tasmac shops in their region. The party has been demanding the removal of the 6,900 Tasmac shops in the state. Demonstrations were staged in many parts of Dindigul district including Athoor, Nilakottai, Chinnalapatti, Kodaikanal and Dindigul by members of the PMK on Tuesday. They shouted slogans and distributed pamphlets on the dangers of alcohol among the public.On learning that her father, the Athoor union secretary of the PMK, and others had been arrested while trying to lock up the Tasmac shop number 3142 in their area, N Priyanka (18) daughter of M K Nagendran, walked up to the shop with the party flag in her hand, downed the shutters and locked the shop much to the surprise of onlookers and some tipplers who were inside the shop.Priyanka said that she was frustrated that the police were preventing members of the PMK from protesting against alcohol, which had recently claimed a life of her relative and had decided to do what the elders could not do. The girl has completed her plus two and is awaiting the counseling to join an engineering course. She said that she had plans to study further and eventually join politics to serve the society.\"Total prohibition is something that should be implemented in the state without further delay, because I have seen many people becoming addicted to liquor and their families suffering,\" she said. Though the local villagers, most of them women, lauded the girl for her deed, her own family members were apprehensive that the police might harass them over her actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15029108", "title": "Rajasthan government decides to ban gutka", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan government on Wednesday decided to ban production, storage, distribution and sale of gutka in the state.The decision was taken at a meeting of the council of ministers headed by chief minister Ashok Gehlot . The ban will come into force after a notification is issued.\"In view of the health of people, we decided to ban gutka. Provision has been made for penalty of Rs 25,000 to 10 lakh on violation through courts,\" Gehlot told reporters after the meeting.The decision will cause a revenue loss of around Rs 125 crore, he said.Those involved in the trade of gutka and pan masala with tobacco should change their business in the interest of society, the chief minister said.\"Medical science has proved the level of harm caused by the gutka so its production should be discouraged at all levels. We will request the Centre to make a stringent law in this regard.\"Those who run factories of gutka are rich today because the business has good margin. They should also stop production of gutka and if they do not do this, then they are similar to anti-social elements because they are knowingly doing the business of poison and playing with the health of people,\" he said, adding, that other states should also come forward to ban the product.Gehlot also expressed concern over possible illegal sale of gutka after the ban and said that efforts would be made to ensure that there is no sale of gutka in any manner.\"Provision of cash penalty is made but I personally feel that those who illegally produce/store/distribute or sell gutka should be jailed,\" he added.Gutka is banned in many states like Maharashtra, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow/bareilly", "code": "15024469", "title": "Politicians' celebratory firing kills boy", "text": "LUCKNOW/BAREILLY: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday suspended five policemen and transferred a circle officer in connection with Monday's celebratory firing in Bareilly in which a 10-year-old boy lost his life. Instructions have also been issued to book the chairman of Visharatganj Nagar Panchayat in Bareilly under section 30 of the Arms Act, as it was his oath taking function where one of his supporters fired in the air, resulting in the tragic incident.Those facing penal action include sub-inspector Bharat Singh and constables Durgesh Kumar, Israar Ahmed and Shiv Narain who were present at the venue when the incident took place. All of them are posted at the Visharatganj police station. Station officer in-charge of Visharatganj police station has also been suspended for his failure to prevent the incident in the jurisdiction of his police station. Circle officer Aonla, who was present at the venue, has been attached to the DGP headquarters with immediate effect till further notice.On Monday, Mehtab (10) was killed when he was hit by a stray bullet fired at the oath taking function of the SP-backed and newly-elected chairman of the Visharatganj Nagar Panchayat Riyaz Ansari from the licensed gun of a supporter Mohammad Danish. \"The incident took place when the swearing-in ceremony was drawing to a close and a supporter of Riyaz opened fire from his licensed gun,\" said senior superintendent of police (SSP) Bareilly, Sanjeev Gupta. The victim, a local resident was watching the function from the roadside along with a host of other friends and neighbours. The boy died on the spot.Police sources say that proceedings are underway to book Ansari under Section 30 of the Arms Act. If convicted, he may face imprisonment for a term of three months or a fine of Rs 4,000 or both.Finding themselves cornered, the Visharatganj police registered a case of death due to negligence against the accused Danish despite the fact that such display and use of fire power is completely-banned by the government. No action was initiated against the chairman whose supporter had committed the crime, neither were the district authorities present at the function questioned for their failure in checking the incident.At least 14 people, mostly children have died in similar incidents reported from different parts of the state during the past four months. As the first two incidents took place during celebrations by supporters of political leaders, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered a complete ban on the use of firearms shortly after he was sworn in. The CM had also ordered stringent action not only against the person using the firearm and the local police, but also penal action against the party functionary in whose presence the incident takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023863", "title": "India 'open' to allowing Pak panel to cross-examine 26/11 witnesses", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Pakistani court's decision rejecting findings of an inquiry commission, which visited India in March in connection with 2611 probe, on Tuesday saw an upset New Delhi to consider whether the panel be given a second chance, allowing it to cross-examine witnesses in Mumbai.Indian officials indicated New Delhi is open to the idea, although it was up to Pakistan to come out formally on the next course of action after a court held that panel's report cannot be considered as witnesses in India were not cross- examined.Though the eight-member Pakistani panel, comprising defence lawyers and prosecutors, had pitched for cross-examining four witnesses when it visited Mumbai in March, Indian authorities refused permission saying this was not part of the agreement between the two nations.The visiting panel had recorded statements of the witnesses \u2014 additional chief metropolitan magistrate R V Sawant Waghule, investigating officer (IO) Ramesh Mahale and two doctors who conducted post-mortem of the victims and nine Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorists killed during the Mumbai carnage.It is unclear why India did not insist on a 'cross-examination' clause earlier knowing fully well Islamabad's attempts to dodge a serious probe. Officials admitted New Delhi failed to anticipate that the panel's visit could be held infructuous for not having cross-examined witnesses.The Pakistani Commission submitted its report to an anti-terrorist court trying seven Mumbai attack accused, including Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Zarar Shah and others, for masterminding the carnage.Unhappy over the Pakistani court's ruling that the report of the panel has \"no legal value\" as it did not cross-examine witnesses in Mumbai, Indian home secretary R K Singh said, \"Our belief is that the evidence collected by the Commission is of evidential value\". He said New Delhi would seek a copy of the court ruling.\"After we go through the judgment, we will discuss with the Pakistan government as to what they propose to do about it,\" Singh said. The home secretary, however, did not elaborate, saying it would be premature to anticipate anything at this juncture.The decision to send the Pakistani Commission to India was first taken during the home secretary-level talks between the two countries here in March, 2011. Islamabad, however, took one year to send its panel after delays due to several not very convincing reasons.A section within the home ministry believes had Pakistan raised the issue of cross-examination when the agreement was being drafted, India would have agreed for it under provisions of the CrPC. Section 290 (Execution of Foreign Commission) has a specific provision allowing such a panel \"examination of witnesses in relation to criminal matters\". Even Pakistani law has similar provisions.\"Not raising the issue at the stage of agreement might be a part of Pakistan's delaying tactics on 2611 trial which has been lingering on without any success for the last over three years,\" said an official.The 2611 terror attack by 10 Pakistani Lashkar terrorists left 166 people dead in November, 2008. Nine of the terrorists were killed by security forces, while Ajmal Kasab was the lone gunman, who was nabbed and is lodged in a Mumbai jail. Pakistan arrested seven LeT terrorists following international pressure.Islamabad had contended that charges against the LeT operatives, including Lakhvi, Shah and others \u2014 lodged in a jail in that country \u2014 were based on Kasab's statement in Mumbai. This was why it was necessary to submit the magistrate's and the investigating officer's statements to the anti-terror court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15024857", "title": "Lions make coastal belt their home", "text": "RAJKOT: From the lush green forests of Gir, lions are now finding a new home along the sea coast. The lions seem to have permanently settled down around coastal villages of Rajula and Jafrabad talukas of Amreli district. While the lions have adapted to the local environment and finding sufficient prey, wildlife activists are concerned about the wild cat moving into industrialized areas along the coast.Bhatt had sought details about the presence of lions in Kovaya, Ramapara, Bherai, Lunsapur, Lothpur and Mityala and how many animals they killed. The area around six villages has a presence of cement companies like Ultratech, L&T; and Narmada besides many proposed power plants of Torrent, Videocon, Syntex and Patel Engineering. Pipavav port and shipyard is also located here. The area witnesses heavy traffic, mainly trucks plying throughout the day.Wildlife activists say there are over 25 lions on coastal villages of Rajula and Jafrabad talukas in Amreli district. The information accessed under Right to Information ( RTI) Act filed by activist Himanshu Bhatt in Savarkundla revealed that lions have killed at least 85 domestic animals since January in these coastal areas.According to wildlife lovers, the lions were found straying into coastal areas since 10 years but now this area has become their permanent habitat. These lions have come out from their natural corridor in Khambha area.\"Lions making an industrialized belt their permanent home is a matter of concern now as this may impact the natural corridor of the wild cat,\" honorary wildlife warden, Amreli district, Vipul Laheri said. Senior forest officials said this area is part of greater Gir and lions have been mostly found in private lands, gauchar land and government wastelands in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024460", "title": "Govt sets up high-level panel for mono rail", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Monday constituted a nine-member project management unit (committee) comprising senior officials of various departments for the \"successful and timely completion\" of the mono rail project. The showpiece Chennai Metro Rail project is on the fast track and the state government does not appear to want to lag behind with regard to the network that is aimed at acting as a feeder service.The committee will be led by the project director of Mono Rail and include chief engineers of public works department and highways, district revenue officers of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur, joint directors of rural development and municipal administration, superintending engineers of Metrowater and electricity board and chief accounts officer of treasuries and accounts. Five project promoters, including Hitachi, Bombardier and L&T;, have been shortlisted and the committee is expected to work out the modules of speedy implementation of the programme.\"The committee will ensure that the project need not wait for individual departments to respond. Representatives of various agencies will extend support as and when required. Though land acquisition is minimal, issues such as shifting of water lines and alienation of government properties need to be looked into,\" said a senior government official. Apart from Chennai Corporation areas, the project will run through many village panchayats in Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts, hence the services of the revenue officers of these districts have been requisitioned, sources said.Monorail tracks occupy less than 42 sq m of space where columns are located on a entral median and are easy to construct and execute, besides causing minimal disruption during construction. With no grid power required for operation, the facility, it is claimed, is environment-friendly and cost-efficient.The government plans to take up 54 km in the first phase, covering three corridors at an estimated Rs 8,500 crore. The project under DBFOT (Design, Build, Fund, Operate and Transfer) basis will not place any financial burden on the state. The selection of a bidder is on, with the state working on request for proposals (RFP), the early process for tendering, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024960", "title": "Medical, para-medical admissions start", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admissions into medical and paramedical seats began on Tuesday. A total of 8,800 seats are available in various colleges across the state. On day one, 342 students were granted admission. These include a number of physically challenged students and students of central and international boards. Of the total 60 seats available for physically challenged students, only 19 were filled up. For CBSE students a total of 140 medical seats were allocated, of which 137 were filled. For dental colleges the CBSE quota was 56 seats, of these only ten were filled. The 12 seats in medical colleges which were available for ICSE students were all taken up. While in dental only one of the five seats meant for ICSE students was filled.tnnOfficials of the admission committee for medical and paramedical courses said, \"For CBSE students vying for a berth in medical and paramedical courses there were 430 seats, of these only 301 were taken. The remaining empty seats will be available to Gujarat board students.\"While for medical colleges, the CBSE students merit mark stood at 67.25 while in government colleges the cut off mark was 81.46. From Wednesday those students of Gujarat board who have scored 503 merit marks have been called for admission. A total of 1053 students are expected to queue up at the BJ Medical college for admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024385", "title": "Short spurts of rain greet south Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The rain gods seem to be playing hide and seek with Chennaiites. While southern parts of the city received rain, the central and northern parts were not so fortunate.While the rain gauge at Nungambakkam recorded only trace amounts of rainfall, Meenambakkam recorded 9.5mm. \"Just when I was leaving home at 4pm, it started raining heavily. For 25 minutes, it continued relentlessly,\" said Shankar, a resident of Velachery. \"There was no sign of by the time I reached Kotturpuram,\" he said.Residents of T Nagar, Saidapet and surrounding areas had to be content with a light drizzle. \"After two days of nice weather, it was pretty hot today. But it became cooler as the day wore on,\" said R Lingesh of Kodambakkam.Weather experts say the rain was due to a localized phenomenon. \"Due to excess heating and high moisture content in the area, rain clouds formed,\" said Mahesh Palawat of Skymet, a private weather forecasting agency. The rain clouds are called Cumulonimbus and are found at a height of 2,500 to 3,000 feet.Shankar's early evening experience can be attributed to these clouds. \"They are vertical and cause intense short spells of rain. They cover a radius of 4-5km and usually last between 30 minutes to an hour. The same phenomenon is also expected on Wednesday,\" said Mahesh. There is usually a two-degree difference between Meenambakkam and Nungambakkam.On Tuesday, the maximum temperature for Nungambakkam was 34.5C. In Meenambakkam, it was 35.5C. \"The difference in temperature is because of the topography of the area. Meenabakkam is relatively rocky,\" said Mahesh. According to climatological data, the city receives around 10cm of rain in July and the maximum temperature usually averages around 35C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025109", "title": "Provide better facilities to disabled at station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railway users have sought facilities for disabled passengers at Gomtinagar station. Railway users' consultative committee, which met railway officials on Tuesday, also mentioned the parking woes at Lucknow Junction station. The committee demanded augmenting number of coaches in Gonda intercity and opening a separate ticket counter for women at Gorakhpur PRS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15025366", "title": "Burglars decamp with valuables worth Rs 5L", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars barged into a house and decamped with cash and valuables worth around Rs 5 lakh. The incident took place at Sterling Green New in Chunabhatti on Monday.The police said the house of the complainant Rakesh Shrivastava was locked at the time of the incident as he and his wife had gone to office.The accused broke open the lock of the front gate and made away with ornaments, including diamond, gold and silver jewellery and Rs 1 lakh cash. The total worth of the stolen goods is around Rs 5 lakh, the police added.The incident came to the fore when the couple returned home in afternoon for lunch. On finding the locks broken and valuables missing, they informed the police and subsequently, the police swung into action.A case was registered at the Kamla Nagar police station.\"The complainant Shrivastava is an officer on special duty with the higher education department while his wife works in a school. The thieves probably knew that the couple goes out for job and the house remains locked during the daytime,\" said town inspector Rajendra Raghuvanshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028953", "title": "Julayi satellite rights fetch Rs 5.7 crore", "text": "Allu Arjun has not had a release since Badrinath hit the screens last year, which is why his upcoming flick, Jualyi has generated a lot of pre-release hype. The satellite rights for the movie has fetched a mindboggling Rs 5.7 crore, a record in Tollywood. MAA TV bagged the rights of the film hoping to cash in on the unprecedented craze for the movie.Allu Arjun plays a carefree young man who has no aim in life. How he falls in love with a girl and how it changes his life is the plot of the movie. Trivikram Srinivas is directing the film, starring Ileana as the female lead and Sonu Sood, Rajendra Prasad, Brahmaji, Brahmanandam in prominent roles. The movie is scheduled to hit the big-screens on August 9 on grand scale. Radhakrishna is producing the movie while DVV Danayya is presenting it.The filmmakers recently shot a promotional song, \" Pakdo Pakdo\" featuring Allu Arjun and Devi Sri Prasad. The song has generated quite a buzz among Allu Arjun's fans already. The film is being dubbed into Malyalam as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027880", "title": "Kanye West surprises Kim Kardashian", "text": "Kim Kardashian was left blushing when she came to find racks of designer clothing that her rapper boyfriend Kanye West had picked out for herJetting overseas for a flurry of promotional appearances, the 31-year-old star was taken aback by the romantic move from West - that featured on her reality TV show 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians.'Going through the racks, Kardashian gushed about the gesture to friend and publicist Jonathan Cheban .\"Can you believe Kanye sent this?!\" the Daily Mail quoted Kardashian as saying.Speaking to the camera, Kardashian said: \"So Jonathan and I walk into the hotel room and I show Jonathan all the stuff that came from Kanye.\"Pulling from the racks lining the room, she showed a Prada dress, an ensemble from West's own clothing line, and other pieces that she said the rapper picked out for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024666", "title": "Two fake currency racketeers arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths have arrested two persons who were planning to dupe people in the guise of supplying fake currency.Acting on a tip-off, a Task Force team arrested R Pandu Ranga Rao of Tanuku and Syed Sami of New Hafeezpet while they were waiting for customers near Gokul theatre in Erragadda on Tuesday. Police seized a box filled with newspaper bundles which was topped with four original Rs 100 notes and two mobile phones from their possession.According to the police, the duo used to lure innocent people by promising to supply fake Indian currencyin 1:3 ratio. \"They collect money from the victims after showing them only a glimpse of the original notes placed on the top of the box and then quickly escape from the spot,\" Task Force police said. The two were handed over to the SR Nagar police along with the box for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027528", "title": "Sapphire Creations performs at Tantra, The Park", "text": "Dance took centrestage at Tantra, The Park, on a recent Thursday night as members of Sapphire Creations presented solos, duets and ensemble performances using movements, text and live music.Said Sudarshan Chakravorty, the creative mastermind behind the presentation, \"It was a journey of introspection into the self, exploring the baggage of memories, relationships and pain. It resulted in a coming to terms with adverse situations in life to find a rejuvenated self, ready to take on life's challenges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023358", "title": "Matoshree welcomed two Thackeray cousins with aarti", "text": "Mumbai: Raj and Uddhav Thackeray on Monday were accorded a traditional welcome with flowers, aarti et al when the duo came back together to Matoshree from Lilavati Hospital. Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray was admitted to the suburban hospital for angiography. He was given a discharge in the evening and MNS chief Raj Thackeray drove his cousin back to Matoshree, in what is been described as a family reunion.Both Raj and Uddhav were welcomed with a traditional aarti as they stepped into Matoshree, sources said. \"The two cousins were also later presented flowers in the Maharashtrain tradition,\" sources added.Raj and Uddhav discussed the options before the family for the Sena CEO's coronary problem with party chief Bal Thakeray. Raj had a cup of coffee with Uddhav and Sena patriarch. Other members of the family were present as well, including Uddhav's wife Rashmi and sons Aditya and Tejas.A misty-eyed Thackeray was happy to see Raj and Uddhav together, a close relative stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024812", "title": "Tiger strays out, attacks villagers in Ranthambore", "text": "JAIPUR: Panic gripped Mai village in Khandar range area outside the Ranthambore National Park in Sawai Madhopur district when two persons were injured after a tiger attacked them.The incident took place on Tuesday morning when some villagers gathered outside a bush apprehending the presence of a tiger. Armed with batons and stones, the villagers waited outside the bush. Suddenly, the tiger jumped on two of the villagers and disappeared inside the dense forest area, wildlife sources said.Soon after, wildlife officials including director of the park, Rajesh Gupta and a team of rapid action force rushed to the spot to identify the tiger.\"The tiger was T-20 which had came out of the core area and was found at Mai village in Khandar range. It was immediately tranquilized. Later, our team left the big cat in the park area,\" district forest officer Y K Sahoo said.\"One of the injured on whom the tiger pounced upon had got his shoulder fractured,\" the officer said.Though it was the first incident of the year, the Ranthambore National Park had witnessed straying incidents of the tigers in the past. It may be recalled that in 2010, a forest ranger Daulat Singh Shaktawar was injured after being attacked by a tiger. Likewise a 22-year-old villager was also injured by a tiger in the area. In 2011, a forest guard was also injured after a tiger pounced upon him.The attack on the villagers by tigers from the park early has not come as a surprise for the forest officials. While some feel that such instances are common in tiger sanctuaries all around, others blame it on the over crowding of the Ranthambore park. During monsoon, tigers spread out to the periphery of the forest and often stray out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024465", "title": "Rotary Club widens effort to fight cervical cancer", "text": "NAGPUR: Thanks to high detection rate of cervical cancer , the proportion of deaths caused by it in most developed countries is very low. On the contrary, most Indian women are not aware of the disease until it is no longer treatable, making the country the world capital of deaths from cervical cancer. Five years ago, this inspired Rotary Club of Nagpur Ishanya to start screening tests for this deadly disease at minimal charges.The tests are conducted at Matru Sewa Sangh Hospital, Sitabuldi, since 2007. Over this period, more than 3,000 women have undergone Pap smear examination at the hospital. Of all the women tested, four women were diagnosed with advanced stage cancer and more than 60 had early stage of the cancer. The club is now thinking of taking their efforts to a higher level, by trying to spread awareness about the disease through a network of volunteers.\"One of the women diagnosed with advanced cancer was a nurse herself. In 36 women, the disease was in the precancerous stage, which is treatable, and in 29 it was in very early stage. Some 95 women had to undergo other tests to ascertain the status of their disease,\" said associate professor of Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH) Dr Meherbano Kamal, a member of the club and president of Vidarbha Association of Pathologists and Microbiologist ( VAPM).Though most people relate this type of cancer with women, Dr Kamal believes that even men can have the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV). \"Men are prone to be carriers of the virus and it can manifest itself in the form of warts in private parts. Screening males for the disease can protect their female partners,\" she said.\"Most women who were screened did not know of the disease before we told them and convinced them to undergo the screenings. Concentrated efforts are required to remove this ignorance among women,\" said Shyam Laddha, medical services director of the club. If so many women in such a small sample size had some problem or the other, how many more women would be suffering due to ignorance, he wondered.President of the club Kamal Taori said the efforts they started five years ago are being reshaped into a more concrete form. \"Women from the club have formed a network of volunteers. They have decided to spread awareness about the disease among women, who are more prone to it. We will have camps and other such activities with other NGOs for this purpose all through this year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024446", "title": "Bhoyar's murder suspect dies at GMCH", "text": "NAGPUR: A 21-year-old murder suspect succumbed to injuries at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Monday evening. Anurag Rangari was under police scanner for his alleged role in the murder of bar owner Pradeep Bhoyar on June 30.Police found Rangari seriously injured at Chandan Nagar. It is reportedly said that Rangari, with his accomplices, suffered a fall while fleeing the spot. He was later admitted to GMCH by police after his accomplices left him behind.Though his alleged connection in the murder had come to light, the police opted to wait for his recovery before taking him into custody. The police, in the meanwhile, took seven persons into custody. Two top gangsters of the city too have been quizzed for their role as the police feel that there exists a mastermind behind the murder.Rangari had been admitted to the hospital since his admission before he was declared dead.Imambada police, which had been investigating Bhoyar's murder case, have registered an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15025152", "title": "Remove names of duplicate voters: CEO", "text": "Chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha while addressing district election officers of all districts through video conferencing directed them to get removed names of duplicate voters, collect photographs of those voters whose photographs are not in the voters list, get them printed and issue them.Scores of women under the banner of All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA) staged a sit-in in front of the Vidhan Bhawan here on Tuesday on the issue of food security. Later, addressing a meeting , Aidwa state secretary Madhu Garg strongly criticised the provisions of the Food SecurityBill, to be presented in the monsoon session of parliament. She alleged that the Bill would not be able to provide any benefit to 25 per cent rural and 50 per cent urban population because the Central government and the Planning Commission do not seem to be sincere in addressing the plight of the poor people. In memoranda addressed to the Prime Minister and the chief minister, Aidwa has demanded strengthening of public distribution system, every family living below the poverty line should be given 35 kg of grains per month at the rate of Rs 2 per kg, central government should stop giving well out packages to the rich and instead increase subsidies for the poor people in every area, ration cards be issued to those people who are living in slums, etc.Protest: Uttar Pradesh Matsya Vikas Nigam Chaturth Shreni Karmachari Sangathan staged a sit-in on Tuesday in support of its long standing demands which include implementation of the recommendations of the Fifth and Sixth Pay Commissions, regularisation of daily wage employees, payment of arrears of dearness allowance, etc. from 58 years to 60 years etcPlantation drive: Talkatora Industrial Estate Industries Owners' Association organised a tree plantation programme recently. Minister for small industry and export promotion Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar was the chief guest.The deputy chairman of the State Planning Commission Naveen ChandraBajpai, through a letter sent to the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , informed him that he would not avail the Rs 40,000 per month honorarium he is entitled to. The chief minister lauded Bajpai for his noble gesture. Giving this information, a state government spokesperson said that the deputy chairman had requested this to the chief minister when he took over as the State Planning Commission deputy chairman on April 1, 2012.Bajpai has also declined to use the housing facilities that come with this post and has announced that he would be discharging his official duties from his private residence.Government on Monday withdrew the status of minister of state given to the chairmen of the UP Shia Central Wakf Board and the UP Sunni Central Wakf Board.The government has withdrawn the status of minister of state conferred on chairmen of UP Shia Central Wakf Board, Syed Wasim Rizvi and UPSunni Central Wakf Board, zufer Ahmad Farooqui, with immediate effect, says an official release. The status was conferred on them on September 21 last year, he said.Secretary, minority welfare and wakf Leena Johri said that all the facilities provided to them had also been withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025852", "title": "Court order forged for homemade food", "text": "NEW DELHI: The desire for home-cooked food in jail drove a man to forge a court order that made provision for it.It was a finely written court order allowing the man to have \"home-cooked food on court hearing dates at Delhi and Haryana on medical grounds, as the applicant is suffering from a variety of ailments demanding regular enriched diet\" . The order bore signatures of a sessions judge along with a rubber stamp of the court.Everything went according to plan, but one small mistake of writing the wrong court room number did him in. The court's order mentioned room no. 502, which did not exist in Rohini Courts Complex.The assistant sub-inspector from Rohini Courts Complex lock-up noticed the slip. He informed the court of additional sessions judge Kamini Lau that such an order from her court, allegedly signed by the judge, had been given to him.The court went through the order and found it to be forged, after which it directed the SHO of Prashant Vihar to register a case against accused Sunil under appropriate sections of the IPC.The court asked police to find out if anyone else was involved. \"All necessary steps should be taken to recover the counterfeit rubber stamps of this court in case they may be further misused. Needless to say, the investigating officer shall be at liberty to retrieve the necessary CCTV footage, obtain the handwriting of the accused and other suspects (which may include the advocates and the court staff) in accordance with law,\" additional sessions judge Lau said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15027066", "title": "Tamil Nadu teacher gets a month in jail for cutting 10-yr-old\u2019s hair", "text": "COIMBATORE: A woman physical education teacher was sentenced to one month's imprisonment by a Coimbatore court on Monday for forcibly cutting the hair of a 10-year-old girl four years ago.The teacher was enraged when she saw the girl's hairstyle, which was not in conformity with what was prescribed by the school. She beat her before taking a pair of scissors and forcibly cutting her hair.Pronouncing the verdict, judicial magistrate Hemanth Kumar said the rights of children must get utmost importance as stipulated under the Juvenile Justice Act.He said the punishment would act as a deterrent, preventing others from committing such crimes.The incident took place on March 3, 2008. The girl, then 10, was a Class V student of Bharathi Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Coimbatore . Shobana, her physical education teacher, noticed that the girl's hairstyle didn't conform to what the school management had stipulated. The girl was beaten up by the teacher, who then cut her hair.After coming to know about the incident, the girl's parents filed a complaint with police. Shobana was booked under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 342 (wrongful confinement) of Indian Penal Code. The teacher was dismissed from service by the school.During the trial, the prosecution argued that since the victim was a minor , the teacher should be punished under Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act. The court sentenced the teacher to one month's imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 500 under the IPC Section 323.The teacher was also awarded one month's jail and fined Rs 500 under the JJ Act as well. The jail terms will run concurrently.\"I am very happy about the judgment . Teachers who ill-treat students should be punished,\" said G Sumathi, the girl's mother.\"After we approached the court, most schools refused to admit my daughter. We wrote to the then chief minister M Karunanidhi, who wrote back. His letter helped my daughter get admission in a matriculation school. Now she is 15 and studying in Class X,\" Sumathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023403", "title": "Malad housewife stabbed, burnt to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A 46-year-old woman was found dead, her body covered with burns, at her Malad West residence on Monday. While it initially appeared to be an accidental death, an autopsy revealed the woman had been stabbed to death.Suzanne Rodriques, the victim, lived on the sixth-floor of Marve View society on Marve Road with her teenaged daughters aged 14 and 17. Her husband, Allwyn, is employed at Bahrain . On Monday, Suzanne went to buy provisions at around 11.30am after her daughters left. The society watchman saw Suzanne return by noon but didn't see any strangers go to her flat thereafter.\"Around 1.30pm, her younger daughter came home from school and knocked on the door. But there was no response and she decided to wait till her older sister returned from college by 2 pm. The two girls did not have a spare set of house keys and grew worried as a sharp odour of kerosene had been emanating from the house all the while. The girls then informed their neighbours who called up the fire brigade. The door was broken down and Suzanne was found lying on the living room floor,\" said senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh.Police had also been called by then. Suzanne's face, neck and torso was covered with burns and there were some pieces of paper stuck to her body. She was rushed to a local hospital, where doctors declared her dead. The police informed her brother Steven who lives in north Mumbai.\"Initially, the family did not suspect anything amiss and believed it to be an accidental death. But we had a nagging doubt that something was wrong. The body was sent for an autopsy to the Borivli post-mortem centre where it was revealed that Suzanne had three stab injuries, two in her stomach and one on her neck. There's a possibility that the killer set her ablaze after stabbing her, to put the police off track. Turpentine oil had possibly been emptied on her and she sustained around 40% burns,\" an official said.Allwyn flew down to Mumbai on Tuesday after being informed of his wife's death. An inspection of the 1-BHK flat revealed that Suzanne's jewellery was intact, but Rs 5,000 was missing from the drawers. \"We suspect insider involvement in the case. Suzanne must have known the killer and let him inside the house on her own. We are questioning frequent visitors to the flat and those who were friends with Suzanne,\" the official said. The watchman is also being questioned. A case of murder has been registered by the Malwani police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15025619", "title": "BRTS trial run in October: Tripathi", "text": "INDORE: The new district collector Akash Tripathi is confident that the much-ballyhooed Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), which has already overshot its deadline by two-and-half years, would finally be operational by December-end. Trial runs would begin from October.The district collector, who took charge on July 11, held a review meeting of the Rs 137-crore BRTS project on Monday and directed the executing authorities namely Indore Development Authority ( IDA ), Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) and Atal Indore Transport Corporation Limited ( AITCL) to complete the project on priority.\"By November, we would be able to construct the bus stops and parking slots for the BRTS users,\" said the collector adding that initially three parking slots would be developed to facilitate the commuters to park their vehicles. Works for the construction of 10 bus stops is underway with four nearing completion, he said.It is estimated that around 70,000 passengers would commute daily by the BRTS. \"Parking facilities for the commuters are essential so as to provide free flow of traffic along the 14 km route of the BRTS. The work of pipeline for providing trenchless sewerage connection at Geeta Bhavan would begin from the coming Monday.\"About the law and order situation in the city, the collector said by and large the city is peaceful, while there have been incidents of crime.\"My priorities are those set by the state government,\" he said. To stop feticide he would tighten the noose around sonography laboratories indulging in determination of sex of a child in womb.Parking facilities for the commuters are essential so as to provide free flow of traffic along the 14 km route of the BRTS. The work of pipeline for providing trenchless sewerage connection at Geeta Bhavan would begin from the coming Monday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15025733", "title": "No guarantee of deal with GSPC, says British Gas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: British Gas (India) has filed a report to the London headquarters of the global energy giant on the fiasco over bidding for the company's 65.12% stake in Gujarat Gas Company Ltd (GGCL). The report clearly suggests that the bidding process was rigged at the behest of the Gujarat government-controlled Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC), which emerged as the lone bidder after forcing out keenly interested private players.\"We are waiting to hear from our headquarters. No company would sell at lower than market level. If the offer meets our expectations, a deal will be signed,\" said managing director of BG (India) Shaleen Sharma, who was earlier the GGCL head.A statement issued on behalf of the company said, \"We would like to reiterate that GGCL is a business that continues to deliver shareholder value. There is no guaranteed outcome of the ongoing discussions for potential divestment.\"Market analysts, on reading the statement, interpreted it as concern expressed for the minority shareholders in GGCL who would get short-changed if a low bid is accepted. \"In this case, for a majority stake of 65.12%, there has to be a premium over the market price to leave some room for retail investors to make money,\" an Ahmedabad-based analyst said.On Friday, when the two parties last met, the talks had ended at GSPC's offer price of around Rs 300 when the closing price of the stock on the bourses was Rs 313. It further dipped to Rs 307 on Monday evening. Insiders said Adani Power was willing to bid up to Rs 425 and Torrent Power up to Rs 450 but they were sternly warned by the Narendra Modi government to refrain from bidding. Incidentally, the GSPC has not been able to bring about consensus over pricing with its consortium partners - Oil and Natural Gas Commission (ONGC) and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL).BG officials confirmed that the report sent to London clearly states that the stock got beaten down to the present low levels because of negative sentiment created by the case filed by the Gujarat government with the Competition Commission of India last year over a hike in tariff announced by GGCL in its market in South Gujarat. Mentioning that the bidding process appeared unfair, BG (India) has left the matter to its headquarters on whether to negotiate further with GSPC or invite fresh bids. If fresh bids are indeed invited, it will be interesting to see if Adani and Torrent muster the required courage to submit their quotes, and, will GSPC remain in a consortium with its uneasy central PSU allies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024721", "title": "Key Maoist leader Arnab held in Purulia", "text": "KOLKATA: Arnab Dam alias Bikram, a Maoist state committee member, was arrested in a Purulia village on Monday. This is the biggest success for security forces in Jangalmahal since the killing of Kishanji in November last year. Arnab had an AK-47 and 30 bullets but did not put up a fight.An IIT-Kharagpur dropout, 31-year-old Arnab was the mastermind behind gruesome incidents like the murder of seven members of a Forward Bloc family, and the abduction and murder of police inspector Partha Sarathi Biswas and teacher Saumyajit Basu in Purulia in the last three-four years, say police. Pressure from security forces and the killings of some of his trusted aides in encounters pushed him deeper and deeper into the Jharkhand border. The rigours of being constantly on the run took a toll on his health and he contracted tuberculosis. \"Security forces had information that Arnab would come to meet someone at Biramdih village in Balarampur on the foothills of Ayodhya hill range on Monday night. We were waiting for him,\" said DIG Midnapore range L K Meena. Sources said Bikram has already helped police recover three.303 rifles hidden in a village. Arnab, a science graduate, is a resident of Subhashgram near Sonarpur, South 24-Parganas, barely 20km from the city. His father is a retired judicial magistrate. He joined the Maoist student and youth wings in college and in 2001, expressed his wish to join the underground wing. Within a week, he was taking arms training in Jharkhand. He later sent to Chhattishgarh for further training. His educational background and sharp political knowledge quickly took him close to the senior leadership of the outfit and he was inducted as an important member of the party's Bengal state committee. He started his underground rebel career as Rakesh and was given charge of Purulia and the Bengal-Jharkhand border zone. As a leader of party's border regional committee he worked under the name of Surya. Another young Maoist leader Ranjit Pal alias Tarit was deputed to assist Arnab in Purulia. While Arnab worked on widening the political base of Maoists, Tarit was in charge of the military wing. They turned parts of Purulia into a liberated zone. Using the treacherous terrain of the Ayodhya range and the adjoining Dalma hills, they struck terror in villages. The Tarit-Arnab pair turned the Ayodhya platoon into the most deadly PLGA team in Bengal, say police. During the Lalgarh agitation, when Arnab took the alias Bikram, he and Tarit were asked to lead the border zone under the direct command of the party's \"eastern regional bureau\" while Kishanji was camping in Jhargram. They floated the Adibasi Mulabasi Janaganer Committee in Purulia as a frontal mass outfit like the Peoples Committee Against Police Atrocities in Lalgarh. Arnab was allowed to issue press releases, which suggests his importance in the party ranks. Party insiders say his political thought often clashed with Kishanji's and his press releases sometimes didn't match the party state committee line. Soon after the assembly polls, he was instructed to stop issuing separate press releases. Cornered, his situation became difficult when Tarit was withdrawn from the Purulia front. In the middle of the internal turmoil, the Purulia Maoist unit lost several important members. Some were arrested, many others killed. Bikram was forced to retreat with a small band of rebels into the remotest parts of the Ayodhya range. Sources hinted that the differences of political opinion Arnab had with the leadership may have led him to part ways with the party. Police feel confident that with his help they can track down Tarit and get details of the Maoist strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024357", "title": "15-yr-old boy kidnapped for 10,000 ransom, let off", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified bikers kidnapped a 15-year-old boy Gopikumar on Monday night in order to force his uncle to return money he had borrowed.They took Gopikumar, who worked at his uncle Bhoopathy Kumaran's iron scrap workshop at Singaperumal Koil in Kancheepuram, to a forest and snatched his mobile phone. They spoke to Kumaran on the cellphone and demanded that he pay 10,000 for the boy's release.However, Kumaran informed police who traced the kidnapper's location through Gopikumar's cellphone. As the police teams zeroed in on the kidnappers, they let off the boy. Police said preliminary investigations revealed that two persons often bring copper and bronze cables and collect money from Kumaran. \"Though Kumaran didn't have their contact numbers, he told the police that he may be able to identify the kidnappers,\" a police officer said.Based on Kumaran's complaint, police registered a case and launched a manhunt for the abductors. Police have picked up two suspects in connection with the kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025558", "title": "Ex-deputy sarpanch of Nanded village killed", "text": "PUNE: Former deputy sarpanch of Nanded village and Haveli taluka president of the Shiv Sena , Pandurang Ramchandra Ambike (42), was beaten to death late on Monday night at Dhayari.Three men, Raju Baban Devne (23) and Vikas Rajendra Bhandari (21), both residents of Nanded Phata and Vasant Dattatreya Babar (22) of Jambhe village in Haveli, have been arrested. Senior police inspector Shivajirao Deokar of the Haveli police station said that Ambike was returning home on his scooter after a visit to the doctor around 10 pm when the murder took place. He said it was the result of a previous enmity.The trio stopped Ambike after he had passed the Dhayari phata and assaulted him with weapons. Ambike received 17 blows to his face and hands. Residents of the area rushed him to a nearby private hospital but he was declared dead on arrival.Additional superintendent of police (Pune rural) Ravindrasingh Pardeshi visited the spot. \"We arrested the trio on Tuesday on a tip-off,\" Deokar said. He said Ambike ran a grocery shop at Nanded Phata. The men arrested would hang around outside his shop and Ambike had fought with them on several occasions for standing near his shop. Deokar said the men then hatched a plot to eliminate Ambike.Ambike and his wife were elected gram panchayat members during the recent elections. He is survived by his wife, three daughters and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023429", "title": "Each RTI application to Allahabad HC costs Rs 500: PIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: The average per capita income of a person in Uttar Pradesh may be Rs 70 per day, but if s/he had a question on state judiciary under the Right to Information (RTI) Act then the applicant has to pay Rs 500.A PIL complaint to the Supreme Court that excessive fee demanded under the new RTI rules framed by the Allahabad High Court to entertain an RTI plea was hindering citizen's right to know and requested for its quashing.A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar issued notice on the PIL filed by NGO 'Common Cause' after hearing advocate Prashant Bhushan, who said given the average per capita income a person needed to spend his entire week's earning to file an RTI query in the HC or district court.The new rules of the HC said: \"Each application shall be accompanied by cash or draft or pay order of Rs 500 drawn in favour of the Registrar General, High Court, Allahabad, or the district judge of the district court concerned as the case might be.\"The NGO said the Centre in April, 2011, had issued a notification asking the states and competent authorities to review their Fee Rules and fix the RTI application fee in consonance with the charge prescribed by the Union government in the Right to Indomation (Regulation of Fee and Cost) Rules, 2005, under which the application fee prescribed was Rs 10.The Supreme Court has accepted the fee prescribed by the Union government, but repeated requests by the Central Information Commission to the HC for revising the hefty fees had not yielded any result, the petitioner said.\"Rule 4 and 5 of the Allahabad HC (RTI) Rules, 2006, made in pursuance of Section 28 of RTI Act, 2005, prescribe an exorbitant fee of Rs 500 and impose an inflated cost of Rs 15 per page of information to be supplied, thus impeding the access to information for the cast majority of the population that is not economically advanced,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023361", "title": "No hike in DTC fares", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cabinet has rejected the proposal to hike fares of Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) buses. The proposal, made after the recent increase in CNG fuel prices, was expected to bolster DTC revenues. However, chief minister Sheila Dikshit announced that there was no decision to increase tariff at present. Instead, the Delhi government was making efforts to increase revenue generation by bringing down the number of ticketless passengers on the network.\"There is no proposal to hike the tariff,\" said Dikshit. The CM also appealed to people to buy tickets while travelling on DTC buses. \"Around 20 to 30 per cent people don't buy tickets while travelling in these buses. If we can make them buy tickets then the revenue position of DTC will improve significantly,\" Dikshit said.Following the recent hike of CNG prices in the capital by Rs 2.90 per kg, DTC has been pressing for an increase in tariff citing losses. CNG costs Rs 38.35 per kg in the capital. Autorickshaw and taxi unions have also been demanding hike in tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15029221", "title": "Abused kids face elevated cancer risk", "text": "Frequent abuse by a parent can elevate a child's cancer risk in adulthood - especially when mothers abuse daughters and fathers their sons, a new study says .Abuse includes constant belittling, shaming and humiliating a child, exposure to violence or abuse of others (emotional); severe disciplining, such as corporal punishment (physical); and failing to provide for a child's basic needs - adequate food, clothing, hygiene, or supervision (neglect).\"People often say that children are resilient and they'll bounce back, but we found that there are events that can have long-term consequences on adult health,\" said Kenneth Ferraro, professor of sociology at the Purdue University Centre, the Journal of Aging and Health reports.\"In this case, people who were frequently emotionally or physically abused by their parents were more likely to have cancer in adulthood. Overall, the more frequent and intense the abuse, the more it elevated the cancer risk,\" added Ferraro, according to a Purdue statement.\"We would like to see child abuse noted as an environmental factor that can increase cancer occurrence in adulthood. More research on this topic also could help mediate the effects or improve interventions to help abused children,\" he added.Ferraro, who conducted the study with gerontology graduate student Patricia Morton, said: \"We started examining a variety of childhood misfortunes, including abuse, and when these were all combined, we found that men with the most stressors during childhood were more likely to develop cancer.\"\"Other studies have shown that if a mother smokes, the daughter is more likely to smoke, and the same relationship is found when sons mirror their father's behaviour,\" Morton said.\"More research is needed, but another possibility is that men may be more likely to physically abuse their sons, and mothers are more likely to physically abuse their daughters,\" added Morton.The study's findings were based on survey data from 2,101 adults in two waves of the National Survey of Midlife Development in the US.Abuse was one of many childhood misfortunes - including poverty, loss of parent and family educational status - that researchers examined to determine if there was a link to cancer in adulthood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024205", "title": "Roads after RD, Satyen? KMC can't decide", "text": "KOLKATA: What is common among Satyendranath Bose, Jaiprakash Narayan, Debabrata Biswas and Rahul Dev Burman? These legends still don't have a street in Kolkata named after them.Proposals are pouring into the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) headquarters to rename streets after these luminaries. Though a stretch of CIT Road (from Phoolbagan to Ultadanga) was renamed after Satyen Bose, family members of the scientist, whom many consider the pioneer of the God particle, recently requested the civic top brass to rename another road near Bose's Hedua house after him. However, members of the KMC road renaming committee have agreed that renaming another road after Bose would be kept on hold till a proper stretch of a major thoroughfare is identified for the purpose.Alongside this proposal are ones from cultural organizations to rename city streets after Jaiprakash Narayan, Debabrata Biswas and Rahul Dev Burman. However, members of the road renaming committee are yet to decide on it. In fact, these proposals have been pending for several months. Though the committee members are yet to identify major thoroughfares to be renamed after them, some on the panel have come up with alternative proposals.\"Members of the road renaming committee have proposed renaming Dhakuria bridge after Jaiprakash Narayan. This can be done since we don't have to delete someone's name to rename the bridge after the anti-Emergency crusader. Similarly, a part of Gariahat Road (south) can be renamed after Rahul Dev Burman who spent his childhood nearby. But, this is just a proposal and no concrete decision has been taken yet,\" said a KMC official. No road has yet been identified to be renamed after Rabindra Sangeet exponent Debabrata Biswas, said a civic official.Members of the KMC road renaming committee met a fortnight ago. They discussed names of other legends. Committee chairman Joy Goswami said they would meet again shortly to help identify roads to be renamed. \"We discussed a proposal to rename a city street after Satyen Bose. We have conveyed our recommendation to the mayor. Now, it is up to him to decide on it,\" Goswami said. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said it was difficult to identify a proper stretch of a major thoroughfare to be renamed after the scientist of international repute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15023860", "title": "'Strike will not affect district supplies'", "text": "NASHIK: The strike called by transporters against the installation of 'speed governors' in vehicles, is not likely to affect supplies in Nashik as none of its transport organizations are participating in the strike, district officials said.The strike is slated to begin on Wednesday.District supply officer, Mahesh Patil said the administration would step in strike called by the transporters was unlikely to affect Nashik and even in case of eventuality the administration would step in to ensure that distribution of supplies was smooth.\"The contractor with the Public Distribution System (PDS) is not the party to the strike neither are the transporters related to any of the fuel supplying companies. Even the liquefied petroleum gas suppliers have not participated in the strike which hardly means any issue,\" Patil said adding that the administration had instructed all the concerned to be in touch with the officials in any case of emergency so that the administration would step in.\"If any body tried to force or disrupt civic supplies they will face action under Essential Commodities Act,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "15024954", "title": "NHAI cries go unheard as illegal liquor vends dot NH1", "text": "PANIPAT: Break the law of the land, when it comes to revenue generation. This is the apparent policy of district excise and taxation department as well as district administration, who are allegedly ignoring missives from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), regarding removal of liquor vends falling under the latter's jurisdiction.According to information provided by NHAI under Right to Information Act (RTI) to P P Kapoor, this has been happening for the past two years. Similarly, RTI information provided by district excise and taxation department (copy with TOI) expressed inability to remove the vends, saying that they were contributing Rs 13 crore per annum to the state exchequer.RTI information provided by NHAI said that missives were sent to district administration as well as district SP for providing backup support by police force for demolishing 17 liquor vends, running in violation of NHAI Act.All these structures are operating between 66 KM milestone and 96 KM milestone on NH 1.\"My idea of putting RTI query was to verify NHAI's claims as to what stops them from bringing down the structures of liquor vends. I was forced to take this route due to nuisance on roads and nearby areas on account of existence of liquor vends on both sides of Ambala-New Delhi national highway,'' said Kapoor.The RTI information showed that NHAI had in April last year forwarded a list of 17 illegal vends and liquor shops to the then Panipat SP, Kapoor said.\"As repeated reminders sent to district police failed, NHAI project director had informed police chief, seeking help to bring down the structure on their own. The communication to police department was made after district administration and concerned department failed to act on NHAI requests, which began two years ago,'' Kapoor said, quoting the RTI reply.Interestingly, when Kapoor moved another RTI application with the excise and taxation department regarding the validity of these structures and why the department had given them licenses, the assistant excise and taxation commissioner stated that the government gets a revenue or Rs 13 crore a year from these illegal liquor shops and thus, bringing these down would cost the state exchequer dearly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15025421", "title": "Steamy remix: Classics to get shades of grey", "text": "LONDON: Beloved classics like Jane Austen's 'Pride and Prejudice' , 'Jane Eyre' and 'Wuthering Heights' are getting a steamy makeover following the success of EL James' erotic novel 'Fifty Shades of Grey'.An enterprising publisher has decided to release a raunchy remix of the classics under 'Clandestine Classics' collection where the old texts have been twisted to include more racy scenes. The publisher is free to adapt the classics as the copyright on the original titles has lapsed. The series will be available as e-books but may be made into printed copies if the e-version is successful.Other titles to be published in the series include Austen's 'Northanger Abbey' , Arthur Conan Doyle's stories featuring Sherlock Holmes and Jules Verne's '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea' , the Daily Mail reported.In the new version of 'Pride and Prejudice' Elizabeth thinks Darcy is 'hot and spicy' while Sherlock Holmes is having a sexual relationship with his sidekick Dr Watson .The changes are bound to invite the wrath of devoted Austen, Charlotte Bronte and Conan Doyle fans.Ann Channon, from Jane Austen's House Museum, said, \"I feel it's almost desperate. In 'Pride and Prejudice' everything is already there but people are too lazy to bother to understand. There will be a lot of Jane Austen fans banging drums about this and kicking up a fuss.\"'Fifty Shades of Grey' , written by EL James, has become the fastest-selling book of the year.Hollywood has already bought the movie rights of the book, which revolves around the relationship between a college graduate, Anastasia Steele, and a young business magnate, Christian Grey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027078", "title": "Kat\u2019s birthday car-naama", "text": "Wary of how her birthday parties have been hijacked by the temperamental men in her life, Kat Kaif wrinaent decidedly low key this year. The actress, who turned a year older on Monday, worked throughout the day - she was dubbing at the Yash Raj Studios till late in the evening.She cut a cake with the crew of Yash Chopra's film there. But after reaching home, she headed out for a quiet dinner with the only family she has in Mumbai - Salman Khan's. Interestingly, the actress managed to give the paparazzi a slip by riding in her new birthday gift - a sparkling new SUV from Salman. A source told TOI, \"Katrina came back home from YRF studios to change. And then headed out in the new black car. She spent some time with her friends (mostly assistant directors) and choreographer Bosco in a Bandra restaurant. It was pretty late in the night when she reached Galaxy Apartments, Salman's residence for a quiet dinner with Salma, Salim and Arpita Khan.\" An eyewitness, who was present outside Galaxy Apartments, confirmed the story and added, \"The number plate, 8822, is similar to that of her old car 2882. It was a brand new car so no one really expected Katrina to be in it.\"Incidentally, Salman is a brand ambassador of the car brand in question. And it was only natural that he help Kat upgrade to the higher model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024461", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike shuts down Gandhinagar hotel", "text": "BANGALORE: Next time when you go out to eat, make sure the stuff on your plate is not leftover food or stale meat.During an inspection conducted by BBMP's standing committee (health) members and officials on Tuesday, a deluxe restaurant in Gandhinagar was found supplying stale meat and chicken and stinking chatnipudi to customers.\"The kitchen had no concept of hygiene and norms laid down by BBMP were not followed. Such hotels are affecting public health. It was immediately shut down,\" said BBMP in its official press release.The team inspected two more hotels in Vasanthnagar and found lack of hygienic practices. Notices were issued to both hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024379", "title": "Lakshman Seth walks free after 121 days", "text": "KOLKATA: After spending 121 days in jail, former CPM MP Lakshman Seth stepped out of Alipore Correctional Home on Tuesday morning. But the scenes were a stark contrast to February 5, when CPM MLA Sushanta Ghosh walked free after 180 days in custody. The pomp and splendour with which Ghosh was given a hero's welcome was strangely missing on Tuesday. Weeping faces and emotional party diehards who'd come to Kolkata from Seth's bastion in Haldia.However, innumerable Seth loyalists thronged the jail gates to receive their leader.Usha Dhara, 57, almost missed Seth. With a limp in her right ankle, she reached the jail from Haldia's Kukrahati around 11am - a good 25 minutes after the tainted leader had left the jail gates. She was lucky. By that time, Seth's car barely managed to inch ahead 100 meters as jubilant party supporters held sway over the Judges Court Road. Dhara managed to get near Seth's car and hand him over the small flower bouquet she carried with her from Haldia. She couldn't hold back her tears holding on to Seth's hands. \"Sob thik hoye jabe (everything will be okay,\" the leader assured her.Usha, along with her companion Smriti Giri, are CPM flagbearers to whom Seth remains an indisputable leader. Giri, barely able to see properly, said, \"The jubilation in Haldia is much more. People are on the streets. Whatever is Haldia today is because of him. We are very happy to have met him. We are all in CPM for him.\"Stepping out of the jail, Seth was very guarded in his reaction. \"I am happy that I have been allowed bail. I have faith on the legal system. But I'm also saddened since many of my partworkers are still in jail. I hope that they will also be released soon,\" he said.Seth's wife Tamalika Panda Seth, recently re-elected as the Haldia municipality chairman, along with senior CPM leaders Rabin Deb and Deepak Dasgupta, were also present. Tamalika merely smiled when asked whether she is happy but curtly replied when asked where Seth would stay, \"He has to stay in Kolkata, perhaps in some rented place where the party decides.\"Lest their presence be read otherwise, Deb said, \"Seth is a member of the CPM East Midnapore district secretariat and is a victim of political vendetta unleashed on CPM leaders and supporters by the Trinamool-led government.\"On Friday, a Calcutta high court division bench of justice Ashim Kumar Roy and justice Toufique Uddin had cited the Sushanta Ghosh bail order by Supreme Court (Susanta Ghosh v. State of West Bengal, reported in (2012) 2 SCC 680) which said \"tampering with the evidence or the investigation is not relevant after the charge-sheet is submitted\", to grant Seth bail. The court had imposed stringent bail conditions which mandates Seth can't enter East Midnapore, unless for court hearings and shall report to the Investigating Officer (IO) of the case thrice in every week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024877", "title": "Deposit forfeit for false habeas corpus petition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hardik Solanki had to pay Rs 25,000 to Gujarat high court as penalty for making a false statement in a habeas corpus petition seeking custody of his wife.Solanki, a youth from Himmatnagar, moved the high court saying that his wife, Kiran was detained illegally by her father Suresh Solanki. He requested the court to free his wife from her father's clutches.Solanki met Kiran six years ago during a wedding. They fell in love and were married in January this year. They didn't tell anyone about their marriage and returned to their respective families. When they announced their marriage, Kiran's family did not accept it. According to Solanki, he got a phone call from his wife asking him to free her and he then filed the petition saying that his father-in-law had detained his wife.However, when the court inquired into the case, it was found that Suresh had died three years ago, in 2009. This revelation led the youth to withdraw his petition. At a time of issuance of notice, the court had asked him to deposit Rs 25,000 to show his bona fide.The high court has been making habeas corpus petitioners deposit a certain amount for quite some time now. This is because most habeas corpus petitions are filed by parents of girls, who elope with their boyfriends. Such petitions are filed on the pretext that the girl has been illegally detained by the boy. When the claims are proved wrong, the court confiscates the amount of deposit.In this case too, Solanki had paid the amount to show that his claim was true. When the court came to know that the girl's father was already dead, the petitioner sought to withdraw the petition but the HC permitted him to withdraw only after ordering that the amount he deposited should be transferred to the Gujarat State Legal Services Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15023767", "title": "Police thwart blackmail attempt by criminals to fleece money from a person by blackmailing", "text": "KOCHI: Kalamassery police on Tuesday thwarted the blackmail operation run by a gang of criminals after they asked the victim to pay a hefty sum after obtaining a video of him and a woman in a compromising position. Police said they arrested 11 persons, including two women, in connection with the case.The arrested were Saji Mathew (36) of Thrikkakara, Ansar(35), Jibin (26) - both from Aluva, Prasanna (34), Vinod (36) and Prakash (34) from Kalamassery, Sijo Joseph (33) of Karrukutty, Khairunissa (42) of Vengola, Raji (23) of Aluva and Antony(32) of Aluva. Police said they investigated the activities of the racket based on a complaint filed by Aluva resident Vinod Kumar, who was being blackmailed by the gang.According to police, Saji happened to meet Vinod Kumar in Pune and they developed a good rapport in due course. When Vinod reached Aluva last month, Saji took him to an apartment near Cochin international airport at Nedumbasserry. It was alleged in the complaint that Vinod was forced to remove his clothes. Later, the gang member took pictures and videographed him with a woman in a compromising manner.After taking pictures, the gang members threatened Vinod that they will circulate the pictures if he did not pay them Rs 10 lakh. Police added that the gang members had conducted a thorough back ground check on Vinod to ensure that he had enough assets to give them money. \"All the accused arrested in connection with the case have previous criminal records. They came together and formed this new modus operandi to fleece money from people,\" police officials said. The arrested were produced before the Aluva judicial first class magistrate court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15025059", "title": "Air Force shoots down airport land claim", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three days after the Navy refused to let go of 6.38acre of land earmarked for the expansion of Coimbatore airport, the Air Force has stated that 122 acre of land under its possession can't be given for the same purpose. While the Navy has started constructing a 6-foot wall around its property, the Air Force authorities has said that the land is crucial for the force as it plans to establish a flying unit there.Group captain G Edward told TOI that Air Force has not agreed to let the airport authorities acquire its property. \"Revenue officials and airport authority had approached us for the land. However, we never expressed any willingness to hand over the land,'' he said.It seems the long awaited expansion of Coimbatore airport ran into rough weather with the Air Force coming out in open refusing to handover about 122 acres of land under its possession to the ambitious project, which was expected to bring international flights to the cotton city. The refusal comes hardly three days after the Indian Navy has started constructing a six- foot compound wall to its 6.38 acre property close to the air port saying the land would not be handed over for the purpose of airport expansion at any circumstances.Talking to TOI, Air Force Group Captain G Edward denied newspaper reports claiming that the force had already given NOC to the airport expansion plan by acquiring the land property owned by it very close to the existing airport terminus. Both the revenue officials and airport authority have approached us requesting to handover the land. We never ever expressed any willingness to hand over the land,'' he said.According to Edward, Air Force acquired the land close to the airport is very crucial for the Air Force as it is planning to establish an air force flying unit there.the land in the 1940s. \"Air Force was unable to use it properly because it was taken over by Airport Authority of India after independence. It was after prolonged efforts that we got back the land,'' said Edward.According to him, ownership of the land now rests with the Defence Estate Office in Chennai. \"Air Force has no right to transfer the land for any other purposeas the custodian is Defence estate officer. Even the estate officer is incapable of handing over the land to airport as he can act only as per directives of Air Force brass. The force considers it very crucial and theflying unit will come up there very soon,'' he added.Navy also has plans for the property that lies close to the airport. According to highly placed sources, even the Army does not want to part with its land for the airport until it is given alternative land at a suitable location.With all the three forces refusing to blink and a protest brewing among people whose land has been earmarked for acquisition, it could take a while for the expansion plan to take off.The airport authority has been struggling for the past two years to acquire 530acre of land from local residents. Land prices have shot up in the vicinity of the airport since the city has expanded to reach the area. District administration has proposed property owners be compensated at the rate of Rs1crore per acre. While the state government has been silent on the proposal which mean an enormous financial load, local residents are adamant that they would not let their land be acquired in any circumstance.Interestingly, the new developments have come about just a few weeks after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh named Coimbatore among four other emerging cities slated to have international airports.\"The decision to expand Coimbatore's customs airport and make it an international one was taken three years ago by the AAI and the then DMK government agreed to hand over the required land. AAI has already set aside Rs300crore for the development of infrastructure including the runway and the new terminal and the final construction plan is ready. But nothing has happened in the last two years because of lack of funds for land acquisition,'' a senior officer of AAI who didn't want to be identified said.\"If there is no land, expansion is impossible. But we are hopeful that the existing hurdles would be overcome as we are all part of the Union government. It is a pet project of the Prime Minister and we hope all issues would be settled amicably,'' says Peter K Abraham, airport director. If the expansion drive is implemented, the proposed international airport will have an extended runway of 12,000 ft (it is 9,900 ft at present). Trade bodies in the city believe a larger airport would boost the economy of the region and help businesses growThis will facilitate the landing and takeoff of wide-bodied and fat-bellied international flights, boosting growth in Western Tamil Nadu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024484", "title": "Families evicted from National Fire Service College campus land", "text": "NAGPUR: Showing how easy it is to encroach upon even prime lands in city, more than 100 families evicted from National Fire Service College campus land in Raj Nagar, have now settled on a patch just behind 'Ramgiri'- the official residence of Maharashtra chief minister in Nagpur.In April, NMC's anti-encroachment squad removed almost 500 slum dwellers from the land owned by meant for NFSC campus. In spite of having a special slum rehabilitation authority, the civic body failed to rehabilitate the displaced dwellers properly. Now many of them have encroached upon the open space on either side of a canal behind CM's bungalow in Civil Lines.Team TOI visited the area on Tuesday morning and found these shanties coming up very close to the Ramgiri helipad. Some dwellers claimed that they were encouraged to settle here by some elected representatives but refused to divulge names. The area even has public water tap for the dwellers. They also steal power from overhead lines.Civil Lines is supposed to be a high security zone as it houses not only the bungalows of CM, deputy CM, command house of IAF, Police Gymkhana etc. There are other crucial establishments like atomic energy, intelligence bureau, MECL, WCL close by. Bungalows and quarters of senior officers and high court judges are in the vicinity.This encroachment has exposed general apathy of authorities. \"Not just the NMC but city police should also be held responsible for allowing this to happen,\" said a group of regular morning walkers in the area. They also wondered how, in spite of senior police officers living and visiting the area regularly, encroachments could up on such a vast scale. Many illegal religious structures have also come up in the area.DCP (zone-II) M Y Sirum, whose office is in the area, said he was not aware of any unauthorized slums behind CM's bungalow. He, however, assured that he would visit the area. \"If I come across any such illegal locality, I would convey this to my higher-ups,\" said Sirum falling short of an assurance to have it removed.In the absence of any stern steps by authorities, slums are mushrooming at an alarmingly rate in the city. There is at least one slum in each of city's 145 wards. There is no instance of any official or politician making an effort to curb such localities.There are around 100 shanties in the area and they did not come overnight. In the recent past, labourers from Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh are said to be behind growing slums. These labourers grab open government land aided and abetted by unscrupulous politicians. Though city police blame slums for rise in incidence of theft, drinking and immoral activities they too do nothing about despite having powers to remove unauthorized constructions. Despite repeated attempts, Mangalwari zone's assistant municipal commissioner R Bhivgade could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026051", "title": "NCR to rope in agencies for pest, rodent control", "text": "KANPUR: To tackle pest and rodent menace at the railway stations and in the AC and the non-AC coaches of trains, the authorities of North Central Railways (NCR) have hired a Piped Piper. For this purpose, services of professional agencies have been hired by NCR which would prevent and control pests and rodents in all coaches based at Kanpur, Allahabad, Jhansi, Gwalior, Mathura, Agra Cantt and Agra Fort.The decision to this affect was taken as coaches of Indian Railways are unique in the sense that they serve as living room, dining room with an attached toilet and even as playground for the toddlers travelling with their parents. Passengers take breakfast, lunch and dinner on long distance trains with inevitable consequences of morsels of leftover accumulating on the floors of coaches.The leftover food attracts these pests and rodents into the coaches and help sustain their existence. The conditions have become progressively more favourable for sustenance of pests and rodents with the increasing number of air-conditioned coaches and pantry cars on trains.General manager, NCR, Ashok Johri, has been alive to the situation and all the coach maintenance depots over NCR have started following a pest and rodent control regimen which involves periodic disinfestation of coaches using approved pesticides.\"Pest and rodents have a knack for spreading out in all directions from whatever they happen to be lodged. Thus, when a coach is stabled for maintenance in the coach maintenance depot, pests and rodents infest the hitherto disinfected coaches. It was, therefore, decided to include the maintenance depot premises also in the scope of disinfection which is contracted out,\" informed Sandeep Mathur, chief public relations officer, NCR.He said under the new system, both the depot area and pit line are also included in the contract and work has now been awarded to M/s Central Warehousing Corporation for approximately 350 coaches based at Allahabad depot.As per the contract agreement, pest and rodent control treatment at Allahabad is being given in AC coaches during every trip and in non-AC on weekly basis. Besides, glue boards are being placed on board in all AC coaches for the entire onward/return journey for en-route requirement and to escorting staff to attend to specific requirement/complaint en-route.Coaching depots areas, including coach maintenance, washing and stabling areas, have also been covered under the contract. The treatment includes strategic placement of baits to bring infestation under control.Active rodent rodent burrows are being identified and treated with aluminium phosphide fumigant tables and laced food attractant baits. All dead rodents are being disposed off suitably, said Mathur.He also added that the efficacy of the control treatment is also being monitored using specified assessment procedure. This ensures that the effectiveness is regularly monitored and changes in treatment, as felt necessary, are implemented in a time-bound manner.In the next three months, NCR would adopt similar ways for other coaching depots. The same exercise will soon be followed at Kanpur Central railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023818", "title": "DSPs 'trained' to implement anti-tobacco law", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Police appear to be serious about making state citizens shun tobacco with the department in collaboration with Cancer Awareness Society organizing a state-level workshop on Tuesday for its DSP-rank officers on how to effectively implement the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA).Organizers said the workshop was aimed at sensitizing the police officers to the dangers of tobacco consumption as well as the urgent need to enforce the punitive measures provided for in Sections 4 to 6 of the Act. \"Section 4 prohibits smoking in public places, and its violation can invite a penalty of up to Rs200. The onus to ensure the rule is being followed is on the person who is in charge of the place. Found lax, s/he would be fined Rs200 multiplied by the number of offences,\" special branch DIG told the officers.Likewise, Section 6 of the Act prohibits sale of tobacco products to minors and also makes it mandatory that there would be no shop selling tobacco products in the radius of 100 yards of educational institutions. The violators will be fined Rs200. Section 5 bans direct or indirect advertisement of tobacco products, and its violation will invite penalty of Rs1000 or imprisonment for two years. If the offence is repeated, the offender would be fined Rs5000 or sentenced to imprisonment for five years.The workshop was inaugurated by the DGP Abhayanand. Those who addressed the officers included National Tobacco Control Programme director Amal Pushp and state education department's principal secretary Amarjeet Sinha.CID DIG K K Singh said DSP-rank officers have been nominated in districts as nodal officers of the task force for the purpose. The data would be collected on a monthly basis and discussed in the monthly crime meeting of the district police. The details would be then sent to the home ministry and the state health society.Pushp hailed the initiative of Bihar Police. \"This is probably the first workshop of its kind in the country. This will go a long way in controlling the menace in the state,\" he said.Addressing the workshop, Amarjeet Sinha said students should be used to spread the message far and wide. \"Very soon, a monthly social fest will be organized in each of the state's 73 thousand primary schools and the children would be made aware of the health hazards caused by the tobacco,\" he said.Earlier, eminent surgeon Dr A A Hai made a presentation on the adverse impact tobacco consumption caused to human health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15025000", "title": "Two labourers die in a road accident on SP Ring Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two labourers working on SP ring road died and three got injured as a mini truck lost control and turned turtle on them in an accident. The injured were taken to Gandhinagar civil hospital as police started search for absconding truck driver.According to Adalaj police officials, the incident took place at 4.15 pm on Tuesday when the mini truck with open trailer rammed into an SUV near Amiyapur crematorium. The SUV in turn rammed into a tractor. Due to impact of the accident, the truck went out of control and got dragged by a few feet before turning turtle on the road divider.\"A few labourers were working on the divider at that time. They tried to flee but before they could leave the spot safely, the trailer attached to the truck fell on a group of labourers,\" said an Adalaj police official. \"In the accident, Hansa Thakor, 22, a resident of Khoraj, and Lalbhai Meena, 24, a resident of Himmatnagar, died at the spot. Three others including a woman sustained severe injuries and were taken to the hospital by EMRI 108.\"Investigators said that the driver of the truck, suspected to be injured, fled from the spot. Chandrakant Patel, a resident of Ognaj and labour contractor, filed a complaint against him for the accident with Adalaj police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024634", "title": "Three die in Kurnool road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons were killed when an RTC bus rammed into a speeding lorry in Kurnool district, while 22 passengers of an RTC bus had a miraculous escape on Tuesday when the bus caught fire in Krishna district. This is when the state-run road transport corporation is planning a road safety and accident-free week all over the state from July 23.In the first mishap, both the drivers of the RTC bus and the lorry and a bus passenger were killed when the bus collided with the lorry at Boddemanuru village in Vuyyalawada mandal in Kurnool in the early hours. Six other passengers were injured and they were taken to Kurnool hospital.In the second accident near Vellatur village of G Konduru mandal in Mylavaram constituency, the CNG-run bus caught fire following a technical snag in the CNG tank. Half of the bus was burnt. The alert driver, however, stopped the bus soon after noticing the fire and disembarked the passengers. The bus was heading to Mylavaram from Vijayawada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025014", "title": "CM to meet Montek Singh Ahluwalia today for plan approval", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will meet Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia to seek his approval for UP's 12th Plan on Wednesday. The meeting will see the CM making a strong pitch for an all-round development of UP, apart from seeking approval for the state plan, whose size is Rs 3.61 lakh crore for the plan period from 2012 to 2017. For the current fiscal, the state government has also proposed to increase the annual plan size from existing Rs 47,000 crore to Rs 57,000 crore.Among key targets set by the state government during the 12th Plan period, the chief minister has promised to create 10 million jobs and achieve a 10% growth rate for UP.Apart from the overall growth goals, the state has also set sights on achieving 5% growth in the agriculture sector, 11.2% in the industrial sector, and 11.9% growth for the service sector. The government has also proposed new policies for sugar, agriculture, food processing, biotechnology and renewal energy, apart from industrial development, higher education, IT and housing and rehabilitation.UP government has also made allocations to the tune of Rs 1,25,835.16 crore for developing energy, irrigation and traffic sectors, with the state deciding to connect all district headquarters by four-lane roads. In the area of human resource development, the state government has made an allocation of Rs 1.01 lakh crore. In the 12th Plan, the state government also aims to curtail the drop out rate of children from schools to below 5%. In 2011-12, the Planning Commission had cleared Rs 47,000 crore for UP.The allocation was Rs 5,000 crore more than the outlay in the previous fiscal. Uttar Pradesh was also awarded an additional central assistance of Rs 1,100 crore. However, with no chief minister present, the annual plan for the state was finalised at a meeting between plan panel and state government officials led by former chief secretary Anoop Mishra.Most chief ministers attend the annual meeting with the deputy chairman of Planning Commission to push for greater allocation for their states and exchange views with the country's highest planning body. After a gap of five years, Akhilesh will reverse the trend of absenteeism once again, when he meets the plan panel deputy chairman on Wednesday. Last year, discussions were held broadly on 17 sectors covering various departmental activities and programmes in the state. This year, in continuation of its goals, the government has decided to give details of its programmes and listed its priorities for poverty alleviation in all sectors.In the 12th Five Year Plan, UP also plans to emphasise its commitment to strengthen the manufacturing sector, apart from enhancing allocation for agricultural productivity and urban infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15024386", "title": "US eases visa application norms for Indians", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US has eased visa application norms for Indians wishing to travel to the country for business and leisure.Children under seven years of age are not required to appear for a non-immigrant visa interview after completed visa form is submitted. An applicant would not have to pay visa fees again if he reapplies after his application had been earlier kept on hold or shown pending for various reasons under section 221g of US visa rules.In Mumbai, the US consulate has opened over 40 windows. This has reduced the waiting time for a visa interview with a consular officer to one hour as compared to three hours earlier.The consulate has further upgraded its emergency appointment module for applicants seeking visas in case of unforeseen travel. Such applicants would get an automated email text reply notifying the status of their request made for emergency appointment.The consulate shared this information at an interactive session held with travel agents, some of who are also members of Visit-USA committee at the consulate office in Bandra Kurla Complex. The session was held to explain relaxed visa norms to travel agents and who in turn can facilitate legitimate travel for their clients.Though they welcomed the US initiative, many travel agents still had concerns to many visa norms. They pointed out instances of the consulate denying visas to parents if their only son or daughter were residing in US. At times, students were denied visa for further studies though they had earlier visited the country as tourists. Some said there was resentment among travellers due to the interview sessions which tend to be a bit personal.US consular officials tried to allay fears, saying such instances are stray cases. \" We process almost 1,500 applicants a day. So, it depends on how the applicants are able to convince the visa officer the genuineness of his proposed visit. There have been instances where applicants have fudge data,\" said a consular officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15024411", "title": "Cops can't trace Madhumita Shukla murder main accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police on Tuesday failed to trace Prakash Chandra Pandey, a prime accused in the poetess Madhumita Shukla murder case who was given the life sentence by Uttarakhand High Court on Monday, even as he spoke to media houses through out the day from a location in east UP.Pandey was let off by the trial court for want of evidence, but the HC on Monday pronounced him guilty while upholding the life sentence of prime accused Amarmani Tripathi, his wife and two others.The police raided Pandey's home in Gorakhpur, but couldn't find him. Cocking a snook at cops, Pandey got in touch with a section of the media claiming he was very much in his village near Gorakhpur, and displaying the gall to say that he and his lawyer were waiting for a certified copy of the court order before deciding what to do next.\"Let my lawyer go through the court judgment in the next couple of days. We will then decide what to do next,\" Pandey told a media group on phone. It was later established that he had made the call from east UP.The police's failure to trace Pandey while he has been available for the media for comments raises questions about the how seriously is it pursuing his arrest. It's common knowledge that SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav had stood in defence of Amarmani in the Madhumita murder case on different occasions. Amarmani has been an SP MLA and minister during the course of his trial before he was convicted in 2007. He was with the BSP and a UP minister when Madhumita was killed in 2003.Incidentally, Amarmani has blatantly flouted prison norms, walking out of the jail to visit hospitals virtually at will since the SP returned to power, with the state government failing to act against him despite repeated media reports and complaints by Madhumita's family members.ADG police Jagmohan Yadav claimed efforts are on to trace Pandey and, if required, the special task force (STF) will called in. About why has the police failed to trace Prakash when he has been in constant touch with the media, Yadav said, \"We're looking into that as well.\"The CBI had arrested Pandey along with Amarmani, his wife Madhumani Tripathi, his nephew Rohit Chaturvedi and associate Santosh Rai before the charge-sheet was filed in the case. Prakash, accused of assisting in the murder, was, however, let off by the trial court in Nainital for want of evidence. The remaining four were given the life sentence and are in jail.But, delivering its final order on the appeal filled by the convicts, the HC found sufficient evidence against Prakash to merit a life sentence and ordered cops to ensure his arrest immediately. It was in this connection that the police claim to have raided Pandey's Gorakhpur residence without success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025198", "title": "Chandigarh\u2019s power demand all-time high in 5 yrs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city witnessed highest power demand of 350MW during this summer season. However, lack of preparedness, on the part of UT electricity department, was clearly visible which failed to install new sub-stations or replace damaged cables, despite being aware of the fact that there is an increase of 5% to 8% of consumers, both domestic and commercial, every year.The five year data, of peak power demand, available with UT electricity department indicates a prominent rise in power demand, with each passing year. Financial year 2008-09 experienced a demand of 279MW which shot up to 298MW in the financial year 2009-10, and took the demand to 333MW in 2010-11. In 2011-12 the demand was lesser by 9MW as the monsoon hit early that year, but in 2012-13 it has reached the highest peak ever at 350MW.Reasoning the steep hike in power demand, UT's superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"More societies and malls are being built because of which the load is shooting up - and it was primarily in the last few years that so much of construction work has taken place which demands heavy power supply. Another reason is lifestyle change of people in city as they have now started using more air conditioners instead of coolers.\"When asked why despite knowing the growth rate, unscheduled and scheduled power cuts are not avoided, Singh said, \"Consumers do not declare the load because of which we are unable to figure out the exact demand. We have already started up-gradation many sub stations.\"With the arrival of monsoon, the power supply demand came down by nearly 50MW. \"Had the monsoon been regular, the demand would have been much lesser by now,\" said another official from the electricity department, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025493", "title": "State's welfare scheme for labourers fails to take off", "text": "PUNE: The labour welfare cess, calculated at 1% of construction cost, has failed to improve the condition of construction workers in the state as nearly Rs 642 crore, meant for accident compensation and pension benefits for construction labourers and educational scholarships for their children, is lying unused with the government.State labour minister Hasan Mushrif admitted that there has been a delay in implementing the scheme, but he blamed the local self-government bodies for failing to transfer the funds to the state's coffers on time. The delay has resulted in slowing down the implementation of the scheme, he claimed.Speaking to TOI over phone, Mushrif said, \"It is true that the state government is lagging behind in implementing the schemes meant for construction workers, compared to states like Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. The main hurdle in implementing the scheme is the limited manpower at the labour department and non-transfer of cess amount to the department by municipal corporations and councils. Though the department has received Rs 642 crore till May this year, the actual amount should have been Rs 1,200 crore.\"Collection of the cess was made mandatory under The Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment &amp; Conditions of Service) Act, 1996. The state government notified the act in 2007, but the actual collection started more than a year back. The 1% cess is being levied on all public and private construction projects having an outlay of more than Rs 10 lakh.A senior labour department official said, \"Only 50,000 construction labourers in the state are registered with the department, while the actual number could be in lakhs. The manpower problem at the labour department was hampering the registration work. A large number of workers come from states like Orissa and Rajasthan. Speaking to them is a problem as they don't understand Hindi or Marathi. Moreover, they refuse to talk to government officials, fearing it could lead to some legal action, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025116", "title": "11 CMOs transferred", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health department issued transfer orders for 11 chief medical officers late on Tuesday evening. This is for the second round of transfers in the department. While health top brass claims that action has been taken against officials who failed to perform, transferred doctors said that it was just routine reshuffling.The new incharges of districts include: Dr Padmaker Singh has been sent to Allahabad, while Dr AK Gupta to Rae Bareli.Dr NC Singh and Dr Dinesh Sharma would be heading health services in Gorakhpur, and Panchsheelnagar respectively. Dr Brijendra Singh has been sent to Mathura and Dr Nandlal Yadav has been posted in Mau. Dr Sanjiv Gupta, Dr Desh Raj Singh and Dr Nirmala Yadav have been sent to Kushinagar, Rampur and Mahamayanagar respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024229", "title": "Another student offered Rs 10K for clearing exam", "text": "NAGPUR: Five days after TOI exposed how students' marks are being increased in exchange for money in Nagpur University (NU), one more student from Tulsiramji Gaikwad Patil College of Engineering approached this newspaper's office that similar offers were made to him.He claimed that he too came from the diploma background with first class, but was shocked to see that he was declared failed in all subjects of fourth semester exams. \"After this, a friend approached me claiming that he has contacts who would help me clear all subjects for Rs10,000. But I decided not to take that route,\" the student told TOI. He also made several complaints regarding deliberate inaccurate evaluation of papers and the inordinate delay in providing enrolment numbers to students - issues that have put him in a fix. Not just him, but some of his batch mates, who took admission in August, were also facing similar problems as they too have not received their enrolment numbers.However, Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane refused to buy the contentions stating that such students should come to them before approaching media. He also passed the buck about not giving enrolment numbers on directorate of technical education ( DTE) and shikshan shulk samiti stating that unless these bodies don't confirm admissions, NU can't enrol them.The students added that only three of the 20 students in his class cleared all subjects. \"Even the topper of the class did not pass in two subjects. I started to suspect foul play,'' he said, hinting that the students might have been purposely failed. His suspicion was confirmed when he was told about a marks-for-money racket going on in the university.He decided to apply for re-evaluation, but needed a photocopy of his mark sheet, which was denied to him as he has yet not been allotted an enrolment number, even though the university is supposed to assign the numbers by February of an academic year as per Clause 8 of Ordinance 1. He alleged that the university's lethargy and disregard for proper procedures was evident at each stage.\"The drastic changes in marks of many student after re-evaluation of their papers show that the papers are not corrected accurately. Then, when students want to get their answer sheets rechecked, they are unable to do so because enrolment numbers are not allotted in time. Even if we manage to submit answer sheets for re-evaluation, the entire process takes at least three to four months, during which we are told nothing about the status of our application,'' he said.He also expressed his dissatisfaction with the entire exam system, which, according to him, fleeces the students. Students are required to pay an examination fee of Rs2,365 to take all their papers. If they have to retake even a single subject, they have to pay the entire amount again and there is no provision for refund if they clear the re-exam.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15024934", "title": "Mother who attempted suicide critical", "text": "Mysore: Mubeena Taj, 37, who had attempted suicide along with four daughters on Monday is critical and has been put on a ventilator. Krishna Rajendra Hospital medical superintendent B G Sagar said that Mubeena is serious and is under observation. Taj's second daughter Sadia Banu, 16, too has developed respiratory problems and has been shifted to the ICU. The condition of the three daughters is stable, hospital staff said. Udayagiri police inspector K T Mathews said they are yet to record statements from them. Mubeena, wife of Noor Ahamed, a taxi driver, along with her four daughters Tanzia Banu, Sadia Banu, Afsa Banu and Fouzia Banu attempted suicide by consuming payasam laced with poison at their residence over a family issue.STUDENT HANGS HIMSELF A 22-year-old student was found hanging from a tree in rural Mysore on Tuesday. Yelwala police say Manu, 22, of Hootagalli was found hanging from a tree in Basavanpura. His family members suspect foul play. Manu, a degree student, spoke to a relative around 4pm. The incident came to light around 5.30pm. Mysore rural sub division DSP T Siddappa said they found a suicide note on him. Manu said that he is taking the drastic step as he was dejected with life. Police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024593", "title": "Defaulter puts two banks in a fix", "text": "NAGPUR: Jugglery by a loan defaulter is now leading the state's department of cooperatives to take on a cooperative bank. The department which is in-charge of liquidating assets mortgaged by borrowers with the defunct Samata Sahakari Bank is finding it difficult to find properties with a clear title in many cases.In one such instance is a 2,400 square feet plot at Sawarkar Nagar against dues to the tune of Rs21 crore. However, to its surprise, borrower Abhay Vaidya has also mortgaged it to Peoples Cooperative Bank of Hingoli district, to secure a Rs15 lakh loan. The bank has now taken the plot into its possession and liquidators of Samata Bank are ready to file a petition in high court to stake their claim on the land.Vaidya got the loan for a group of firms housed in a single office coincidentally in the same apartments where Samata Bank's main branch is located. Businesses ranging from construction to electronics had premises in different cubicles in the same flat. The department feels that the very purpose of creating such entities would have been to secure huge loans in which the involvement of the bank's insiders cannot be ruled out. Vaidya who was in custody, is out on bail, but there is no progress on the recovery of dues.The very land was offered as security to get a Rs11 crore loan from Samata Bank and Rs15 lakh from Peoples Bank. The dues have now swelled to Rs21 crore and Rs25 lakh respectively.The amount to Vaidya exceeds Samata Bank's exposure limit to a single group of businesses 10 times over, said a source. Even guarantors have denied giving their consent for the loan.Sources said that it's not possible to mortgage the same property without conniving with the bank's officials. The land was offered as equitable mortgage to Samata Bank which had the original papers. Unless an insider helped Vaidya to take away the papers, it cannot be offered as security to another bank, said a source.People's Bank wants to sell the land on its own even though it's ready to share the surplus with liquidators after recovering the amount due. The liquidators are however, not agreeing to the proposal, said sources.Vaidya has also offered a couple of plots measuring 1.2 lakh square feet at Kini village in Hingna Taluka. According to the documents accessed by liquidators, the land has already been sold to a third party. However, this was also mortgaged to the Akola Urban Cooperative which is learnt to have initiated steps to sell it to recover its dues, said the source.The banks' records also mention some other properties offered as security. But either the relevant papers are not there or the properties are occupied by some other person. For example there is a flat in Shivaji Nagar which is now being occupied by a third party. All the bank has is an agreement showing Vaidya as the buyer. But the flat was finally sold to a different person. So is the case in a two-storeyed house at Hanuman Galli in Sitabuldi and a plot at Jaiprakash Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023766", "title": "Threat to suspend flight operation over, for now", "text": "PATNA: The threat of Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to suspend the operation of big aircrafts at the Jayaprakash Narayan Airport is over, at least for now, after a meeting between officials of the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and Union ministry of environment and forest here last week.The officials agreed to reduce the approach funnel from the present 150 metres to 75 metres and immediately prune the trees at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park by nine metres. Over 100 trees have been marked for immediate pruning after a fresh survey carried out at the park. The high-rise trees are a major problem for pilots in approaching the funnel, forcing them to apply sudden break to land the aircrafts with a threat to the passengers. A team of the airport officials and the park had carried a survey in April and marked the trees above 25 feet height as A-0 to uproot them.The airport authorities convinced the Union ministry of environment and forest team from Bhubaneswar that pruning of the tall trees was urgent for the safe landing and full take-off roll of the big aircraft like Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 from the Patna airport.The major points discussed in the meeting were to conduct a fresh survey of the 2917 trees for pruning within a week, and the airport would be declared unfit for take-off and landing of Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 if the thick vegetation around the airport was not removed. In a survey held in April last, total 3,700 trees had been identified for pruning as well as uprooting, but the move was suspended following the state government's refusal to cut the trees.An official of the airport said it is not practical to change the airstrip. The standard landing distance available (LDA) at an airport is 1820 metres but at Patna airport it is only 1089 metres, which makes the landing of any big aircraft vulnerable to accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15024612", "title": "PM's persistence wins Mamata's support for Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a role reversal, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh donned the troubleshooter's hat to secure Trinamool's backing for Pranab Mukherjee, a success that has suddenly made UPA look strong when it appeared to be disintegrating under corruption charges and coalition troubles.The PM persisted with the Bengal chief minister, calling her more than twice over the last few weeks, to soften her after she nearly threatened to quit UPA over Mukherjee's nomination.Insiders confirmed that Singh played the political manager of his volition when other partymen were already engaged in wooing Mamata Banerjee. Ironic, that Singh should do for Mukherjee what the latter was credited with doing for UPA led by Singh. Many saw the PM's initiative as an attempt to rebuff the impression that he was not cut out for political management, more so now when he is needed to be one with the exit of his political manager.It was not the only role-reversal that marked Banerjee's nod to Mukherjee on Tuesday. In surrendering to Congress's pick for the president's post, the fire-breathing Bengal leader also changed from 'hunter' to 'hunted'. When Banerjee mocked Congress chief Sonia Gandhi to join hands with Mulayam Singh Yadav in a political ambush last month, it had seemed the Bengal party had caught its senior ally on the wrong foot. The high of that evening, however, proved transitory and Banerjee has since been cornered with no room to wriggle out.As a Congress leader said, Banerjee could not have backed the BJP candidate for its implications on her massive Muslim vote base while absention would have left open the possibility of defiance by a section of partymen, thereby compromising her authority. In fact, Congress's deftness in raising the pitch on \"Bengal pride\" forced her to reconsider her options.That Mukherjee did not call her once, forcing her to put his generic letter to legislators soliciting support on a social networking website, left her little room to claim victory. No wonder, the Trinamool chief cut a comic shot by telling reporters, \"I am extending support with a heavy heart.\"Ultimately, it is a turnaround for UPA which stands triumphant, although in a tiny electoral college, after a year of battering at the hands of rival BJP. The assured victory in the contest for president and V-P posts has handed a 'feel good' the ruling combine was chasing so desperately while its success in holding its flock together has added spring to its step.Though indirect elections have little to do with ground politics, it does not help NDA to look helpless in front of Congress after having threatened to make a match of it.Observers said the otherwise inconsequential elections may reinforce the belief that BJP lacks the coalition to best the post-2004 UPA. Critical saffron partners like Shiv Sena and JD(U) deserted them for the presidential contest. The Congress has claimed it did not venture out to woo them for the V-P poll because the ruling combine was snug with numbers, suggesting they could have poached again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025617", "title": "Gurgaon lights candle for Guwahati girl", "text": "GURGAON: Triggered by the Guwahati molestation case, a protest march and candlelight vigil was launched in the city on Tuesday evening, to raise a voice against such heinous crimes.The crowd of around 200 people marched down from HUDA city centre to Galleria. With the onset of darkness, they hoped that the light emanating from their candles, will drive away demons like molestation and rape tormenting our society.The march was the brainchild of Vaishali Gauba, 18 and Bahar Gulati, 18, students of Ryan International School, Bhondsi, who appeared for their board examinations this year.The immense support they received on a social networking site for voicing out their opinion on the issue, inspired them to go ahead with their intentions and initiate a movement to sensitize the public about such issues.It was not only working adults, but children as young as thirteen, marched participated in the protest march.With slogans asking for justice to banners reading 'rape tum karo, burqa main pehnun' (you rape, but I should wear a burqa), the angry youth sent out their message loud and clear. Banners with faces of the molesters printed on them were carried by some protesters as well.Salil Kathuria, a student of class twelve said, \"Twenty men molested a girl. We are here to demand justice for her. We hope this will help to prevent such incidents from taking place in future. Something like this is unacceptable. \"Bahar, now an alumnus of Ryan International School, Bhondsi, reiterated the same by saying \"We hope to bring about a change in the mentality. Clothes should not determine the character of a woman. The deputy commissioner consented to our request of organizing the protest march, with the motive of improving the society. \"The silent candlelight vigil encouraged all present to introspect the diseases plaguing modern India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15028932", "title": "Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad to recruit 100 more personnel", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) which is responsible for preventing, probing and detecting the terror related cases is short staffed. The ATS will be recruiting more men soon, said police sources.ATS was formed in 2003 after the twin blasts at Gateway of India and Zaveri Bazaar in Mumbai that collectively killed over 50. Its strength then was around 450 personnel. However, after the 26/11 terror attacks wherein ATS chief Hemant Karkare and 165 others were killed, the state government increased the size of the squad to 1000.\"However with the increasing menace of terrorism, we need more manpower and units in all the parts of the state. The state has assured to give 100 more personnel to ATS,\" said an officer. Currently the ATS has its five units in Mumbai, one each in Pune, Nagpur, Nasik, Aurangabad and Marathwada.\"We are trying to induct policemen with good intelligence and detection skills. Those who have worked in crime branch or any other specialised agency will be given preference,\" said a police source. Currently the ATS is headed by an additional DGP level officer with two additional police commissioners and three deputy commissioners of police as head of the units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15029042", "title": "Chiranjeevi plans mass contact programme aimed at image makeover", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an attempt to build up his image among the people, actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi is planning to fan out to districts in August. The star politician will engage himself in discussions with people to find out their pressing problems. Insiders in Chiranjeevi camp said a blueprint on the proposed tour of the state is being prepared.Sources said it would be modelled on the lines of chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's Indiramma Baata, a mass contact programme. \"\"Chiranjeevi wants to be in the midst of people and will have community lunch with villagers. He is also planning to have night halts in social welfare hostels,\"\" sources said. Though the elections are two years away, Chiranjeevi's efforts seem to indicate that he wants to play a bigger role in the state politics, analysts said.Chiranjeevi is also hoping to galvanise the Congress cadres with his path-breaking initiative. \"\"He will interact with the people and try to rectify their immediate problems by talking to the officials concerned during his district tours,\"\" a party leader close to Chiranjeevi said. Chiranjeevi's aim is to reach out to the commoners and ensure that the benefits of all welfare programmes of the Congress government reach the poorer sections, he added.During his tours, Chiranjeevi is likely to focus on farmers' issues, facilities in hostels, housing for the poor and government's various welfare programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15024187", "title": "Governor meets CM, seeks opinion on Nagri issue", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed on Tuesday met chief minister Arjun Munda at his residence to seek his cabinet's opinion on the land acquisition controversy for setting up permanent campuses of Indian Institute Management-Ranchi (IIM-R) and National University for Study and Research in Law (NUSRL) at Nagri.The meeting between the governor and the CM lasted 15 minutes. The governor wanted a clear picture on the issue as leaders of the ruling alliance, chairman of state coordination committee Shibu Soren and ministers in Munda's cabinet have been giving statements against forcible land acquisition.Senior officials said since there has been a confusion over the matter owing to the difference of opinion within the government. \"As things are getting out of control, the governor did not wait for the chief minister to join Raj Bhawan. Instead he visited Munda at his residence to get a clearer picture on the issue,\" said an officer. \"In case the governor is not satisfied with the explanation he may sent a report to Union government for action under provisions of the Constitution,\" the officer added.Soren attended a meeting of the villagers at Nagri, a couple of days back and asked them to plough the land, a move to stop the government from acquiring them. He also supported the stand of the villagers that agricultural land should not be acquired for development projects.Meanwhile, the Jharkhand high court has given state government two weeks to explain its stand. The court has also asked the Munda-led government if it plans to return agricultural land it has acquired for other projects in the past. The government has acquired land for many mega projects including Heavy Engineering Corporation and Bokaro Steel Plant. The directives were issued by the division bench of chief justice Prakash Tatia and justice Jaya Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15025603", "title": "Madurai bench of the Madras high court directive to DGP", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday directed the director general of police to initiate necessary action on a petition seeking transfer of investigation of a murder case from the local police to the CB-CID. After hearing the plea, filed by A Sumathi, Justice A Selvam directed the DIG to take necessary action.According to the petitioner, her son Esakimuthu, who had been pursuing BA (History) at the Thiruvalluvar College in Papanasam, died under suspicious circumstances on August 28, 2011. But the local police, according to her, closed the file without proper investigation.\"On August 7, 2011, one Aravind and Dhivanai came to my house and took my son along with them. He looked weak when he returned in the night. He could not pass urine. I took him to a private hospital where doctors told me he sustained injuries in the lower abdomen. He died on August 28. Before his death, he told me that four people attacked him. He also told me that he was in love with a girl,\" said the petitioner. However, the girl's father and relative never liked it and they attacked him, alleged Sumathi.\"On August 30, my husband and I went to the Vikramasingapuram police station to initiate action against those behind the murder of my son. My husband was not fluent in Tamil. Making use of this, the police obtained signatures from him and registered the FIR under section 174 of CrPC instead of registering it under section 302 of the IPC,\" she said.On September 28, 2011, the petitioner had sent a representation to the Tamil Nadu chief minister, narrating the incident. On October 10, the chief minister's cell had forwarded the representation to the superintendent of police, Tirunelveli, to take necessary action against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023650", "title": "Derecognize parties for blockade? SC asks Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Centre whether political parties should be de-recognized calling for blockade of rail and road as part of their agitation which severely disrupted lives of ordinary citizens and movement of essential items, including foodgrains.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya posed this question to solicitor general R F Nariman as soon as he presented the Centre's suggestions to counter the prolonged blockade of rail and road by protestors.Among the radical suggestions to counter situations like blockade of highways linking Manipur to the rest of the country by Naga groups for nearly four months last year, the Centre agreed to entrust the judiciary the task of scrutinizing the administrative action to tackle such crises.If a blockade continued beyond a week, then the principal secretary home or the director general of police would send a report to the HC concerned. \"The High Court will examine the efforts made at different levels, fix responsibility for failure and call upon the delinquent officers to explain their conduct and issue such orders as may be considered appropriate,\" the Centre suggested.The court had sought the Centre's suggestion in view of the long blockade of rail traffic by protestors in Rajasthan. The Centre said that based on intelligence input, the state police would endeavour and take steps to foil any such blockade.If the blockade continued beyond five days, the state must request the Centre \"to direct the Director General of railway Protection Force or Director General of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) or any other paramilitary force available at the command of the Centre to initiate the desired preventive steps to remove the blockade,\" Nariman said.But, the court was categorical on a more fundamental aspect to counter blockade and damage caused by protestors to public property. It said the apex court's 2009 judgement imposing cost on agitators to compensate damage to private and public property had not yielded the desired result.The bench asked two questions to Nariman. First, whether political parties calling for rail/road blockade should face de-recognition and second, whether the state failing to remove the blockade be asked to pay damages caused to public property by the protestors?Railways had estimated that it had suffered a loss of Rs 33 crore due to the 11-day long rail roko agitation by the Jat community, which was protesting arrest of their clan members for attack on dalits at Mirchipur.The Centre had suggested that the district magistrate would record quantum of damage to public and private property due to violent acts of agitators and initiate appropriate legal proceedings to recover the quantified loss as revenue arrears.The DM should also initiate criminal proceedings against protestors indulging in violent acts and suggested that such cases should be decided by courts within six months.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025594", "title": "Haryana seeks higher power allocation from central projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana has demanded higher allocation of power from the central sector projects to meet its growing energy needs.State power minister Ajay Singh Yadav asked the Centre to come up with a plan to provide additional power to the state during peak hours and also provide higher allocation from the Central sector projects, including mega power plants.\"For peaking load, power is needed which can come from either hydro- or gas-run power plants. Thus, to satisfy the peak requirement of states like Haryana, the Union Ministry of Power needs to come up with a plan to provide for additional required power during peaking hours,\" Yadav said.Yadav, who was speaking at the state power ministers' conference at Planning Commission, also expressed concern over poor quality and insufficient quantity of coal allocation for power plants in Haryana.The minister said that Haryana is a major contributor to the foodgrain basket of India and there are insufficient rains this year. The state should be given higher allocation of power from the central sector projects, including mega power plants, he demanded.While drawing the Centre's attention towards the resource crunch faced by distribution companies across the country, he pointed out that recently the banks have withdrawn their support which has caused numerous financial problems in the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024252", "title": "IAS officer gets conditional bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Tuesday granted a conditional bail to IAS officer Debaditya Chakraborty, who was allegedly involved in two iron-ore scams that amount to Rs 121 lakh. The bench presided over by justices A K Ray and Tausiffudin observed that the CID can only frame charges after 90 days and the state failed to produce documents against him.A 1976-batch IAS officer, Chakraborty was arrested by New Market police station on April 23 this year where it was alleged that he is involved in two iron-ore scams, of Rs 98 lakhs and Rs 22 lakhs each.On February 1, Debaditya was arrested for another whopping iron-ore scam of Rs.125 crores where an iron-ore consignment, meant to be exported to a Chinese firm, did not return after the firm's refusal to accept the consignment. An investigation revealed It was scrupulously routed to another destination and sold. He was the additional secretary of the West Bengal Essential Commodities Services Corporation ( WBECSC) then and got a bail in the case then.Chakrabarty has been granted the conditional bail with a bail bond of Rs. 1 lakh and has been asked by the court not to leave the city as the investigation will still be on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025819", "title": "Two held for trying to sell rare turtle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two youth have been arrested for trying to sell a rare species of turtle , police said on Tuesday . The accused Sanjay (22) and Raju Chaturvedi (36) were caught from Patel Nagar on a tip-off .At the time of arrest , a turtle wrapped in a T-shirt was recovered from them . Officers from the wildlife department , who were called to the spot ,confirmed that this reptile was an 'Indian soft-shelled turtle' .A growing demand for dry meat of this species has posed a threat to its existence . This is a rare species which is found in South Asia , particularly in rivers such as Ganges , Indus and Mahanadi . Wildlife activists allege the dry meat of the turtle is clandestinely exported to China from here . Sources say that this dry meat goes to Kolkata from where it is exported to China . In some states , its dehydrated meat even fetches anywhere between Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,100 per kg .Additional commissioner of police (central ), Devesh Srivastva , said , \"Sanjay disclosed he got this turtle from Bayawar village in Rajasthan . The duo was going to Prem Nagar in searchof a buyer when they were arrested . The market price of this reptile would be above Rs five lakh\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024443", "title": "Ex gave cops info on idol smuggler", "text": "CHENNAI: Subhash Chandra Kapoor's former girlfriend, an art dealer in Singapore, gave investigators vital clues that convinced Interpol to issue a notice for the idol smuggler, leading to his arrest in Germany and his extradition to India on July 14.Paramaspry Punusamy, 56, who owns contemporary art gallery Jazmin Asian Arts in the Southeast Asian city-state, approached officers of the CB-CID's idol wing who were on the trail of the New York-based Kapoor, 64, and provided them with a recent photograph of him and tipped them off on his movements.After Kapoor, a divorcee, went to a Singapore court and accused Punusamy of refusing to return some artefacts that he owned, she said that she was ready to return nine idols. But Punusamy demanded that Kapoor return 20 artefacts that belonged to her.Punusamy then contacted the Tamil Nadu police and gave them the lowdown on Kapoor. She is believed to still be in touch with a senior police officer in the state.Till Punusamy unexpectedly stepped into the investigation, investigators were depending on an old photograph to identify Kapoor. \"With the more recent photograph provided by Punusamy and updates on Kapoor's location, it became much easier for crack the case,\" an investigating officer said.Kapoor claimed in the Singapore court that Punusamy was refusing to return to him 15 artefacts worth more than $250,000 (around Rs 1.4 crore). The couple separated in 2009 after the row over the idols.\"Kapoor had divorced his wife, who was from Jalandhar in Punjab, when he met Punusamy at an art show in San Francisco in 1997,\" the officer said. Punusamy was displaying artworks from Asia and had put up some Chinese posters. \"Kapoor and Punusamy met regularly after that and developed a relationship that lasted more than 10 years,\" he said.Kapoor, born in 1949, was involved in many cases of idol smuggling in the country especially from temples in Tamil Nadu, where he and his associate Sanjeevi Asokan, a notorious idol thief, hired Rathinam and Kaliyaperumal to steal ancient idols. The gang plundered idols dating back to the 11th century from Arulmigu Sundareswarar and Varadaraja Perumal temples in Ariyalur district.Investigators say Kapoor also smuggled Buddhist artefacts out of Afghanistan and various antiques from Pakistan. Kapoor, a US citizen who was born in Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, set up an antique gallery in New York and also operated a website, www.artofpast.com, and a company, Nimbus Import and Export Inc, to sell antiques. The website was shut down after Tamil Nadu police alerted US authorities through the Interpol about the illegal sale of idols stolen from India through the site.Kapoor has been remanded in judicial custody. A magistrate's court in Jayankondam will on Wednesday decide on a police petition seeking custody of Kapoor for 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024288", "title": "Govt to crack down on fuel adulterators", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bit to crack down on adulteration of petrol and diesel, the state government on Tuesday delegated power to officials of several departments to take action against those involved in fuel adulteration, hoarding and other related malpractices.Assistant commissioners of the civil supplies department, all officials of the rank of tahsildars and above in the revenue department, all taluk supply officers, inspectors and above in the labour department and deputy superintendents of police and above in the police department are authorised to initiate action against the fuel mafia under the provisions of the Essential Commodities Act, and Motor Spirit and High Speed Diesel (Regulation of Supply and Distribution and Prevention of Malpractice) Order. The order is the outcome of a proposal sent by the commissioner of civil supplies and consumer protection department to this effect.Adulteration of petrol and diesel, both at points of sale and during transportation, is rampant across the country as there are several close substitutes for these fuels. While kerosene is the commonly used adulterant for diesel, naphtha is mixed with petrol. At the open market prices of these fuels, adulteration of petrol helps save 20 per litre and diesel 15 per litre.Various surveys have shown that much of the petrol sold through outlets are adulterated and have a much lower octane level than the specified 87%. Many customers buy fuel only from select pumps, most often from outlets owned and operated by petroleum manufacturing companies. It is estimated that pumps selling adulterated fuel earn a minimum of 25,000 per day. Apart from wrecking the engines of new generation vehicles, adulterated fuel is also a drain on the state's exchequer as it loses heavily on sales tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023809", "title": "Will Centre withdraw President's reference against Lalli, asks SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the wake of the CBI's decision to close corruption case against former Prasar Bharti CEO B S Lalli, the Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Union government whether it intended to withdraw the Reference seeking a judicial inquiry into the alleged misconduct of the 1971 batch IAS officer.A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and F M I Kalifulla asked the Centre whether it was open to withdrawal of the Presidential Reference sent last year to the Supreme Court under Article 317(1) of the Constitution for inquiry into the alleged misconduct warranting his removal from the post. Shortly after sending the Reference, Lalli was put under suspension.Last week, the CBI decided to close the case of fraud and criminal conspiracy against Lalli in award of broadcasting rights contract for Commonwealth Games, 2010, which was said to have caused a loss of Rs 100 crore to the exchequer. The agency said it found no evidence to substantiate the allegations.Last year, the CBI had lodged an FIR against Lalli and managing director of Delhi-based Zoom Communications Wasim Dehlvi, who is also the resident director of UK-based SIS Live, under Section 120-B and 420 of Indian Penal Code related to criminal conspiracy and fraud, respectively.The allegations were refuted by Lalli and Dehlvi. The CBI had alleged that a major portion of Rs 246 crore contract given to UK-based SIS Live by Prasar Bharti for \"production and coverage\" of Commonwealth Games was sub-contracted to Zoom Communications for only Rs 176 crore resulting in loss of about Rs 100 crore to the exchequer. After an year-long investigation into the alleged scam, the CBI said it found no major shortcomings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025237", "title": "Societies, MC refuse to act, pass the buck", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the monsoon playing hide and seek in city and low water pressure in houses making summer heat further unbearable, the worst affected emerge societies located in southern sectors of the city including sectors 49, 50 and 51.While the only visible solution to the problem is installing boosters, municipal corporation and society authorities are busy passing the buck - MC officials say the society should install boosters while society authorities state that its MC's job.Importantly, most societies in southern sectors of the city are designed in such a way that houses here start from the first floor, and cars are parked on the ground floor. Hence, the situation is even worse here. Kamal Gupta, treasurer of the Blood Donors Co-operative House Building Society in Sector 50, said, \"Tired of the low water pressure, some residents have installed a tap in the parking in order to meet their water requirements. They carry buckets full of water every day to their floor only because MC is not doing its duty of installing boosters.\"Satish Kumar, resident of Progressive Society in Sector 50, said, \"Since summer has begun, not a single day has passed without struggling for water. It seems MC is more focused on providing water to northern sectors of Chandigarh and has conveniently forgotten about us.\"MC public health superintending engineer R C Diwan said, \"Our responsibility is to make sure that water reaches the underground reservoir (UGR) that are constructed in the basement of societies. Installation of boosters is clearly the responsibility of the concerned society. Further, some societies have bypassed the lines of direct water supply to residences instead of taking it to UGR. This has also resulted in water supply to certain societies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15025506", "title": "Rs 10,300cr Metro project gets nod", "text": "LUDHIANA: The twin evils of traffic congestion and pollution might soon be on their way out of the city. In a major development for city's infrastructure, the state government on Tuesday gave its green signal to the Ludhiana Metro project involving an investment of Rs 10,300 crore. The mega project is scheduled to be completed within the next five years.The Metro is expected to drastically reduce traffic congestion, which has increased manifold as the number of vehicles in Ludhiana has increased from 10 lakh a decade ago to nearly 20 lakh now.In a meeting held at the chief ministers' office, officials of Punjab Industrial Development Board said two corridors of the Metro will cover the entire Ludhiana city. \"One corridor will be from Ayali Chowk to BBMB Power House and another from Gill village to Rahon Road Chungi. The Metro would have a total length of about 29 km and have 27 stations in the city,\" said Rakesh Singh, the chief secretary.The state government would provide the land required for execution of the project. Though the officials stressed on executing the underground Metro corridor, especially in densely populated areas, the only stumbling block would be its being capital intensive.It was also felt that elevated Metro corridor would necessitate displacement of a large number of people in the congested city and this would in turn lead to problems of its own kind. The Centre had, in principle, decided to extend a technical-cum-financial package to make the Metro operational in Ludhiana last year. The first corridor would be 15.798 km long and have 14 stations. The second would be 13.035 km long with 13 stations. It was expected to cost around Rs 6,600 crore when it was envisaged nearly three years ago but now the cost has crossed the Rs-10,000 crore mark.The principal secretary local government, Suresh Kumar, said that the ministry of urban development had convened a meeting to review the project for appraisal at New Delhi. The local government department also submitted a proposal for the setting up of Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for smooth and effective implementation of the project, which was approved in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024487", "title": "High-security block likely to come up at Cherlapalli jail soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the wake of murder of an inmate by a fellow prisoner, a high-security prison block is being proposed to be constructed at Cherlapalli central prison to lodge 'dangerous criminals', who indulge in violence.According to jail officials, the high-security prison block will practically be an impregnable fortress. As per the plan, 24 individual cells will be set up in the block. Anyone seeking entry into this block, has to pass through security checks. Those put in these cells will also not be able to mingle with the other prisoners.\"There is enough space needed to construct a high-security block at the Cherlapalli central jail. Though we do have a system to keep a watch on dangerous prisoners, this new block will help to increase the security further. The new block will serve to transfer any prisoner whose behaviour creates suspicion or those who may show violent behaviour. Prisoners involved in serious offences may also be kept there depending on the nature of the crime they committed,\" IG prisons B Sunil Kumar told TOI.Besides the high-security prison block, the authorities are also planning to increase warder strength at the Cherlapalli on par with the security at the central prison in Rajahmundry. A proposal has already been sent to higher authorities seeking to sanction 84 new warders at Cherlapalli prison. A few months back, the prison did get some additional warders following the recruitment of 600 new warders, however, after the recent murder, the jail authorities are planning to increase the staff strength further.Both the Rajahmundry central jail and Cherlapalli prison are spread over 40 acres each and both have an authorised capacity of 1500 prisoners. Both the jails also have semi-open prisons. However, in so far as the security is concerned, the Cherlapalli jail has few warders. Apart from the high-security block and additional warders, the prisons department is also considering having social counsellors to talk to prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024611", "title": "Counterfeit note makes senior citizen run from pillar to post", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior citizen who claims to have got a fake note from Bank of India's Kingsway branch two months ago is a worried man.SG Kardar, an 80-year-old retired railway driver, withdrew Rs 5,000 from the pension deposited at BOI. However, when he sent his daughter to deposit the money in an account with the ICICI Bank, through which he pays house rent, it was found that one of the five Rs 1,000 notes was counterfeit.The note, impounded by ICICI Bank, has been sent to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), said officials. The chain of events has brought to the fore the ambiguity in the system when it comes to dealing with a fake note case. Meanwhile, Kardar continues to runs from pillar to post to get back his money.The note according to the branch manager at ICICI Bank has been sent to its currency chest from where it would have gone to the RBI.Reliable sources in RBI confirmed that the note of the said series had not come to the bank at all. An RBI spokesperson said it is not necessary for every fake note to come there.The bank is only referred to when an expert opinion is required. Otherwise, such a note goes to the police which conducts an investigation. It also questions the person with whom it was found.Generally, the person offering fake currency is only arrested when five or more notes are found with him. In a single case it is believed to have been inadvertently received.Kardar however says that the police has not questioned him. He also claims that BOI's branch manager had assured to return the note if he brought it to the bank. But when contacted by TOI, the manager refused to have made any such offer, denying that any such note came from the counter.\"There is hardly any chance of a fake note being given away from the bank's counter. Moreover, under any situation the customer should check all notes before leaving the counter,\" said the manager.Kardar is sticking to his claim that he got the note from BOI. \"Banks should have a mechanism to verify notes at the counter itself. How can a lay man identify a fake note,\" he asks.President of the Nagpur branch of All India RBI Employees Association (AIRBEA), Bidyut Charaborty, said that if Kardar is to be believed then getting a fake note from a bank counter is indeed a matter of concern. Banks are supposed to thoroughly check the notes before keeping them at the counter. Banks must have verifying machines at counters though many do not install one, said a source in RBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15025258", "title": "Tamil Nadu teacher gets jail for cutting 10-year-old girl\u2019s hair", "text": "COIMBATORE: A woman physical education teacher was sentenced to one month's imprisonment by a Coimbatore court on Monday for forcibly cutting the hair of a 10-year-old girl four years ago. The teacher was enraged when she saw the girl's hairstyle, which was not in conformity with what was prescribed by the school. She beat her up before taking a pair of scissors and forcibly cutting her hair.Pronouncing the verdict, judicial magistrate Hemanth Kumar said the rights of children must get utmost importance as stipulated under the Juvenile Justice Act. He said the punishment would act as a deterrent, preventing others from committing such crimes.The incident took place on March 3, 2008. The girl, then 10, was a Class 5 student of Bharathi Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Coimbatore. Shobana, her physical education teacher, noticed that the girl's hairstyle did not conform to what the school management had stipulated. The girl was severely beaten up by the teacher, who then cut her hair.After coming to know about the incident, the girl's parents filed a complaint with police. Shobana was booked under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 342 (wrongful confinement) of Indian Penal Code. The teacher was dismissed from service by the school.During the trial, the prosecution argued that since the victim was a minor, the teacher should be punished under Section 23 of Juvenile Justice Act. The court sentenced the teacher to one month's imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 500 under the IPC Section 323. The teacher was also awarded one month's jail and fined Rs 500 under the JJ Act as well. The jail terms will run concurrently\"I am very happy about the judgment. Teachers who ill-treat students should be punished,\" said G Sumathi, the girl's mother. \"After we approached the court, most schools refused to admit my daughter. We wrote to the then chief minister M Karunanidhi , who wrote back. His letter helped my daughter get admission in a matriculation school. Now she is 15 and studying in Class 10,\" Sumathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024164", "title": "Police 'mole', gang held with arms cache", "text": "KOLKATA: Policemen tracking the killers of a promoter busted one of the biggest gangs in Rajarhat in a midnight raid on Monday and seized a huge cache of arms. Twelve automatic pistols, two guns and 450 bullets were found in the Baguiati apartment, giving an indication of the kind of weapons flooding the city's northern fringes that have seen a series of real-estate-linked murders.Five gangsters were arrested - Debajyoti Ghosh alias Babai, Bikash Gan, Jiten Singh, Sanjay Singh and Surajit Das, said Subrata Banerjee, DC (HQ) Bidhannagar City Police. Babai and another such police mole, Amit Sinha alias Ramua, have been giving police sleepless nights by using their immunity as informers to gang up with dreaded killers and extortionists and prop up new crime syndicates.Police say Ramua was also in the apartment but escaped by a whisker. A section of officers suspects that Ramua may have, in fact, double-crossed Babai to come up numero uno in the Rajarhat underworld.Bidhannagar police suspect that this gang was behind the murder of building materials supplier Prasenjit Roy, who was gunned down near the airport on Monday morning after a high speed chase on a VIP Road connector. The killer had shot him twice in the head, indicating the use of an automatic pistol or a revolver.The police were stunned to realize that the gangsters had made their headquarters at a flat in a posh residential locality. All five suspects acted as police informers. Bidhannagar police believe that the gang has close links with the booming realty business in Rajarhat and related crimes. Gang rivalry over the real estate trade has led to seven murders in Rajarhat in less than a year.Based on a specific tip, a special team of Bidhannagar police raided a flat near Joramandir in Baguiati, where the gang was camping. Police were surprised to find so many weapons stashed away. They also seized fake Indian currency of Rs 1 lakh, 10 cellphones and two motorcycles. Police said that the syndicate was running by Babai, the alleged mastermind of the murder of Baguiati realtor Pradip Roy in April 2004. After spending three years in jail, he got bail and immediately got involved with an inter-state car theft racket.At that time he used to frequent North Bengal and some parts of the North-East and Bihar, building a network with inter-state gun runners. Babai, who started as a small-time extortionist, reportedly got close to a section of police officers as he moonlighted as an informer. But behind the facade of a police mole, he stepped into the real estate trade and pumped a huge amount of money in Rajarhat, Baguiati and New Town projects. As the gangster's clout grew over the last few years, more than 30 criminals - including some dreaded contract killers - teamed up under him. And they all apparently started working as police informers as well, say sources.Investigation has revealed how Babai used his contacts with a section of police officers, including some CID officers, to wrest monopoly in supplying building materials in large parts of Baguiati and Teghoria, say sources. He continued gun running at the same time.Ramua, meanwhile, ganged up with notorious killer Raja Dutta and Shankar Ram, to challenge Babai. But Babai smartly avoided a confrontation and suggested an area sharing agreement to pacify Ramua. Police have reasons to believe that Ramua was with Babai during the raid on Monday night but managed to escape. Sources hinted that Babai may have paid the price for his rivalry with Ramua, because Ramua is also very close to a section of cops. \"Ramua might have nailed Babai to wrest monopoly in the area,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15025358", "title": "UK admits to torture during Kenya occupation", "text": "LONDON: In the first admission of its kind, Britain has admitted in the high court that colonial forces in Kenya tortured and abused detainees during the Mau Mau rebellion. The admission was made during the hearing of a case filed by three elderly Kenyans who are suing the British government for damages.The court was told that the government did not dispute that \"terrible things\" had happened to them. Lawyers for the litigants said it was the first ever official acknowledgement by the UK.The revolt against British rule in Kenya in the 1950s and 1960s was marked by atrocities , with thousands killed, the BBC reported.Before starting cross-examination of witnesses at the trial, the lawyer for the British government, Guy Mansfield , said he did not want to dispute that civilians had suffered torture and ill-treatment at the hands of the colonial administration. He spoke to each of the witnesses, telling them that he did \"not want to dispute the fact that terrible things happened to you\" .In 2011, a high court judge ruled the claimants - Paulo Muoka Nzili, Wambuga Wa Nyingi and Jane Muthoni Mara - did have an arguable case. The claimants' lawyers allege that Nzili was castrated , Nyingi severely beaten and Mara subjected to appalling sexual abuse in detention camps during the rebellion.Their lawyers said they represent hundreds of Kenyans who were victims of brutality in 1950s and 1960s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15023741", "title": "'Philips views Preethi as an innovation hub'", "text": "KOCHI: The acquisition of Preethi Kitchen Appliances by Philips last year benefited both companies in increasing the market share as well as for the introduction of new products, said Vijay Srinivasan, managing director of Preethi. He was talking to TOI in Kochi on Tuesday on the sidelines of the launch of the company's latest products in Kerala market.\"There has been a substantive exposure for both Preethi brand as well as the Preethi organisation after the acquisition. There is of course the independent growth of the Preethi brand which is still happening but there are lot of synergies we are taking advantage of.In some of the product categories we are introducing in Kerala market like the irons, the technology was provided by Philips in both the steam iron and dry iron category,\" Srinivasan said. \"Preethi will be an innovative hub of kitchen appliances for both Preethi and Philips companies,\" he added. Srinivasan feels that the home and kitchen appliances market in the country is large enough to contain the tough competition between the various brands. \"This is a huge market and there is enough in the pie for everyone to pick up,\" he commented.Preethi introduced garment care range of irons and XPRO, the professional version of its domestic mixer grinders in the Kerala market on Tuesday. Onam contributes to 40% of the company's revenues generated from Kerala. The company has 14,000 distribution outlets across the country and has an export market in the US and Middle East. The company sold six million mixer-wet grinders in India in FY 12.According to market estimates, Preethi had a turnover of Rs 77 crore and Rs 106 crore in FY11 and FY12 respectively, from the Kerala market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15024990", "title": "Warnings were issued before US navy fired at boat: Pentagon", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Pentagon on Tuesday insisted that the US naval ship had issued several warning to a fishing boat in the Persian Gulf before it fired shots killing an Indian fisherman and injuring three others.\"Based on what we know now, a series of warning measures were issued to the oncoming vessel. Those warnings were not heeded, and the vessel was fired upon,\" Pentagon press secretary George Little told reporters.An Indian fisherman was killed and three others were wounded yesterday when a security team onboard the US Navy ship fired at their small boat off the Dubai coast.\"We certainly regret the loss of life in this incident. There were in fact warning measures that were taken, based on what we know now. This is under investigation and we'll know the full facts of this incident once that investigation is complete,\" he said.\"The USNS Rappahannock escalated warning measures in response to a potential threat posed by this vessel,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024978", "title": "Missing NCP leader re-emerges, claims abduction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jayanti Gohil, a Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader, who was reported missing on July 10 from Navrangpura, returned on his own at 1.30 am on Tuesday. In his statement, he claimed that he was abducted and his captors set him free on Monday night near Aslali. Police investigators doubt his theory and have started a probe in the case.According to Navrangpura police officials, Gohil, 52, a resident of Dholka, had come to Ahmedabad on July 9 with his driver Altaf Husain Malek. He had been to Shikhar Complex at 6 pm and then went to Siddhi Vinayak Complex on Ashram Road where he asked Malek to wait for his call to return to Dholka. When Gohil did not call him the entire night, Malek informed Gohil's family.Parth, Gohil's son, registered a missing persons case and even named an industrialist, who Gohil had to return Rs 9 crore for a land deal gone awry, as suspect in the case. He even demanded a CBI probe in the matter on Monday.P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station, told TOI that Gohil claimed in his statement that he was walking near Shikhar complex on July 9 when a driver of a van beckoned him. As he approached, he was pushed into the open van. \"He says that he doesn't know anything after that as he was kept unconscious most of the time. Around three to four persons held him captive and on Monday night dropped him near Aslali on the highway. We are probing the points he has mentioned,\" he said. He added that Gohil refused to file a complaint in the case.Sources said Gohil called up Parth at 1.30 am on Tuesday and asked him to come to Narol. A group went and got him home and informed Lalsinh, a police constable with Navrangpura police, about his return. The investigators asked him to record his statement. Gohil went to the police station at 9 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024334", "title": "Garbage can light up your life", "text": "BANGALORE: On an average, the city generates nearly 4,000 metric tonnes of waste every day. How do you segregate waste and recycle it? The Times of India talks to experts who offer solutions to the BBMP.Innovative Initiatives* In the quiet villages of rural Karnataka, there's a revolution under way. Households are segregating source at waste and experts are looking at providing an economical way of generating electricity to light up their streets by using solid waste. \"Currently, organic waste is being collected and converted to fertilizers for their crops in a few Dakshina Kannada villages. We're exploring the possibility of making biofuel from it and at the next level, we'll look at generating electricity for streetlights,\" said Anand Narayan, head of Selco Labs.Started by Magsaysay Award-winner Harish Hande, Selco primarily works with solar energy applications. It has started exploring the possibility of effective solid waste management in various parts of the state. Beginning with the districts, it plans to implement this solution in urban areas too.* At the Institute of Wood Science and Technology, Malleswaram, the 25-acre campus is collecting and segregating dry waste (leaves, twigs, flowers). \"We segregate it into three piles and add earthworms to them. For about 6 weeks, they're kept there and it's then put in the biofuel composting unit to get bio-fuel,\" said SC Joshi, director of the institute. They're looking at lighting up the entire campus and providing biogas to 150 residences there. The institute hopes to raise Rs 3 lakh to set up a biogas plant by the year-end.Community InitiativesA small initiative which took off six months ago at Rajarajeshwari Nagar has become a big movement today. Every Sunday, ITC collects dry waste from the neighbourhood, buys it from them and recycles it. They began with 250 houses, later expanded it to 500 and could soon 1,000. Till date, residents have managed to sell 2.5 tonnes - 3 tonnes of waste and raised Rs 7,500.At Bhuvaneshwari, 5km from Yelahanka, it covers 2,000 households. Segregation is done at source and residents hand over wet waste to the BBMP van which visits their locality every day. On Sundays, a separate van comes by to collect dry waste which is put in the segregation centre. ITC buys dry waste once every 15 days. \"We meet once a month to discuss issues and take a feedback from residents,\" said Manoj Desai, member, Bhuvaneshwari Nagara Nagarika Seva Samiti.Solutions for Bangalore* Segregate waste at source (800sqft -1,000 sqf) - in many parks in the city. Garden waste (dry waste) can be composted and a shredder can be used to compost neighbourhood dry waste* Identify 1,000sqft area wardwise to store any waste in the area* Set up bio-mechanisation plant across 3,000sqft wardwise to convert wet waste to get biogas and later look at generating electricityN S Ramakanth | member, Yes In My Backyard (YIMBY)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023640", "title": "BJP blames Congress for Mamata's U-turn over Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: A disappointed BJP on Tuesday blamed Congress for pressuring Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee to come around and support the UPA nominee for Presidential poll Pranab Mukherjee.Soon after Banerjee announced her decision to support Mukherjee, going back on her earlier opposition to his candidature, BJP admitted it was disappointed at the development and sought to know under what \"compulsion\" she had taken this stand.\"We are disappointed to hear that TMC is going to support Pranab Mukherjee. We understand that TMC is a part of the government but Mamata Banerjee was one of the first ones to raise her voice against the policies of the anti-people, corrupt UPA alliance \u2014 be it NCTC, fuel price hike or FDI in retail,\" party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said.BJP had hoped that Trinamool's opposition to Mukherjee in the Presidential poll would split the UPA votes on the basis of which it decided to back P A Sangma, who had been fielded by AIADMK and BJD, and ensure a keen contest in the race for Rashtrapati Bhawan.\"Under what compulsion has she supported the UPA candidate? Was all this just posturing when Mamata spoke against the uncaring and insensitive policies of the UPA government and has now taken a U-turn? Is she now indifferent to the cause of the common people?\" Sitharaman asked.\"Mamata has hesitated to strike for some reason,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026093", "title": "City reels under long power outages, BJP members protest", "text": "KANPUR: The industrial city continues to face severe power rostering. On an average, the city is getting only 16-17 hours of power supply. On Tuesday, the city witnessed power cuts in two shifts. The rostering was done in the entire city for six hours at the time of filling of this report. The denizens first witnessed power cut from 10 am to 2 pm and again rostering was done from 7.20 pm to 9.20 pm.On Monday, there was no power from 11.15 am to 3.45 pm. The rostering was initially done till 3 pm but it was extended by 45 minutes. Again rostering was done from 7.50 pm to 8.50 pm. During the night hours, there was no power from 10.40 pm to 12.40 pm for two hours.On Sunday, there was no power cut when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was on a visit to the city but during the night hours, rostering was done to compensate the situation. Rostering was held from 10.10 pm to 12.30 in the night.Keeping the data of last three days of power cuts in view, it can be analysed that the industrial city is being given power for only 16-17 hours per day on an average. Interestingly, these are the official hours of rostering. If snag occurs in the transformer or any other problem takes place, the affected locality may face outage for a longer time.Kesco, on the other hand, sheds its responsibility for the rostering. Senior Kesco officials said that rostering is done by UPPCL from Lucknow. Kesco claims that they have nothing to do with the rostering taking place in the city.Meanwhile, the workers of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) along with BJP MLA Satish Mahana held a day-long protest against the massive rostering of power. The protest was held at Bada Chauraha. A number of locals took part in the protest and demanded better power supply. The BJP workers raised anti-government slogans and said that the city was given step motherly treatment by the government as places like Etawah, Kannauj are being given power for the entire day.BJP MLA Satish Mahana said that the state government has forced the city denizens to live in darkness. This has also affected water supply and crisis of drinking water has started troubling city people.He said that if the state government will not provide city denizens with power, BJP as one of the prominent opposition parties, would be forced to launch a strong agitation against the prevailing poor power scenario.The BJP workers also conducted a signature campaign to protest against the power cuts. A number of people signed on the four registers meant for the purpose. They wrote down their names and mobile members and demanded better power situation. The people said that there was no fixed time for rostering and gradually the number of rostering hours were increasing. They mentioned that earlier rostering was done from 1 pm to 3 pm and now it is being done for four hours in one go.Traders and the businessmen too have voiced their concern over rostering. They said that their businesses were at losses due to rostering during the evening hours when its peak business time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023685", "title": "Jawan caught for spying a victim of factional feud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Information available with the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) indicates that a Military Intelligence (MI) havaldar, who was arrested recently in a joint operation involving DRI and MI, was not involved with Pakistan's ISI but may have been caught up in the intense factional feud within the Army.Sources said the only thing that has emerged is the functional and operational details of the Technical Support Division (TSD), which is part of the directorate general of military intelligence, where the havildar was a head clerk. TSD was created after General V K Singh became the Army chief, and is headed by Colonel Honey Bakshi, one of his confidantes.The information on the havaldar wanting to sell army secrets to ISI is being considered dubious given that even Intelligence Bureau (IB) had refused to take heed of it.Initial information was received by DRI through a Dubai-based smuggler-turned-informer. He informed a DRI official that an MI official wanted to sell military secrets and had got in touch with him through his Kochi-based cousin.Initially, DRI itself doubted the information. However, the smuggler arranged a meeting between him and the MI havildar in a Mumbai hotel, and helped a DRI official clandestinely identify the suspect. \"A packet containing some stuff too was exchanged between them. This convinced DRI that the smuggler was perhaps telling the truth,\" said the source.However, as the case had nothing to do with Customs, DRI passed on the information to IB. Surprisingly, however, IB refused pay heed to the information and initiate any action, indirectly casting doubt on the information, said the source.Subsequently, DRI informed the Army and the two laid a trap to arrest him. However, not much, except information on past operations done by TSD and details of its officers, was found on the havaldar. \"Overall, it has revealed the functioning of TSD to rest of MI,\" said the source.Earlier, TSD faced allegations of illegal surveillance of senior officials and politicians. However, the allegations were fiercely denied by Gen V K Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025209", "title": "Murderer of youth Akali leader gets life imprisonment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two years after the murder of a youth Akali leader from Muktsar in the city's Sector 9 market, the court of additional district and sessions judge Shalini Nagpal on Tuesday sentenced Minkel Bajaj, alias Balwinder Singh, 30, a Muktsar businessman, to life imprisonment. A fine of Rs 25,000 was also imposed on him.The incident took place on July 13, 2010, when Tripat Deep Singh Sekhon was shot in the busy market. Bajaj was arrested on July 29, 2010, and the police had also recovered a .32 bore revolver and four cartridges from his possession. Initially, police had assumed that a political rivalry led to the murder, but later it was ruled out. The prosecution proved revenge as the motive behind the murder. Tripat, along with some others, had reportedly made an obscene MMS of Minkel's sister and circulated it. Though initially he was booked in the case, later his name was dropped from the chargesheet. And so, Minkel decided to eliminate him.On the murder day, Tripat had gone to a Sector 7 residence of his cousin Paramjit Kaur. At 4.10pm, Tripat received a call on his mobile phone asking him to come at the rear of Sector 9 market. When he reached there, Minkel shot him. He was rushed to a Sector 16 hospital, from where he was referred to PGI, but he succumbed there. \"After committing the crime, Bajaj had fled the city in his car. Before his arrest, he stayed in Delhi, Ganganagar and different parts of Maharashtra. He was arrested on a tip-off that he was visiting Chandigarh to meet his lawyer to apply for an anticipatory bail,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024983", "title": "Man commits suicide on railway tracks in Vatva", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 26-year-old youth committed suicide on Ahmedabad-Vadodara railway track near Vinzol on Tuesday afternoon. The youth had marital discord due to which he took the step, said Government Railway Police (GRP) officials investigating the case.According to GRP officials, the incident took place at 2 pm when a shunting train heading towards Kalupur was passing on the track. The youth came running towards the train.The train drivers tried to avert the collision and also warned him to leave the track but he lied down on the tracks in the mean time and committed suicide.\"We found his scooter a few feet away from the spot. The youth was identified as Lalji Vaghela, a resident of Punit Nagar near Lakhudi Talavdi in Navrangpura. We called upon Vaghela's family members who rushed on the spot and identified him.\" said a GRP official. \"He was working as an attendant at a petrol pump on CG Road. His family members told that his wife Madhu had fled from his house with cash and ornaments last week after which he had approached police,\" said a GRP official.Officials said that betrayal by his wife might have driven him to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024198", "title": "Didn't know of horror home: Disabilities commissioner", "text": "KOLKATA: Disabilities commissioner Mita Bandyopadhyay insists that she knew nothing of the goings on at the Gurap rehab home in spite of inspecting it personally a year ago.Bandyopadhyay claims that when she visited the Khajurdaha rehab, its administrators \"did not reveal that patients with mental disabilities were also housed there\". Instead, they paraded elderly women who complained of lack of food and clothing due to funds crunch.Bandyopadhyay told TOI on Tuesday that officials of Dulal Smriti Sansad had shown her only one section of the home that housed old homeless women. \"I had no clue there were women with mental disabilities till news reports were published following the mysterious death of Guriya. The home did not tell me that they were keeping women with disabilities when I visited, neither did they disclose it to the department later,\" Bandyopadhyay said.If the home did not have mentally or physically challenged inmates, why would the \"disabilities commissioner\" inspect it in the first place?At the Gurap home, patients with mental disabilities were kept along with homeless girls, old women and rescued sex workers. \"Patients with mental disabilities should never have been kept with children. The stories of exploitation that have since emerged are horrifying. Had I known, I would definitely have intervened,\" she said.Dulal Smriti Sansad presents a very disturbing picture but is hardly an exception. None of the homes report to Bandyopadhyay's office, making it impossible for the department to keep a tab, she says.The problem is that NGOs get registered under the Societies Registration Act and try to dip their hand in every pie. You might find the same NGO running a home for destitutes and the mentally ill and also claiming to work on animal shelter.\"How can this happen? Looking after patients with mental disabilities has a set of challenges that is completely different from taking care of the elderly or homeless children. Clearly, they lack focus and are more interested in cornering funds,\" said Bandyopadhyay.Bandyopadhyay said she went for a \"surprise visit\" to the Gurap home after it applied for more funds. \"A recommendation had been sent from the district on NGO's proposal to set up an old-age home and a de-addiction centre. I went to check if there was a genuine requirement,\" she said.At Gurap, the commissioner says, she was \"impressed by the huge infrastructure and saw a genuine need for funds\". \"I enquired in the locality and learnt that youths were addicted to pesticide and a de-addiction centre was required. At the home, I spoke to three-four inmates aged 70-75 years. One of them held my hand and cried that there wasn't enough to eat or wear because the NGO did not have money. It seemed genuine then but I wonder if she had been tutored,\" Bandyopadhyay said, adding that the NGOs had a very good network and got alerted about such visits.With the registrar of societies not questioning the veracity of the organizations or their motive in stating 17 to 18 disparate objectives and fields of work, there is no system in place to monitor their functioning. \"If someone sets up a home that exclusively caters to the disabled, then my department should be informed but it rarely happens. The situation is worse as several NGOs keep patients with mental disabilities who require more care with the aged or children to garner funds available for each. But the information never trickles down to us,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15025578", "title": "Woman killed in parapet wall collapse", "text": "MADURAI: A woman was killed on Monday, when the parapet wall of a house near which she was walking fell on her due after heavy rain lashed the city. The victim was buried under the debris and died, while her infant granddaughter also suffered serious injuries. Police said, Renuka (40) wife of Ganeshan of M K Puram in Jaihindpuram in Madurai, was taking dinner to her husband's shop, carrying her one-year-old granddaughter Seeta with her, when the mishap occurred. She was walking near the house of Raja in Muthuthevar Street at about 7pm, when heavy rain lashed many parts of Madurai. Suddenly, the parapet wall of the terrace in the house belonging to Raja, an AIADMK functionary, which had been damaged, gave way and fell on top of Renuka who was walking below, burying her under the debris. Neighbours rushed to her help, but she was declared dead when taken to hospital. The girl also suffered injuries and has been admitted to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024311", "title": "PIL against Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association's school closure call", "text": "BANGALORE: A Public Interest Litigation plea has been moved in the Karnataka High Court against the call for a one-week school bandh given by the Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (Kusma).City advocate S Vasudeva, who filed the PIL, moved it before the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday. The petition will come up for hearing on July 19.The petitioner sought a direction from the state government initiating penal as well as disciplinary action against office-bearers of Kusma for giving this call. He also sought derecognition of schools which don't respect the apex court's verdict.The petitioner sought a direction for implementing the Supreme Court's judgment which upheld the RTE Act, 2009.With zero sympathy from the public and compliance by many members, Kusma's strike call failed to make any mark on Day 2 too. The Department of Public Instruction said that less than ten schools in the city remained closed on Tuesday, as did less than 100 of 1,800 schools across Karnataka. The association was firm about going ahead with the agitation, but the strike fizzled out on Day 1 itself, as only 60 schools remained shut and others ignored the call.On Tuesday, Kusma which claims it has 3,500 schools under its umbrella but didn't give a list, said: \"All our member schools were closed on day two as well. The figures being given by the department of public instruction are bogus. Not only our member schools, but other private schools have also extended their support, some by shutting down and supporting our demands,\" said A Mariyappa, secretary, Kusma. He added that the strike may continue beyond the period specified, if their demands are not fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "15023739", "title": "Police looking for terror suspect's accomplices", "text": "DARBHANGA: A two-member team of the Delhi Police (special branch) brought terror suspect Kafil Akhtar to Darbhanga on Monday in search of his accomplices involved in a blast in Bangalore on April 17, 2010. Kafil belongs to Barh Samaila village under the Keoti police station of Darbhanga district.The Karnataka police had arrested Akhtar from his village on May 6 this year and handed him over to the Delhi Police for further interrogation. According to reports, the Delhi Police team took Akhtar to various places in the town in connection with their probe.The two-member Delhi police team comprised SI Yogesh Kumar and ASI Rishpal. Akhtar was reportedly taken to a house in Chakjohra mohalla to inquire about the whereabouts of a person. However, no arrest was made by the Delhi Police team, which left Darbhanga on Monday evening, Laheriasarai police station SHO Chandra Prakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15024786", "title": "Stressed out Chinese goes missing, traced later", "text": "Hubli: A stressed out Chinese working in Hospet Steels Ltd of Kalyani Group sent police into a tizzy on Tuesday after his colleagues filed a missing complaint. He was later traced late in the night. Li Jianping (in pic), 41, who is working as chief technical officer in Hospet Steels Ltd, Ginigera in Koppal, went missing from the guest house where he was staying. He was staying with his four friends working in the same company. The team is involved in the expansion of Hospet steel unit and are in Koppal since June. When Jianping did not turn up at work till afternoon, a missing complaint was filed at Munirabad police station. Three police teams fanned out across Hospet, Bellary, Raichur and other surrounding areas of Koppal. At around 8pm, police traced him near Jianping near the Kirloskar factory, about 9 km away from his company. Speaking to TOI, SP B S Prakash, said that Jianping was under severe stress and wanted to take a break from his hectic work schedule. So he decided to take a stroll around the city. But lost his way. Jianping was unable to converse with the locals for directions. When his picture was flashed on local TV channels, residents identified him and alerted police, Prakash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023377", "title": "Father of starlet wants CBI probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Accusing the police of failing to investigate the disappearance of his daughter, Bollywoood starlet Laila Khan, in a proper manner, her father Nadir Hussain Patel (60) filed a petition before the Bombay high court on Tuesday, seeking transfer of the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).Laila, her mother Saleena Patel, elder sister Asmina Patel, twin siblings Zara and Imran and a relative, Reshma Khan aka Tulli, had disappeared from their Oshiwara flat on February 7, 2011. Earlier this month, the police recovered six skeletons which were buried at the family's Igatpuri farmhouse.The police arrested the main accused, Parvez Khan, the third husband of Salee-na Patel.Nadir had approached the police in May 2011 suspecting foul play. Being represented by advocate Ejaz Naqvi, Nadir alleged that the police failed to investigate the case properly. \"Right from the start, the police has adopted a bias approach and defamed the victims and the petitioner's family,\" he claimed. He alleged that the police waited for over 18 months and allowed evidence to be destroyed.He claimed that since the Maharashtra police showed little interest, the Jammu &amp; Kashmir police had let off main accused in the case, Shakir Husain Wani. \"The police waited till full decomposition of the bodies of the victims and delayed investigations,\" he alleged.The petitioner added that property worth Rs55 lakh was missing from the farmhouse.\"The police's lethargic attitude, delay in setting in motion the investigation and inexcusable wrongs/errors have caused irreparable loss to his family,\" Nadir claim-ed. Besides seeking transfer of the investigation, Nadir sought an inquiry against officers of the Oshiwara police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027621", "title": "From Tolly with love, says Bidita", "text": "While her debut Bollywood venture, \"From Sydney with Love\", is slated to release soon, Bidita Bag seems to be going great guns in T-town too. In Partha Sarathi Joarder's \"Kagojer Nouko\", she is playing a journo, Nusrat.Talking about her new role, the girl says, \"I play a journalist who works for the electronic media. Nusrat, who lost her father in childhood, is loved by all. Her boyfriend's (Priyam) parents too are extremely fond of her.\" Bidita is also excited about getting into the shoes of a journo. \"I'm having great fun. A few of many friends work for media houses and I have a fair idea about the profession. The film, which revolves around chit fund companies, deals largely with corruption.\" Meanwhile, the actor is gearing up for the Sydney premiere of her Bolly flick. \"I hope the audience appreciates my hard work,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025267", "title": "Victory depends on one right move: Anand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Your victory depends on one right move, if you make it you win, if you don't, you lose,\" said five-time world chess champion, Viswanathan Anand . He was in the city to give a three-year full scholarship, Turning Point, to Rajat Kapoor, an underprivileged BCom student from Ambala, for making his dream of making a mark in the IT industry come true.Anand, who retained his title after beating challenger Boris Gelfand in a nail-biting match at the World Chess Championship 2012 in Moscow recently, talked about his 'turning point' moments at the contest.Asked about ways of promoting the game, he suggested making it a part of the curriculum.\"The students might not take up the game professionally but its regular practice would enhance their skills which in turn would help them score better in their exams,\" he said. He has been privately promoting the inclusion of chess in academics and feels that the state governments should also take an initiative in this regard. \"Just like Gujarat and Tamil Nadu have made it a part of school curriculums recently,\" he said.Talking about his success mantra and how he feels about being a champion for so many years he said, \"Success does not come by chance. It is the result of hard work, positive attitude, strategic thinking and making the most of opportunities that life offers. Also the challenge for me was not just to win the game but to retain the title.\"For aspiring chess players he said, \"There are no shortcuts to success. Practicing definitely makes you perfect as it is only after regular practice that the concepts fall in place and you don't have to think hard.\"Talking about Chandigarh he said, \"It was 25 years ago that I came here last with my parents. Those memories have faded but I remember residents here being proud of living in such a well planned city and they continue to be so even today. But the traffic has surely increased.\"Anand would begin his series of tournaments in September in Brazil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023773", "title": "Cabinet approves mutation rules", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday approved the amendment to Bihar Treasury Code, 2011, empowering the treasury officers concerned to pass the detailed contingency (DC) bill before it is sent to the office of accountant general (AG), Bihar.Principal secretary, cabinet coordination, Ravi Kant said the cabinet also approved the Bihar Mutation Rules to give responsibility to circle officers (COs) for mutation of any land after its registration at the state registry offices. Under the new provision, after registration of land or property, the concerned registry office would send the particulars to the CO concerned for mutation.The cabinet also gave its nod to the proposal for not charging any registration fee for treatment of pregnant mothers and children of all category under Janani Shishu Suraksha programme within 30 days of their sickness.It approved the fund to acquire land for construction of three bypass roads. They are Rajgir bypass, measuring 6.49 km to link State highway 71 from Neema village to national highway 82 near Hasanpur village at a cost of Rs 34.16 crore, Hilsa bypass measuring 6.57 km at a cost of Rs 89.73 crore, and Islampur bypass measuring 4.3 km at a cost of Rs 27.7 crore.The cabinet also approved transferring of .665 acre of land adjacent to Patna high court to the law department for extension of Patna high court premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024437", "title": "Korchi sarpanchs to fast for development today", "text": "NAGPUR: The political drama in Korchi tehsil in northern Gadchiroli following mass resignations of elected representatives and police patils got a new twist when the sarpanch association decided to observe a day-long hunger strike on Wednesday protesting district administration's alleged neglect of developmental issues. On July 25, the village headmen association and other organizations are to observe 'chakka jaam' in a follow up action.In the Naxal-dominated Korchi tehsil, local populations' fight for development is an intriguing phase. The rebels have been calling the shots here in the last two decades. Though the security agencies strongly believe Naxals are behind the resignations and the ensuing stalemate, local village headmen are claiming that their agitation was solely for development of tehsil and protection of environment.Nandkishore Vairagade, secretary of the village headmen federation, said the district administration was ignoring the people's call for accountability and transparency. \"We quit over issue of development in our tehsil but the officials seem least bothered about it,\" he said. He also added that several crucial civic functions like purifying water, cleaning of nullahs, distribution of the important certificates needed by the land owners, tillers or students had stopped as the village panchayats had stopped functioning after the resignations. \"The entire government machinery has come to a standstill in tehsil,\" he said.District collector, Gadchiroli, Abhishek Krishna said that the officials were available at his office where the village headmen can come for a meeting anytime. \"Out of 23 demands we have come to know about, 14 have already been met and while on others work is underway. There are a few which are not in our hands but we have sent them to higher ups for resolution,\" said Krishna. He said there is no question of mining in the area as the district administration had sent proposal for cancellation of prospective licence.\"Last year, around Rs 12 crore were spent in Korchi. Around Rs 7 crore were spent through the gram panchayat where sarpanchs handled the projects. Neglect of development is a baseless allegation,\" said Krishna adding that district administration was also trying to ensure a bank is opened at Kotgul in Korchi tehsil.It is learnt that apart from Korchi, works of the civic administration at the tehsil level was affected in Bhamragarh, Etapalli and Dhanora where too several elected representatives and village headmen have resigned. \"We have appointed administrators at several places to carry on the work in absence of the elected members,\" said the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024704", "title": "Financial firm dupes over 1 thousands depositors", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city-based financial service company has duped thousands of its customers to the tune of Rs 10 crore. Nine of the victims, who had deposited money with City Financial Management Services, approached the Central Crime station (CCS) police on Tuesday alleging that the owner of the firm, V Sai Ramesh, had duped them in the name of a money deposit scheme.The victims claimed that in November 2011, Ramesh started a new money deposit scheme in which a depositor had to invest an amount between Rs 3,000 and Rs 12,000 and were promised huge amounts in return for the next 10 months. For instance, if a depositor invested Rs 3,000, Ramesh would give back Rs 1,500 every month for the next 10 months.After a depositor makes an investment, Ramesh used to email a login ID and password to the depositor. Using the login ID, a depositor could enter the database and click on advertisements of various products visible on the company website to get some fixed amount of money, which would be deposited in the account of the depositor.As Ramesh was returning the promised amount promptly, the number of investors swelled to over 1,000 and some people even invested over Rs 10 lakh, CCS additional DCP Jaffar Javed said.Everything was fine until a week ago when Ramesh stopped coming to the office. Some customers grew suspicious as they did not receive the monthly return from the companyand visited the office located at flat number 402, Surabhi Sapphire Apartments near RTC X Roads. Since Friday the office remained closed and Ramesh switched off his mobile phone. On Sunday, some of the depositors approached the Chikkadpally police, who directed them to the CCS.Based on the complaint lodged by Venkata Ramana, Mallesh, Bhaskar and others, the CCS police have booked a case under Sections 420 (Cheating), 406 (Criminal breach of trust) of IPC and Sections 3 and 4 of the Prize Chits &amp; Money Circulation Act 1978 against Ramesh and launched a man-hunt to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024474", "title": "Meetha neem pandal encroaches on road as officials sleep", "text": "NAGPUR: Come festival season and the city roads are prone to encroachments by religious pandals. Both police and civic body are content with paying lip service, being too scared to act against the illegal act. The fresh case is a 'pandal' coming up on the road in front of Mitha Neem Durgah near high security Vidhan Bhavan where winter session of state legislature is held every year.The 'temporary' structure is being constructed ahead of the holy Ramzan month starting from third week of July. However, no permission has been sought either from DCP traffic office or from NMC's Mangalwari zone office, confirmed officials. \"The authorities, of course, will not take any action against this on their own,\" motorists said.The casual approach of the authorities has invited wrath of the judiciary. On September 16, 2009, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court had ordered removal of illegal pandals, welcome gates, stages of temporary nature causing obstruction, disruption or adversely affecting free flow of traffic on any road within corporation limits. The number of such structures has only multiplied following as no action has ever been taken by NMC or city police. Among the worst affected zones are Mangalwari, Dharampeth, Sakkardara, Gandhibagh etc.Lawyer Anil Kilor stated that both municipal commissioner and police commissioner should be booked for contempt of court. \"It is shocking that both ignore HC directives so blatantly.\" He also ridiculed authorities' stance that action will hurt religious sentiments. The HC's directive was for the smooth movement of traffic, he added. Senior inspector (traffic south) Avinash More, however, assured to initiate action against the illegal structure. \"We will lodge a complaint with Sitabuldi police and it is up to them to take action,\" he clarified.Assistant municipal commissioner (Mangalwari zone) R Bhivgade refused to comment stating he was busy in a meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025255", "title": "Bridge under construction over Gomti river collapses", "text": "LUCKNOW: An under-constructed bridge over Gomti on Sitapur-Hardoi Road bypass near Madiaon collapsed on Tuesday afternoon, exposing the quality of construction in the civic projects in the state capital. On a brighter side, no causality was reported.According to reports, the construction of the 250-metre-long bridge situated in Ghaila locality on the Ring Road connecting the two national highways - Sitapur Road and Kanpur Road - was being carried out for the past two years by a unit of UP Bridge Corporation. On Tuesday, the beams of the bridge gave way and a major part of the structure caved in. The incident took place just around the time when heavy rains lashed the locality in the afternoon.Bridge corporation general manager N Ram said that an inquiry has been set up into the incident. He, however, maintained that prima facie it did not look to be a case of faulty design or lapse in the quality of construction material. \"Things will be clear after an exhaustive inquiry is done,\" Ram said. At the same time, a team of engineers from IIT-BHU has been roped in to assess the quality of materials used in the construction of the bridge.UP Bridge Corporation sources said that beams were laid only three days ago. They were, however, not tied up with each other as part of the support system. Eye witnesses said that the beams shoved off from their place and the structure came down crashing amidst heavy rains and strong winds lashing the locality. This was quite similar to the collapse of a flyover in Faizabad Road near Chinhat in 2008 in which two persons were killed on the spot.The said bridge was being constructed along the already constructed two lane bridge over the river in a bid to make it a four-lane structure. Sources said that the bridge was supposed to be completed by the year end. While officials of UP Bridge Corporation refused to comment, sources said that the project may well be delayed by another two years time. The bridge was crucial given the state government focus on extensive housing projects, including the Prabandhnagar Yojana of the Lucknow Development Authority in the area.The project started during the regime of former BSP government would fresh armour to the Samajwadi Party to attack the BSP on the issue of corruption. The incident has also raised a question mark over the forth coming projects which the UP Bridge Corporation is about to undertake. Already proposals for a flyover and two railway over bridges are under consideration at the level of the state government.There were also indications of quite a few senior officials of the bridge corporation coming under scanner of the PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav, who, significantly, has been on a suspension spree in the past four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028143", "title": "Producing album with Sunny G is a dream come true: Rob E", "text": "It was a dream come true for Punjabi singer Rob-E when he met with seasoned producer Sunny-G and he agreed to work with him to produce this debut single Driver!Driver is a Bhangra tune with a difference. A real infectious little number, it'll have you tapping your feet in seconds. It's accompanied by a quirky video in which Rob-E ejects Sunny-G from his VW Vanette to make space for a beautiful girl he sees stranded by the side of the road.Rob-E hails from Bhatinda in India and has been singing from the age of six to school friends and relatives. He was inspired, like many others by the folk legends of Punjab including Kuldeep Manak, Gurdas Mann and Chamkila.In 2006 he was asked to sing in front of the whole school and received great response and some commented that he had a musical future ahead of him.This led to the singer realising that he had one chance to realise his dream and that to make it he had to go to the UK. With blessings and full support of his family he took the plunge and flew off to London .Then followed almost 6 months of searching for a producer till a chance meeting on Facebook with Sunny-G created 'Driver'.Sunny is no stranger to the music world. He previously released an EP called Gettin Started and has worked on numerous productions 'behind the scenes'. Sunny-G has his own style, sound and ideas that bring together a fusion of Bhangra, Hip Hop and other genres which influences his unique sound. He is classically trained and plays a number of instruments such as the Dholki, Dhol, Tabla and Harmonium. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15025281", "title": "CBI begins investigation into sexual abuse at shelter home", "text": "ROHTAK: Months after 94 children, mostly girls, were rescued from a shelter home run by an NGO in Rohtak, CBI on Tuesday began its probe into allegations of sexual abuse, physical and mental torture of inmates.CBI joint director Anila Palta and deputy inspector General Mahesh Aggarwal held a meeting with police and civil administrative officers and checked official records of the shelter home and the outcome of preliminary investigation conducted by the local police into the matter.They also interacted with the special investigation team (SIT) constituted by Haryana DGP Ranjeev Singh Dalal to inquire into alleged involvement of local police officials in the episode.The investigation would be impartial and the victims would get justice, Palta told reporters later.\"We have just started the probe and various sorts of records and files pertaining to Apna Ghar are being collected,\" he said, adding that the accused would also be taken on remand again, whose statements were required for comprehensive investigation. The shelter home run by an NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh had landed in controversy when a team of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights had rescued 94 children, mostly girls after carrying out a surprise raid there on May 9.Ten persons, including its caretaker Jaswanti Devi and a former SI of Haryana Police Bhim Singh Ranga, have so far been arrested in connection with the case. Similar cases of exploitation of inmates at shelter homes were found in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "15023889", "title": "Badminton tourney begins", "text": "MADHUBANI: Sponsored by the department of art, culture and youth and organised by the Madhubani District Badminton Association, All India Junior Ranking Badminton Tournament 2012, began in Madhubani on Tuesday at the Town Hall. The tournament was formally inaugurated jointly by the president of Bihar Badminton Association and leader of opposition in state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui and rural development minister Nitish Mishra.Speaking on this occasion, while Siddiqui appreciated the efforts by the organising committee to make the event a success in a small place like Madhubani, Mishra thanked the National Badminton Federation for providing Madhubani an opportunity to host such a prestigious tournament. The tournament will conclude on July 20. Both boys and girls from 20 states including Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Chhatishgarh, and Chandigarh were present to prove their mettle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024414", "title": "Satwik Shastri could have been saved, rues father", "text": "BANGALORE: Parents of Satwik Shastri, who was trampled to death by elephants during a trek in Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP) last weekend, believe their son could have been saved if his friends had disclosed earlier that they had been attacked by elephants on Saturday night.The trampled body of the 24-year-old senior business analyst with Mu Sigma Inc was found in a bush near a water body in the forest on Monday. He had gone on a trek with Anupam Manur and Ashish Shenoy. On Tuesday, police said Ashish informed them that he heard rustle made by moving elephants when Satwik went missing.Dinesh Shastri, Satwik's father and accounting and networking security entrepreneur, told TOI that a slipper, which led rescue workers to his son's body, actually belonged to Ashish.\"This means that Ashish ran away from the spot where elephants had attacked Satwik. If he had revealed this information on time we could have located him earlier. Probably, Satwik was alive for some time after he was attacked. I am told that if anyone is attacked by elephants the victim can be saved if he gets first aid within two hours,\" Dinesh said.Ashish, 24, is a business development executive with Gamucci, an electronic cigarette company, while Anupam, 24, is a research associate with IIM-B. TOI tried contacting Ashish and Anupam, but there was no response.A senior forest officer too lamented that if only the boys had revealed the truth about elephant attack things could have been different. \"We have experts who can track down elephant trail. Elephants leave behind a smell and experts can sense it. We may have been able to deploy these experts earlier and the search could have yielded a different outcome,\" he said.Dinesh said he was informed of his son going missing by Anupam's father at 10.30pm on Saturday.He explained that he had no idea that his son had gone to Bannerghatta though he saw the trio leaving the house in the afternoon. He assumed that they were on some trekking expedition.He said youngsters should be prevented from entering forests.REST IN PEACESatwik was cremated on Tuesday morning at Wilson Garden crematorium. Family and friends requested the media to stay away. A case has been filed by forest department officials against Ashish and Anupam for illegally entering the forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15025054", "title": "Farmers up in arms against land sharks in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: Punjab is set to witness a farmers versus government clash in the coming days as 17 major farmers' organizations have decided to start an agitation on July 30 against the forcible eviction of ryots from their agriculture land.Blaming a nexus between land mafia and cops, the farmers alleged that several political leaders in the state have hatched a plot to rob the farmers of their land, which was given to them by the government on 100-year lease.Punjab has been witnessing farmers-police clashes in the past few months in several villages where the owners were forcibly evicted from their land even before the expiry of the lease period.At an emergency meeting, presided over by Buta Singh Burajgill, state president of Bharti Kisan Union (Dakaunda), the farmers have called for a state-wide agitation from July 30 to oppose the \"mafia's land-grab agenda\".Darshan Pal, district president of BKU (Dakaunda), said the mafia has set its eyes on the fertile land owned by small farmers in the villages. Years ago, the government had given poor farmers barren land on lease for boosting agriculture in the state, he added. However, now the land is fertile and its market value has gone up to unimaginable levels. So, the land sharks are now after the farmers, Darshan Pal said. \"They are changing the names on the lease agreements now with the help of revenue department officials and trying to evict genuine owners from the farm land.\"\"The farmers have been tilling their land for the past 45 years after getting it on lease. How can the government evict them without conducting the mandatory land auction,\" he asked. According to the norms set by the government, re-auctioning is must before allotting the agriculture land to anybody other than the present owner.On June 19, farmers of Charason and Balbera villages had clashed with police over the possession of a piece of land and the cops had booked 61 farmers under Section 307 of IPC. However, 15 of them had died years ago. Another one has been in Iraq for the past 12 years and 10 others were not even residents of the two villages. Surprisingly, police top brass has failed to take action against the erring policemen.Villages like Ghoga and Kaler Ghuman in Amritsar district and Nihal Khera in Fazilka had also witnessed bloody clashes.The farmers will stage sit-ins at district headquarters on July 30 as part of their agitation.They will also distributed 30,000 posters across the state to seeking support for their stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023337", "title": "Water shot her into limelight", "text": "MUMBAI: If there was anyone who brought water into Mumbai's political consciousness, it was Mrinal Gore. The veteran socialist's relentless campaign in the 1970s for drinking water, which earned her the sobriquet of Paaniwaali Bai, not only shot her into the limelight but forced the administration to draw up a water supply plan.On Tuesday, the 84-year-old Gore passed away at Vasai's Cardinal Gracias hospital, following a cardiac arrest. Her funeral on Wednesday afternoon at the Oshiwara cemetery will be conducted with full state honours.Gore was part of the trio comprising Ahilya Rangnekar and Tara Reddy who led women's movements across the country. The three women belonged to different parties -Gore was a socialist, Rangnekar a CPM activist and Reddy with the CPI-but they always came together for a public cause.NCP MLC Vidya Chavan, who began her career with Gore, recounts how every Wednesday, women would meet at Gore's bungalow.\"Kamaltai Desai, Baburao Samant and Mrinaltai would address us,\" she says. \"We would discuss things like the price rise and unavailability of essentials, and how to bring this up through agitations and dharnas.''One of Chavan's fondest memories is how ordinary housewives entered Mantralaya with rolling pins and thalis and stormed the offices of ministers to highlight the price rise issue. It did not stop there. The trio convinced women to gather every evening after sundown at street corners with the rolling pin and empty plate and bang on it for 30 minutes. With such deep involvement in the miseries of the common man, it is little wonder then that Gore won the assembly elections from Goregaon in 1972 though the then PM Indira Gandhi personally campaigned for her rival Madhav Paranjpe. In 1977, during the Emergency when Gore won the parliamentary elections, the clever slogan raised was, 'Paaniwalibai Dilli mein. Dilliwali bai paani mein'.Ramesh Joshi, secretary, BMC Teachers Union, recounts how Gore was arrested during the Emergency and moved to several prisons, as the government wanted to know the whereabouts of George Fernandes who, at that time, was an accused in the Baroda bomb blast case. However, for someone so aggressive on people's issues, Gore was extremely soft-spoken, which endeared her to the police officers sent to arrest her.Gore raised her voice and was active in innumerable issues: she exposed the cement scandal in 1981, which cost the then chief minister A R Antulay his job and political career; brought women together to fight for the victims of the 'Jalgaon sex scandal' of 1994 where young girls were raped and blackmailed by a powerful cartel; agitated for 18 years with her colleague Baburao Samant to get 62 acres of land for the Nagari Nivara Parishad at Goregaon for 6,000 affordable tenements. In the BMC, she, along with George Fernandes and Shobnath Singh, insisted that the proceedings of the BMC be conducted in Marathi and succeeded.(with inputs by Sandhya Nair)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025670", "title": "CNG losing out to diesel in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diesel's gain is CNG's loss in the capital, spelling bad news for the city's air. Dealers are reporting a 60%-80 % drop in sales of CNG kits for private vehicles since the beginning of 2012. They say many car owners who had got these kits retrofitted in their cars now want to sell the equipment as they are moving to diesel vehicles.There are three main reasons for the drop in demand \u2014 the narrowing difference between CNG and diesel prices, poor quality of Chinese CNG kits and the rising price of kits due to depreciation of the rupee . With CNG prices having risen sharply in the past two years, it is now cheaper to run many diesel models as compared to CNG ones.Another hike in fuel prices seems likely with crude prices breaching $100 a barrel, and this time diesel won't be spared. Diesel prices haven't been revised since June 2011 due to protests, leading to a loss of more than Rs 10 a litre for oil firms.Substandard CNG kits drive switch to dieselThe drop in the demand for CNG kits among the city's car owners not only undermines the Delhi government's move to promote the clean fuel but is also an indication of the growing preference for diesel vehicles that have contributed heavily raising the city's pollution levels.Delhi Pollution Control Committee's data for premonsoon months shows that levels of ozone, a byproduct of diesel emissions, have been the highest this summer. Last month, the World Health Organization also classified diesel emissions as a class-I carcinogen . In 2011, close to 3 lakh diesel private cars were registered in Delhi as against just 2,000-odd CNG cars.\"Around six months back, I was fitting about 50-60 CNG kits. Right now I would be lucky to do even two or three fittings a month. At the time of the Commonwealth Games , the government was promoting CNG and we had a lot of business. After that there was absolutely no incentive and we were left to deal with the arbitrary rise in fuel prices. If sales continue like this, I am planning to close down the business in a couple of months,\" said Raman Vohra, a dealer. The difference between CNG and diesel is about Rs 4 at present. In Delhi, CNG costs around Rs 38.35 per kg while diesel around Rs 42 per litre. \"People would rather pay that difference as diesel offers other benefits. Diesel is available everywhere and there are no long queues for refuelling, as is the case with CNG. Earlier, when petrol rates went up by even Rs 2, we would get a long line of customers . This time, though petrol rates have shot up, we have not received any additional customers,\" said Vohra.Industry sources say increasing use of Chinesemade CNG kits, being sold under the garb of Italian products , has left customers dissatisfied. \"We have a tie up with importers who get government-approved kits. However , what they supply to us are different goods. The Chinese kits do not perform as well and deter consumers from getting retrofitting done. Because of the depreciation of the rupee, prices have gone up while demand is coming down,\" said Vinod Mehta, another dealer.Sources say the price of an Indian CNG kit costs Rs 18,000 to Rs 50,000, depending on the type while an Italian one comes for about Rs 26,000. \"Prices have gone up by Rs 3,000 or so in the past few months. My sales have dropped by over 60%. Instead, I get at least three to four calls each week from customers wanting to sell off their kits as they are switching to diesel vehicles ,\" said R K Jain, a dealer in south Delhi.Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director at Centre for Science and Environment , says when the Supreme Court directed the Delhi government to switch to CNG, it had asked it to actively promote the fuel. For this, CNG should be cheap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023515", "title": "Wind a big factor at British Open: Anirban Lahiri", "text": "MUMBAI: Playing in a Major is every golfer's childhood dream. And when one is making his debut, the excitement just shoots up to the brim.Bangalore-based pro Anirban Lahiri is one of the two Indians, besides Jeev Milkha Singh , to compete in the British Open, which gets underway this Thursday, and wants to make his maiden appearance memorable. Jeev will be participating in the world's oldest Major for the second time by virtue of his Scottish Open victory on Sunday.\"It's very exciting to be playing in The Open. Growing up, that's where you want to be... It's been a dream of mine. There are many players who would like to be part of such an event, live that moment, and I am happy to be doing that,\" Lahiri told TOI from Lancashire on Tuesday.Lahiri was aware of the challenge he had to face at the Royal Lythan &amp; St Annes and that prompted him to go to the venue in early June with his coach Vijay Divecha to acclimatize to the conditions. He even picked up local lad Rob Gibson to caddy him for the third Major of the year.\"I think it was good that I managed to go there early to get a feel of the course. I played a couple of rounds too. It gave me a great look at how things might be. During one of my rounds I met Gibson and after I got to know that he has been caddying on the circuit for the last 20 years, asked him to partner me,\" he added.Tackling winds blowing between 5 to 15 mph will be the key to success, even as light to heavy intermittent showers could play spoilsport, as the forecasts suggest.\"I played a practice round on Sunday and Monday and have understood that one has to keep the ball in play, shoot flat. Winds will be a big factor. There are 208 bunkers and all of them are in play depending on the wind. It can be so severe if the wind switches. Plus, one has to negotiate the rough well, as it is quite thick. I had even sought advice from Jyoti (Randhawa) and Jeev on how to handle link courses and would try to apply them,\" said Lahiri.Asians have never won The Open and the closest they came to winning was in 1971 when Lu Liang-huan of Chinese Taipei finished second behind Lee Trevino of the United States . However, Lahiri is prudent enough not to set any targets for himself. \"The plan is not to put pressure and treat it as any other event. My swing has improved and I am more confident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "tripoli", "code": "15025355", "title": "In video, rebels use Gaddafi's body as ventriloquist's doll", "text": "TRIPOLI: A gruesome new video has surfaced online, which shows Libyan rebels using former dictator Muammar Gaddafi's corpse as a ventriloquist's doll.The shocking clip, which was posted on YouTube on Monday, showed how highspirited demonstrators abused Gaddafi's dead body.According to the Daily Mail, the footage came to light after a Syrian activist linked to it on Twitter, aiming a threat at Syria's President Bashar al-Assad .The minute-long , unverified video,seems to have been filmed on October 20 last year, the day Gaddafi was captured and killed by rebel forces.The clip, which was subsequently featured on the Huffington Post , shows the corpse lying topless and covered in blood.According to the paper, one rebel grabs its head and manipulates it while talking in Arabic, apparently mocking the dead leader.After the video was posted online, Syrian anti-government protestor Sami Al Hamwi wrote about it on Twitter, adding, 'someone needs to send this to Assad'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024086", "title": "MoEF asks state govt to stop dump mining", "text": "PANAJI: Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has asked the state government to order a halt to dump mining in Goa, stating that it is illegal, as it is beyond the scope of the environment clearance (EC) issued by the ministry.Referring to reports about dump mining being carried out in the state without prior approval in the form of a fresh EC, the ministry wrote to chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava pointing out that an EC is granted based on project documents, environment impact assessment (EIA) report and the approved mining plan.Further, the ministry while asking the state to initiate immediate action against such activity, stated that the EC by it did not include dump mining. \"Any dump mining being carried out in Goa is therefore completely violative of the conditions of environment clearance granted by this ministry and is illegal,\" the letter to the chief secretary states.The ministry has directed the state to initiate action under Section 19 of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 and the rules against all the projects which have resorted to dump mining illegally.Speaking to media persons on the eve of completion of 100 days of the BJP government in the state, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had stated that the dumps in mining areas are worth 30,000 crore and will last about 15 years.Later, he had said the government would consider identification of the dumps, but clarified soon after adverse reactions from some quarters, that the government would not allow removal of iron ore rejection until the state government finalized the mining policy by mid-July.On Monday, Parrikar stated in the Goa assembly that there are no illegal mines in Goa, but whenever there is unauthorized extraction, action is initiated against defaulters. Parrikar also informed that a team of chartered accountants would be constituted to undertake an audit of the returns related to ore exports in the context of mining activity.MoEF has pointed out that removal of dumps is fraught with environmental impacts and the expert appraisal committee should be informed about it. The EC is linked to mitigation measures which are inevitable due to the ecological damage caused by removal of dumps.The ministry has also asked the state to submit an action taken report to it, after initiating action against illegal dump mining. Earlier, the mines department had asked the state government not to allow removal of iron ore rejection without consulting MoEF.Environmentalists have criticized the government move to allow removal of dumps, alleging that it would have disastrous environmental consequences, as mining has already done considerable damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15029205", "title": "Celebs pay tribute to Rajesh Khanna", "text": "For some he defined romance on screen, for some his heart-warming performances brought tears, and for a whole lot of Bollywood celebrities Rajesh Khanna, Hindi cinema's \"first superstar\", was the \"phenomenon\" whose \"magic\" will live on forever through his memorable films, dialogues and songs.Young and veteran - celebrities of all age groups remembered Rajesh Khanna, fondly called 'Kaka', who passed away here Wednesday following prolonged illness.Many of them took to Twitter to share their experiences and thoughts about the 69-year-old, who delivered hits like \"Anand\", \"Kati Patang\" and \"Aradhana\" among about 160 films that he featured in. Kunal Kohli: The word SuperStar was used first for Rajesh Khanna. His style. His Ada. His charm. His smile. His songs. His films. He will always live on.Raima Sen: A final salute to star Rajesh Khanna, he who defined stardom..Sherlyn Chopra: Rajesh Khanna ji REST IN PEACE.Siddharth: Superstar Rajesh Khanna has left us:( so many films, songs and memories...r.i.p sirKailash Kher: Superstar of our fathers generation is gone from this world, he was beyond ths word called(Actor) true Icon World will miss forever, prayerPrateik Babbar: Zindagi ka safar..hai yeh kaisa safar..koi samjha nahi.. - aap shayad samajh gaye..RiP Rajesh Khanna SahaB..upar SmitA se zaroor milna..Madhur Bhandarkar: The epitome of superstardom is no more amongst us. There was none, there is none &amp; there won't be any like you kakaji. You will be missed.Arshad Warsi: RIP KAKA.... God bless n have mercy on his soul....Farah Khan: Just hrd the saddest news.the 1st Superstar of india is no more.bt the legend that was Rajesh khanna will live eternally thru his films.Tusshar Kapoor: Rajesh Khanna ji, our 1st superstar is no more! I worked with him in kyaa dil ne kaha &amp; learnt a lot just talking to him! May his soul RIP!Nikhil Dwivedi: \"Zindagi lambi nahin badi honi chahiye\". Rajesh Khanna! The biggest ever!!Neha Dhupia: RIP Rajesh khanna Saab ... U , ur stardom, ur magic will live forever!Dia Mirza: \"Babumoshai eto bhalo bhasha bhalo na...\"Anand, Kati Patang, Bawarchi and many more... What a legacy you've left behind. RIP Rajesh KhannajiPayal Rohatgi: Oh god. Sad to hear about Demise of Rajesh khanna ji . This seems to be difficult period for Bollywood where we have lost 2 icons so fast..Pooja Bedi: Deeply saddened to know Rajesh Khanna is no more with us on this planet! Wish the family &amp; all his ardent fans strength!Hansika: RIP rajesh khanna ! The superstar will be missed .Ken Ghosh: RIP Rajesh Khanna- my first memory of a film theatre was weeping while watching - \"Haathi Mere Saathi\"-Shobhaa De: India's only real Superstar is no more. Rajesh Khanna was and remains 'The Phenomenon'.Mandira Bedi: Sad to hear Indias 1st Super star, Rajesh Khanna is no more. RIP.Jeet (Tollywood Actor): 'AAPKE FANS HAMESHA AAPKE RAHENGE' RIP RAJESH KHANNA first superstar of indian cinema.Rahul Bose: RIP Rajesh Khanna. The Phenomenon. Thank you for the magic.Ranvir Shorey: RIP Rajesh Khanna.Anupam Kher: Rajesh Khanna gave us a crash course in romance. He introduced us to a special twinkle in the eye that made us feel good about ourselves.RIPRohit Roy: Just heard about the passing away of the original phenomenon of our industry, Rajesh khanna... Stunned and saddened .. Big big loss.. RIPMahesh Bhatt: When we lose a loved one, something within us dies. Our generation loved Rajesh Khanna. Today a bit if us dies with this enigmatic star.Shilpa Shetty: Jus heard the sad news,heartfelt condolences &amp; prayers 2 the family 2 cope with this irreparable loss,R.I.P Rajesh Khanna, a Superstar always.Shahid Kapoor: RIP to the 1st king of romance ...... Rajesh khanna ...Madhuri Dixit-Nene: Another of Hindi cinema's giants passes, Rajesh Khanna. Our sincere condolences to his family. We will miss him dearly.Shekhar Kapur: 2 young.2 early.Tragic. RIP RajeshKhanna. A candle that burned brighter than any star for 2 short a time.Prosenjit Chatterjee: Zindagi ek Safar...our Super Star..who was a lesson for us left us...Sir we always liked you and your style...RIP Sir..Sandhya Mridul: Itz better to work less but increadile than more forgettable...u rock in ur way..we lov uShah Rukh Khan To live with intention &amp; walk to the edge. Play with abandon, choose with no regret. Smile &amp; made us do the same.Sir,u defined our era.RIPBipasha Basu Loss of a Superstar!Iconic Actor!RIP Rajesh Khanna! - with inputs from AgenciesListen to Rajesh Khanna's evergreen hits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025519", "title": "No water for construction sites, garages", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday issued orders to stop water supply for construction sites and in garages for washing vehicles.\"I have given orders to control the usage of water for constructions using the emergency powers,\" said Mahesh Pathak, municipal commissioner, while speaking to the TOI.\"Scanty rainfall has been reported from catchment areas of dams supplying water to the city, resulting in water scarcity. The civic body has been taking various steps to check wastage and misuse of water,\" said a statement issued by the civic body.The civic administration has said that water being supplied to the city has to be used for drinking purpose only. People or institutions found misusing the water will face action. \"The zonal offices have been instructed to impose a fine on people or institutions found violating the order,\" the statement said.Residents of housing societies, colonies of the flood affected, slums and gaothan areas to repair leaking water tanks, replace leaking taps, valves and public water posts to prevent wastage. The zonal offices will deploy people for inspecting water facilities and get repairs done.The civic administration has started taking action against illegal water connections and misuse of temporary water connections. \"Officials will also take action against hotels, mess, hostels, lodges, institutions, commercial establishments, offices, washing centres, malls and cinema theatres using motors to draw water for their establishments\", the statement said.\"People should inform the civic body of any water leakage or wastage and misuse of water and illegal water connections,\" the statement said. They can dial the deputy commissioner's office 25501383 or 25501386. Aryabhushan water works: 25674046. Swargate water works: 25508163/24442266, Bund Garden water works: 26121453, Cantonment water works: 26361598/26361934.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15024004", "title": "Ranchi University vocational courses gaining rapid popularity", "text": "RANCHI: The post graduate vocational courses of Ranchi University are rapidly gaining popularity among the graduates. These career-oriented courses open doors for immediate employment.Pro VC of RU, VP Sharan said, \"The main objective of the vocational courses is to provide opportunities to pursue professional education for employment at a very low cost. The courses are very popular and seats get filled up fast. The number of applications for admission in every academic session is very high.\"Earlier the vocational courses were limited to few courses at the post graduate level but as the demand increased the university has opened up more options for students of all the three streams\u2014 science, arts and commerce. At present, 22 post graduate vocational courses are being offered by RU.\"All students pursuing MBA, MCA and Journalism are getting jobs as soon as their course gets over. Students of other courses too, are not far behind and almost 95% of them manage to get a job on completion of their courses\", said Sharan.Courses offered exclusively for the students of science background are post graduate degree in electronics and communication, in biotechnology, PG diploma in medicinal plants and plant biotechnology.The other courses available under Ranchi University are MBA, MCA, public administration, mass communication, LLM, human rights education and jyotir vigyan.Seven new vocational courses have been added in the year 2011, including masters in rural development, PG diploma in water resource management, PG degree in archaeology and musicology, PG diploma in gemology, PG diploma in food preservation and bakery, environment management and development and anti human trafficking.\"The new courses are very popular among the students and we have received many applications for the new academic session\", said Sharan.Three new courses are being introduced in this academic session including PG diploma in video production and PG diploma in Arabic and Persian languages, the applications for which have started pouring in. A research scholar of Urdu department, Taslim Arif said, \"Many people have approached us seeking a PG diploma course in Arabic and Persian. I am sure that once the admission procedure starts, not a single seat will remain empty.\"Avinash, a student of MBA at RU said, \"Once my course is over I am sure that I will get placed in some good company. Also the placement cell of RU will be a help for me and my batchmates as it is very active nowadays.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "parachinar", "code": "15026874", "title": "Roadside bomb kills 12 Shiites in Pakistan", "text": "PARACHINAR: A government official says a roadside bomb hit a minibus carrying minority Shiite Muslims in northwest Pakistan, killing 12 people.Jamil Khan says the incident took place Wednesday shortly after the victims left Spai village in the Orakzai tribal area. Spai is a predominantly Shiite village. The Shiites were headed for the nearby district of Kohat.Pakistan is a majority Sunni Muslim state, and most Sunnis and Shiites live peacefully together. But the country has a long history of sectarian attacks by extremists on both sides.In recent times, attacks by Sunnis on Shiites have been more common.The Sunni-Shiite schism over the true heir to Islam's Prophet Muhammad dates back to the seventh century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025285", "title": "High cut-offs leave counsellors flooded with student queries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With top scorers in Class XII turning disappointed from local colleges, including those with percentages as high as 91 in non-medical and commerce streams, college counselors are flooded with queries from students and parents.Left with no choice and having failed to enroll for their dream course in a top college in city, inquisitive students and parents are coming from far off areas from adjoining states of Punjab and Haryana everyday to college counselors. On Day 1 itself, at GGDSD College sector 32, 100 seats were filled up out of 280 for B.Com course and amidst heavy rush. Incidentally, the cut off was way higher than last few years, for UT pool, comprising 15% seats, it was 94.6% and for general pool it was 91.25%. \"There have been several parents whose children scored 91% with non-medical subjects, which is reasonably tough in Class XII, and still did not get admission in GCG-11. We have been suggesting them alternate courses,\" says Shikha Sarna, counselor at Post Graduate Government College for girls, sector 11. \"It was believed that only engineering courses were tough to get into. With the cut offs going higher in colleges, it appears that to get into even a conventional course in any local college needs very high percentage. Students are bound to get depressed and disheartened,\" says Manisha Sharma, a parent.As an alternate choice, counselors are also encouraging students to take up interesting options along with BA and prepare for masters' degree exams. \"Scores of students would feel the heat of high cut offs this year. To help them look out for alternative choices, the counselors have been guiding them,\" says Mani Bedi, principal, Post-graduate Government College for girls, Sector 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025229", "title": "Law students to learn about rights of differently abled", "text": "LUCKNOW: For the first time in the state, an internship programme for Disability Act has been started for law students. The internship programme will give an overview and create awareness among law students about the Disability Act.VN Garg, commissioner, department of persons with disabilities, said internship will help law students to gain knowledge about various provisions of the Disability Act. This will help disabled persons to avail legal advice from future advocates about their legal rights and various problems. The office of the commissioner for persons with disabilities is conducting the internship programme for two weeks in which four law students of LU have been enrolled. The students of sixth semester -- Abhishek Kumar, Ishan Singh, Shobhit Verma and Rajat Rajan Singh -- will present their project report in respect to internship programme.Deputy commissioner for persons with disabilities Akhilendra Kumar said the project includes field visit of various rehabilitation institutions, special educational institutions and conducting legal procedures for redressal of grievances of persons with disabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15017428", "title": "An Indo-African evening in Delhi", "text": "Human Achievers Foundation (HAF), in association with Indian Council for UN Relations (ICUNR) and Africa India Partnership Association (AIPA) hosted an Indo-African evening in the capital recently to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the launch of the African union.Senorita Isaac's appointment as the chairperson for ICUNR - International relations was declared at the event and Rajesh Satija Ram was felicitated by HAF for his endeavours in international business and contribution in the field of manufacturing, imports and exports of metals.He has been appointed as the chairperson for ICUNR. Alexandre Cece Loua, ambassador of the Republic of Guinea; Ousmane Tandia, ambassador of the Republic of Mali; W H Kijazo, ambassador of Tanzania , among others, were present here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15023251", "title": "Team looking fresh, says skipper Dhoni", "text": "CHENNAI: Breaks are a rarity in Indian cricket and the one-and-a-half month gap between the IPL and the Sri Lanka series was lapped up by one and all in the Indian team.Skipper MS Dhoni looked fresh and raring to go in the couple of practice sessions that he had over the last couple of days and when he met the media on Tuesday evening, he said how important this break was for all the boys.\"The first break we got since my debut in 2004 was after the 2007 World Cup. We do not really have fond memories of that break...So this was something we were looking for and we can see that in the body language of the players,\" Dhoni said.When asked whether such breaks should be made mandatory every year, the Indian captain went a little on the defensive.\"Given the calendar we have, it's a little difficult to get such breaks every year...But this year, we have gaps between series, so that should help.\" Dhoni said that the practice sessions, looking ahead to the series against Sri Lanka, went very well. \"The boys were fresh and we had some specific training sessions which helped in overall improvement...We will now leave for Sri Lanka, battle-ready,\" he said.But the skipper made it clear that the series against Sri Lanka won't be easy. \"Sri Lanka have always been a tough team and we will be playing in different venues. It's the beginning of the season for us and it's vitally important that we start it on a high. A win here should help us gather momentum for the future,\" he said.Gautam Gambhir had mentioned on Monday that a captain is always as good as his team and Dhoni didn't differ too much. \"If you give the best captain in the world Alaska's cricket team, they will obviously not win...I believe the captain's job is to channelise the resources that are at hand and I always try to do that.\"The India-Pakistan series also came up for discussion, and Dhoni, who has some great memories of playing the arch-rivals, didn't want to dwell too much on sentiments. \"When we grow up as professional cricketers, we are taught that sentiment doesn't matter. Our job is to go out there in the middle and perform and that's what we will do when we play Pakistan ,\" Dhoni signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15026484", "title": "Obama names new ambassadors to Afghanistan, Pakistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has nominated two veteran diplomats to be the US ambassadors to Afghanistan and Pakistan.Almost two month after the incumbents resigned, Obama nominated James B Cunningham as the new US Ambassador to Afghanistan; and Richard G Olson as the new envoy to Pakistan.However, both need to be confirmed by the United States Senate before they can be sworn in for their new Ambassadorial postings.The yesterday's move comes at a time of transition in war-torn Afghanistan and Washington's ongoing friction with Pakistan.\"I am grateful that these talented and dedicated men and women have agreed to take on these important roles and devote their talents to serving the American people. I look forward to working with them in the coming months and years,\" Obama said in a statement as he announced more than a dozen key administration posts including these two diplomatic positions.Olson, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, served as the Coordinating Director for Development and Economic Affairs at the US Embassy in Kabul from June 2011 to June 2012.He previously served as US Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates from 2008 to 2011 and as Deputy Chief of Mission at the US Mission to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) in Brussels from 2006 to 2008.Cunningham is currently the Deputy Ambassador at the US Embassy in Kabul. Prior to his post in Kabul, Cunningham served as the US Ambassador to Israel from 2008 to 2011. From 2005 to 2008, he was US Consul General in Hong Kong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15027086", "title": "Accenture to hire aggressively in India", "text": "BANGALORE: Accenture, which has nearly a third of its employee-base in India, is continuing to aggressively increase these numbers.The $27-billion management consulting, technology services and outsourcing giant has taken additional office spaces in Pune, Chennai, Mumbai and the National Capital Region, each in the 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh sft range, said sources in the real estate industry.A2 lakh sqft infrastructure can seat about 2,000 people. Many of the new recruits will be laterals with expertise across ERP, CRM, SCM, EAI (enterprise application integration), application maintenance, application development, IT infrastructure, KPO/BPO, telecom application, consulting, project management, delivery management, business analysis, programme management and practice management.Accenture started large scale campus hiring in the country a few years ago. Some 6,000 to 7,000 campus recruits will also join the company this year. India currently is the single largest employee base for Accenture, with the headcount expected to cross 80,000 by August.In the US, it has about 40,000 employees and in the Philippines 35,000. In 2007, Accenture had 35,000 people in India, which means that in five years, the number more than doubled. Wikipedia says the company has a global headcount of 251,000, a tad higher than TCS's 243,545.Accenture India managing director Avinash Vashistha declined to get into specific numbers, but said, \"We are the most preferred choice, with our integrated offering of management consulting, technology and outsourcing, among employees and vendors today in India. So we continue to look for growth options in the country.''The company already has a presence in Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. Pune is now the city of choice for immediate expansion. Pune has emerged as a hotspot for many technology companies because of its educational ecosystem, large talent pool, good climate and proximity to Mumbai.Accenture is one of the most global of companies. It is incorporated in Ireland , is listed in the US and currently has a Frenchman as CEO. So it may not face the kind of offshoring backlash that companies closely identified with the US or Europe currently face on account of the high unemployment rates in those continents.India is becoming important to Accenture also as a market. In the latest (third) quarter, Accenture posted outsourcing revenues of $3.19 billion (on total revenue of $7.15 billion), an increase of 16%. Outsourcing revenues reached record-high levels in the quarter with India and the Asia Pacific regions fueling the growth. \"We are exploring better insights and specific business outcomes of high value from the country,'' said Vashistha.Accenture has been aggressively wooing business in the corporate and government verticals in the country. In the government space, the company has implemented the core biometric identification system for the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI). It is working with India Post on an IT modernization project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "punjab mata nagar", "code": "15025769", "title": "Double murder rocks Punjab Mata Nagar", "text": "PUNJAB MATA NAGAR: A 62-year-old man and his eight-year-old granddaughter were brutally murdered in their Punjab Mata Nagar residence on Tuesday evening. The crime, which occurred around 4.30pm, left Narinder Kumar Anand \u2014 a retired Food Corporation of India officer \u2014 and Rewa, a Class III student of BCM School, dead.Police said the two were hit with sharp-edged weapons on the head. While the child's blood-soaked body was found lying on the floor in the house, Anand's body was on the bed, which had reportedly been put on fire. Officers added that Anand's daughter-in-law Reena had gone out to submit Rewa's tuition fees around 4.30pm. At that time, four labourers were also working on the first floor of the house. When Reena returned, she reportedly saw smoke coming from the house and rushed to the neighbours for help. Police said Reena and a few people from the vicinity entered the house and discovered the bodies. Following this, Reena called up her husband, Hitesh, who was at the family's surgical instruments store at Pindi Street.Police said while Anand was found dead, Rewa was still alive and was rushed to the hospital, where she was declared brought dead.Commissioner of police Ishwar Singh said they had started investigations and were trying to trace the labourers, who had apparently fled the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024169", "title": "National assessment and accreditation council: GU's staff college underperformer", "text": "PANAJI: Goa University's academic staff college has been rated as an 'underperformer' by the national assessment and accreditation council (NAAC) in its review of the 66 academic staff colleges across India. The colleges provide in-service and orientation training to teachers of institutes of higher education and are autonomous units fully funded by the university grants commission (UGC).The NAAC committee, in its review of the colleges, has rated only 13, of the 66 academic staff colleges spread across 26 states, as 'performers'. The college in Goa found itself among 46 institutes which have been declared as 'underperformers'. Seven others have been classified as 'nonperformers'.GU's academic staff college scored 52 points during the assessment, which put it in the scale of 60-40 points-classified as the 'underperformer' category.\"We have not received the assessment report from NAAC so far. We will have to see it before we comment. The academic staff college in Goa is doing far better in terms of number of courses organized and participation than most of the other colleges,\" academic staff college director K Subhash said. Subhash, an associate professor at GU's commerce department , is holding charge as the college director. The college has been operating without a permanent head for many years.The academic staff college was assessed on six parameters which were the curricular aspects of the training programmes held; programme organization, delivery and evaluation; infrastructure and learning resources; leadership, governance and functional efficiency; management of information system; and innovative practices.Academic staff colleges were set up by UGC after 1986 to conduct specially designed orientation programmes for newly-appointed lecturers and refresher courses for in-service teachers. The orientation programmes are intended to contribute to the teacher awareness of the problems of Indian society and the role of education, higher education leaders and educators in the resolution of these problems to achieve desired goals in national development.The academic staff college in Goa has conducted around 80 orientation programmes and 160 refresher courses so far, covering around 8,000 teachers, as per GU's annual report. The college conducts around 12 courses a year on an average. The college has also received UGC grants to set up a computer laboratory to upgrade the information technology skills of lecturers.The purpose of the NAAC review was to point out barriers in effective functioning of academic staff colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15024079", "title": "Mumbao-Agra highway project faces roadblocks, 9-month delay", "text": "NASHIK: The widening of the Mumbai-Agra national highway between Pimpalgaon-Baswant and Gonde was scheduled for completion by June 2012, but has now been delayed. The project is expected to take another nine months for completion.Issues over land acquisitions and protests by environmentalists over the hacking of trees along the roadway were major hurdles that pushed back completion deadlines for the project undertaken by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).Project director, NHAI, Shriram Mishra said that the work that was originally supposed to begin in January 2010 started nearly a year later due to objections raised by NGO's over the hacking of trees, that was necessary to widen the road. However, since then the companies employed to complete the project are putting in their best effort to make up for lost time.As of now, of the total 60-km stretch of road that is to be widened as part of the project, work on 47 km is complete. It may take another five to six months to widen the remaining stretch and an additional three months to add finishing touches.\"The entire work should be complete by March 2013. Currently, there are still a few issues such as acquiring land at certain points, for the road to be developed unhindered, but these are aspects which will be dealt with at the earliest,\" Mishra said.According to sources at the construction companies working on the project, the work of the underpass at Vilholi is still pending. While the underpass was not part of the initial project, it is being done following demands by villagers in the area. As a result, the 300-meter stretch on the road towards Mumbai also remains pending.The second underpass at Pathardi Phata was also newly-introduced following demands from local industrialists and residents. Sources said that the flyover at Lekha Nagar will be completed only by October-November, since monsoon showers could pose as problems to complete asphalting work.Even as the NHAI and construction companies together try to navigate all of these issues, talks are underway with the city police and the Nashik Municipal Corporation to divert Dwarka traffic from Nashik city towards Nashik Road via the Indiranagar Jogging Track, which will join the Nashik-Pune Road atSamraat.The diversion at Dwarka junction is being done in a bid to complete the construction of the Dwarka subway which will join a 90-meter elevated corridor. This corridor is in turn being designed to join the two ends of a 5.8-km flyover. The Dwarka subway and the flyover, which begins from the Indiranagar Jogging Track and extends to Meenatai Thackeray stadium, are also part of the road-widening project.It is believed that once the elevated corridor is complete, the flyover will run a continuous stretch from Mumbai Naka to Kannamwar Bridge. The expected deadline for completion of this stretch of the flyover is end of August this year.Among other pending developmental works, the Adgaon flyover is scheduled to be complete by December. Developers have also undertaken the work of building two new underpasses at the Saikheda and Ozar junctions. Construction work on underpasses at Umberkhed and Chinchwad is already underway, as is the construction of another flyover opposite Vasant Pawar Medical College.As has been recently reported, the issue of the relocation of Bali Mandir has also been amicably resolved with the intervention of the city police.While the work on the temple's new location, near Rasbihari International School, has begun, the shed adjoining the old temple will soon be razed to begin development work on the 60-meter stretch. This is expected to ease the flow of traffic from Ozar towards Nashik.NHAI officials said that this stretch should be open to traffic by December, but added that it may take another three months for beautification work such as landscaping to be completed.But until all of the major and minor works that are part of the overall highway widening project are complete, motorists on the Pimpalgaon-Nashik-Gonde route have not much choice but to deal with traffic snarls due to on-going construction.Road-Widening on the Pimpalgaon-Nashik-Gonde stretchProject length - 60 Km.Constructed by: National Highways Authority of India (MoRT&H;), New Delhi.Date of issuance of project: January 15, 2009Actual construction date: January 4, 2010Construction Period: 30 MonthsLikely Delay: 9 monthsMajor hurdles in the projectLand Acquisition at Pathardhi Junction for flyoverLand Acquisition from Dahava Mile to Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) Airport Gate (Apprx 4.5 kms)Bali Mandir Relocation : Issue resolved with the bhoomipoojan of the new place being held on July 11. Work on the shed by the old temple to be removed soon for development of road on 60 meters.Dwarka Junction: The entire traffic on the Mumbai Agra Highway and Nashik-Pune Highway passes through Dwarka apart from the busy city traffic. Proposal to City Police for closing down the traffic for expediting the workThe Canal Road from Samraat Office opposite Dr Ambedkar Nagar on Nashik Pune Highway till Indiranagar Jogging track touching Mumbai Agra Highway likely to be the new route until work of Dwarka Junction is overOther FeaturesThe 5.8 kms flyover from Indiranagar to Meenatai Thackeray Stadium will be the longest in Maharashtra according to NHAIThe 2.8 kms flyover from Indiranagar to Dwarka will be made open for traffic by September endRailings and landscaping on the 16-km service road alongside the mum-agra highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024433", "title": "Clean-up starts at Basin Bridge train care centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Workers on Tuesday began cleaning up the Basin Bridge train care centre where a fitter slipped and fell into a pit line on Saturday. He died on Monday.\"Around 30 labourers started clearing garbage, removing undergrowth and unclogging the channel that drains water from pit lines. They also started desilting a portion of the Cooum river into which drainage channels let out water accumulated in pit lines. The outlets haven't been cleaned properly for a long time,\" said an employee. Staff at the centre struck work for more than five hours on Monday to protest against the poor conditions.Water accumulates inside pit lines when trains are washed and toilets cleaned using water jets. As the yard is located in a basin area, water does not drain quickly enough. The railways had earlier sanctioned works to improve drainage of pit lines. These works would be completed, said a senior official.Angry employees had on Monday demanded that additional divisional railway manger Anil Kumar not wait for contractors to resume works and wanted him to find private labourers.The train care centre is in a bad shape because of a lack of coordination among various departments which handle different works, say sources. Senior officials had a discussion about responsibility of the undergoing works with Anil Kumar when he visited the centre on Monday to pacify striking workers.Southern railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said \"cleaning works will be completed in three days. Mechanical department has been entrusted with the work.\"Employees check undercarriage of coaches, clean interiors, toilets, repair damaged fixtures and electrical components at the yard before a train is cleared for departure. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023405", "title": "CBI to quiz Gujarat, Maharashtra cops in Ishrat Jahan case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speeding up its probe into the Ishrat Jahan encounter case, the CBI is planning to record the statements of some senior police officers of Gujarat and Maharashtra. Sources said the decision to examine the police officers was taken after the agency scrutinized forensic reports of weapons used in the alleged encounter.The agency has already registered a case against 20 police officers of Gujarat. \"We found during investigation that Ishrat and her three friends did not fire a single bullet on the Gujarat police team,\" a top source said.Earlier, the agency had examined the cops involved in the encounter.The Special Investigation Team (SIT), constituted by the Gujarat High Court in 2010 to probe the allegations of fake encounter, had said in its report that the encounter was staged by Gujarat Police. The judicial inquiry report had also blamed police officers, including suspended DIG D G Vanzara and then ACP G L Singhal and ACP N K Amin, of being involved in the conspiracy. Vanzara and Amin are also accused in the alleged fake encounter killing of gangster Sohrabuddin Sheikh and in the murder of his wife Kausarbi and are in jail.Ishrat and three others -- Pranesh Pillai alias Javed Sheikh, Amjad Ali Rana and Zeeshan Johar -- were killed in an encounter by Gujarat crime branch near Kotarpur on the outskirts of Ahmedabad on June 15, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024336", "title": "Afghan hairstylist held for overstaying", "text": "BANGALORE: Police detained internationally renowned hairstylist Razia Sultan, an Afghan, for overstaying in India as her visa had expired.City police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji told TOI her travel documents were checked and police found that her visa had expired. She was in the city to inaugurate a seminar organized by Akhila Karnataka Beauty Parlours' Association at Chowdaiah Memorial Hall in Vyalikaval. The day-long seminar was held anyway, sources said.Local police rushed to the hall on a tip-off and she was asked to produce her passport and visa. \"Her visa had expired. She had applied for a renewal as per the records with the Foreigners' Regional Registration officials here. A look-out notice had been issued against her by Delhi police. We found she had applied for an extension, but it was not granted,\" said a police officer.FRRO sources stated she'll be allowed to go back and her exit visa will be granted as the request for renewal of visa has not been granted. \"We'll ask her to pay the penalty for overstaying when she boards the flight to her country. She'll have to go back to her country and all arrangements will be made for that,\" said an official.Delhi police have been informed of the development, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15024902", "title": "Beating the heat with AC hostels", "text": "Mangalore: Long queues for admission to undergraduate and postgraduate courses is passe now. It's admission to hostels that are attracting long queues in these parts of the coastal belt. In Manipal University's (MU) the demand for air-conditioned hostels has increased. MU is home to around 25,000 students, including students from 50 foreign countries. In the 1970s, Manipal education institutions introduced ACs for a few rooms in hostel following requests from foreign students. Following demand from domestic students the university started full-fledged AC hostels in 2004. MU director of general services Badri Narayanan told TOI that last August there were 500 students in the waiting list for AC hostels. \"This year in July we have more than 500 students in the waiting list,\" he revealed. He attributes the demand to the warm and humid climate. Earlier only foreign and non-resident Indian ( NRI) students wanted AC hostels, but now even Indian students want AC hostels, says Badri. \"We don't have plans to expand the AC hostel facilities,\" he added. Sameera Kalvapalle, a III year MBBS student from Bahrain says that she has not been able to adjust to the coastal humidity. \"Concentrating on studies is very difficult in this climate as students get tired soon in the summer,\" she added. Haleema Kassim, another MBBS student from Sri Lanka says she has got used to living with AC back home. \"Since I have always stayed in an AC house I wanted an AC hostel,\" she said. Hostel fees ranges from Rs 18,000 to 70,000 per year, facilities in hostel include pantry, furniture, and centralized AC. The varsity has 56 hostels, all of which are WiFi enabled, have capacity varying from 200 to 500 students in each hostel. Of these, 16 are AC hostels and can accommodate 3,268 students. Capacity of the boys hostel is 7,909 and the girls hostel is 6,172.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024701", "title": "40 engineering colleges barred from admitting students", "text": "HYDERABAD: As many as 40 engineering colleges have been barred from admitting students this year by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to these collegesin view of their failure to fulfill the minimum criteria prescribed by the council. The deficiencies in the colleges were discovered during surprise inspections conducted in January this year.The institutions were identified from a list of 120 across the state. This means that just about 680 colleges will be participating in the counselling this year. The total number of seats before the 40 colleges were barred from admissions was 2.8 lakh.The AICTE conducts surprise inspections every year to identify institutions which do not fulfill the norms. Five per cent of technical institutions in the country are visited during these surprise visits.In January, 60 colleges in the state were served showcause notices and 20 of them were given conditional permission to admit students. While about 10 colleges were asked to cut down their intake, others were not allowed to increase their seats.\"Some colleges have appealed to the AICTE to allow them to take part in the counselling. A decision on this will be taken by the end of this month,\" said K V K Rao, secretary, Consortium of Professional College Managements' Association. Rao alleged that the AICTE made some judgment errors during the inspection.\"We have approached the Delhi high court against these inspections. In the affidavit we have pointed out how the council targets certain managements in their surprise inspections while others go scot free,\" said Rao.The charges against the erring colleges include lack of enough infrastructure and staff to support the student intake.Some of the colleges are facing criminal charges for hacking into online accounts of students.\"The state government is looking into each of these allegations and only when things clear up a no objection certificate will be give to colleges,\" said an official of the higher education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024905", "title": "Spotlight shifting to new shopping streets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For years they have quenched the thirst of shopaholics. But for now the spotlight seems to be moving away from these sought after retail destinations of Ahmedabad - CG Road and SG Highway. A realty consultancy report points out that while rental in erstwhile high streets like SG Highway and CG Road saw a marginal increase of 4 to 6 per cent, for Prahaladnagar and Law Garden it jumped to over 20 per cent on year-to-year basis.Even in malls, renting out a shop in Maninagar today has become costlier than one at SG Highway where the mall vacancy is over 50 per cent, says a report by Cushman &amp; Wakefield. Mall space rental rate for Maninagar is Rs 65 per square feet while it's Rs 47 for SG Highway, as per the report.Interestingly, Vastrapur bags the berth for having the most expensive mall space in the city. Ahmedabad at present has 14 operational malls covering a total space of 4.56 mn square feet.\"Rental values in Prahladnagar increased by 24% over the year followed by 20% in Law Garden as retailers have chosen the main street locations in these areas over malls. Existing high vacancy levels in operational malls in Ahmedabad will restrict new malls from developing in the next 2 years,\" the report said.According to the report, the mall vacancy in the city was 34% at the end of June, 2012; which had reduced over the previous quarter due to increased leasing activity in Vastrapur and Maninagar.\"There is more than 20 lakh square feet retail mall space on SG Highway. But most malls are vacant and see dismal footfall as the residential density alongside the highway is much lower compared to areas like Gurukul and Vastrapur where malls in densely populated pockets are buzzing,\" said N K Patel, director of Real Estate Studies and Management Academy.\"On CG Road, 60 per cent of fresh retail supply in the last two years is vacant. But for Prahladnagar and Maninagar retail space is bustling around active residential development,\" Patel added. However, realtors feel that the high investor influx in retail space on SG Highway has bombed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15025006", "title": "86 stolen vehicles found in Rajasthan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police officials have tracked down 86 vehicles stolen from various parts of the state to two districts of Rajasthan. As many as 15 of the recovered vehicles belong to residents of Ahmedabad.Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, said on Tuesday they had recently formed a team that went to Barmer and Jhalore districts of Rajasthan along with nearby areas bordering the state. The team was formed after receiving information that many of the vehicle thieves had fled to Rajasthan where they sold the vehicles after altering registration, engine and chassis numbers.\"The team stayed in Rajasthan for eight days and went to police stations in places such as Kotwali, Sadar, Balotara, Kalyanpur, Karda, Bhinmal, Sanchor and inspected vehicles seized by Rajasthan police. They got the records of all stolen and not traced vehicles from the city and checked them individually. These vehicles were seized under various acts from various criminals. Some vehicles were also found abandoned,\" said Tomar.Police officials added that besides those recovered, a list of other stolen vehicles was given to the Rajasthan police officials, who helped in the search. \"The probe has pointed towards the possibility that most of the stolen vehicles were used for criminal activities. We believe that the numbers of the vehicles might have been changed before crossing the state border so that it would not be detected by the check posts. The details of the stolen vehicles found have been provided to the state police chief,\" Tomar added.State police officials said they would collaborate with other neighbouring states like Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra as well to track down stolen goods and nabbing criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027452", "title": "An out of the box story to tell", "text": "The who's who of Tollywood trooped into Taj Bengal on Monday evening to attend a story reading session of Aparna Sen's new film, \"Goynar Baksho\", adapted from Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay's story.The event, presented by Prabha Khaitan Foundation, was attended by celebrities such as Mausumi Chatterjee, Saswata Chatterjee, Pijush Ganguly, Rajib, Srabanti, Arindam Sil, Bickram Ghosh , Kaushik and Churni Ganguly, Suman Ghosh, Debajyoti Mishra , Srijato, Rabiranajan Maitra and Agnidev Chatterjee.Arindam Sil doubled up as the emcee. \"I read this book in 1993 and decided to make a film on this. We are finally ready to launch it. We will deal with it as a comedy,\" said the actor-director. \"The tale of three women, spanning three generations in a Bengali family, will feature Mausumi as Rashmoni or the elderly Pishima and Konkona Sen Sharma as Pishima's daughter-in-law, Somlata. Srabanti, who plays the younger Mausumi, has a double role in the movie and plays Somlata's daughter as well as a young Rashmoni,\" said Aparna. Srabanti quipped, \"Many people tell me that I look like Mausumidi because my teeth are like hers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15026193", "title": "IGI cuts carbon emissions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IGI airport has been granted a level 2 accreditation for reducing carbon emissions by the Airport Council International.IGI airport is the fifth airport in the Asia-Pacific region and the second airport in the country, after Bangalore, to get this accreditation.The accreditation comes under the Airport Carbon Accreditation programme which is an institutionally endorsed programme that independently assesses and recognizes airports' efforts in managing and reducing their carbon emissions. I Prabhakara Rao, CEO DIAL said: \"DIAL is proud to achieve this coveted recognition. We are now aiming for the third level of optimization with the support of all concerned stakeholders. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad/new delhi", "code": "15024582", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy, Mopidevi Venkata Ramana get court nod to vote", "text": "HYDERABAD/NEW DELHI: Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI court on Tuesday allowed the petitions of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy and former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana permitting them to exercise their franchise in the presidential poll scheduled to be held in the assembly on July 19. Both of them were arrested in the Jagan assets case and are currently lodged in Chanchalguda jail.The judge in his order directed the DGP and Hyderabad police commissioner to provide them escort on the day of polling. The court also directed the superintendent of Chanchalguda jail to make arrangements to take them to the assembly and bring them back safely.In the meanwhile, Congress president Sonia Gandhi told party MPs from the state in New Delhi to maintain caution during the presidential election on Thursday. Speaking to Congress MPs from the state here on Tuesday, she reportedly showed the ballot paper and explained the voting system to the elected representatives. For the first time in the recent past, Congress MPs from both the regions were seen together.Even since the recent Telangana agitation started in November 2009, the MPs from the Seema-Andhra region on the one hand and those from the Telangana region have kept away from each other.After the meeting, Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar told reporters that the meeting was solely about presidential election. \"Discussions took place about the process and procedure of voting,\" he said and displayed a model ballot paper given to them by the party president. RS member V Hanumantha Rao said no other issue came up for discussion. He dismissed the possibility of cross-voting from Congress.Congress members of both Houses of Parliament as well as Union ministers led by AICC incharge Ghulam Nabi Azad met Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday. PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana will be holding a meeting with party MLAs on Wednesday. According to sources, during the meet at Jubilee Hall, a mock voting is expected to take place to familiarise the MLAs with the voting pattern.Meanwhile, in view of voting by legislators for the presidential election, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma has issued prohibitory orders in a radius of two kilometres around the assembly for 24 hours starting from 6am on July 19.As a result, no public meetings, rallies or gathering of five or more people would be allowed near the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024669", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi dharna against Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority plots auction", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) activists on Tuesday staged a dharna in front of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) office in Tarnaka against auction of plots.At around 11am, TRS MLA K Taraka Rama Rao, former MLA T Padma Rao and other party activists reached the HMDA office and staged a dharna demanding the authority to withdraw the notification issued for auctioning 42 plots in various areas of the city.The leaders said thousands of acres of government land were either auctioned or handed over to various firms and individuals by the state government in the past few years especially during the regime of the late CM YSR. After the two-hour dharna, they submitted a representation to HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024986", "title": "Season of gambling starts, police crack down gamblers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Shravan - the holy month for Hindus, and a season of casual and serious gambling, has started in the city and district. The police officials have started crackdown on gamblers as the district local crime branch (LCB) officials conducted two raids in two days.According to LCB officials, they got a tip-off about gambling activity in Thakorvaas of Chanothiya village near Viramgam on Tuesday night. Working on the tip-off, a team raided residence of Gugaji Thakor and rounded up 12 men. All the persons rounded up by police were from Viramgam, Mandal and Detroj. Police seized Rs 1 lakh cash from the spot along with other valuables and started search for Thakor who managed to flee from the spot.On Sunday night, LCB had raided Kanbha and rounded up eight with Rs 2.14 lakh cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15025422", "title": "Deep Purple co-founder dies at 71", "text": "LONDON: Jon Lord, former band member of British hardrock band Deep Purple and the co-writer of legendary songs like 'Smoke On The Water' , has died. He was 71.The keyboard player died at the London Clinic on Monday after suffering a fatal pulmonary embolism. The musician was 'surrounded by his loving family' at the time of his death, his official website said.Lord had announced last year that he was suffering from pancreatic cancer and would be taking a break from performing 'while getting the treatment and cure.'\"I shall of course be continuing to write music - in my world it just has to be part of the therapy - and I fully expect to be back in good shape next year,\" he wrote in August 2011.Born in Leicester, England , on June 9, 1941, Lord studied classical piano from a young age. He played in several jazz, blues and pop groups in the '60s. In 1968, Lord founded Deep Purple, where he was virtually the leader of the band until 1970.He and drummer Ian Paice were the only constant band members during its existence from 1968 to 1976 and from when they reformed in 1984.He is best known for his orchestral work 'Concerto for Group &amp; Orchestra' which was first performed at Royal Albert Hall with Deep Purple.Lord's solo work was universally acclaimed when he eventually retired from Deep Purple in 2002.Former Guns n Roses guitarist Slash wrote: \"Sad day in rock n roll. Jon Lord has passed on. One of the biggest, baddest, heaviest sounds in heavy metal. One of a kind. RIP.\" Rick Wakeman , the former keyboardist with fellow prog-rockers Yes and a friend , said he was 'a great fan.'\"We were going to write and record an album before he became ill,\" he said. He is survived by wife Vicky and two daughters, Amy Cherrington and Sara Lord. His first marriage to Judith Feldman ended in divorce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15027766", "title": "Sistema issue affects Indo-Russia bilateral talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cloud over Sistema's investments in India cast a shadow on bilateral talks between India and Russia when a visiting high-level delegation led by Russia's deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin raised the issue during discussions with the Indian side.Russian telecom giant Sistema's Indian joint venture, Sistema Shyam Teleservices, ran into rough weather when the Supreme Court cancelled 122 second-generation telecom licences in February this year.\"We sought definite solutions to certain outstanding problems confronting our business communities and explored ways to enhance our trade turnover,\" external affairs minister S M Krishna said at a press interaction with Rogozin here.According to sources, the Indian side responded to the concerns saying that a judicial process was on to address the situation.Speaking in Russian, Rogozin referred to 'some issues' that need resolution. \"We must do everything possible to address these problems for mutual benefit,\" he said, without going into the details.Rogozin said the presence of Vladimir P Yevtushenkov, chairman of JSFC Sistema, in his delegation was evidence of the 'interest' his country has in the issue. \"We feel that in this sensitive area, we must find... proper treatment to Russian economic entities participating in the local markets similar to other actors,\" he said.The cross currents of the turbulence affecting Sistema's investment in India was first felt in diplomatic ties in June, when India expressed interest in bidding for a stake in Russia's Alrosa, the world's second largest diamond producing company after DeBeers. In St Petersburg, Commerce Minister Anand Sharma was told by Denis Manturov, the Russian minister for industry and trade, that the Sistema issue will need to be resolved before other trade and investment issues could move on. The proposed investment in Alrosa could have been $1.5-2 b, second only to ONGC Videsh's investment in Sakhalin.Sistema chairman Yevtushenkov had also written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last week, seeking his intervention in protecting the \"legitimate interests\" of his company and its stakeholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15025192", "title": "B-school spouses bond, have fun", "text": "MOHALI: Spending their time organizing common cooking sessions, planning festivities, playing squash, watching movies -- a community of spouses at the Indian School of Business (ISB), Mohali have come together to bond while their partners study serious management stuff in classrooms. It's a new trend in the top business school.These young spouses, whose partners have enrolled for post-graduate residential programme in management at ISB Mohali, have been arranging interesting get-togethers to connect with each another. Most of them highly qualified themselves, have also been engaging in reading sessions, where avid book lover s read out excerpts from their favourite books.\"We have been organizing Dandia nights during Navratris and a host of activities to bond with one another. We are making the most of the time we get here and at the same time there is a sense of satisfaction of acting as a support system for our spouse,\" smiles Ashwathi Nayar Dabholkar. She has taken a break from her career, to accompany her husband Tej Dabholkar to Mohali, where he studies at ISB.Heading the spouses and families association (SFA), Tulika Lakhanpal, narrating an instance says, \"There was a young member of our association, whom we helped out with her baby shower, while our partners were busy in classroom assignments. It's a wonderful feeling to connect with one another through a common community,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023679", "title": "Software firms are factories: High Court", "text": "MUMBAI: Software development is a \"manufacturing process\" said the Bombay high court and firms involved in creating computer software are \"factories\" under the Employees State Insurance Act. The HC held that IT and the software industry are liable to pay a contribution as demanded by the Employees' State Insurance Corporation. As a consequence eligible employees of computer software companies are entitled to benefits under the ESI Act.The HC judgment delivered recently by Justice Mridula Bhatkar held the meaning of the term \"factory\" for the purpose of the ESI Act is broader than the definition under the Factories Act. The judge said, \"Application of the ESI Act is not a regressive but a progressive step and to think that its application would affect IT industry adversely is a futile fear.\"The judgment came in two cases where ESIC had demanded contribution from two software development firms in Mumbai towards its employees. The Act, a piece of social legislation, offers benefits, including medical aid, to employees earning less than Rs 15,000 per month in a manufacturing unit said the corporation's counsel H V Mehta who had argued that the use of computers to manufacture an end product, a programme, meant that it was a manufacturing process. Under the ESI Act, 1948, a 'factory' is defined as premises where ten or more persons employed for at least 12 months and where a manufacturing process takes place with aid of power, and where there is no electricity being used the requirement is of 20 employees.When the Factories Act was enacted a year into Independence, the concept of computers was alien in India. Only in 1987 the Act acknowledged computers but held it was no factory unless a manufacturing process was involved.The two Andheri firms-Western Outdoor Interactive Pvt Ltd and Reliable Software Systems-denied they were 'factories' as they were involved in 'commercial activities'. The distinction is significant as it decides whether employees can benefit from the salutary but archaic provisions of the ESI Act. In both cases, the lower courts held differing views leading to appeals by the ESIC and one firm before the HC.Counsel for Western Outdoor PM Bhagat argued that any activity carried out with the help of computers cannot fall under the definition of 'factory'. He said his company was \"only concerned with rendering in-flight services to aircraft\" but the HC noted that it used 48 computers and developed games for in-flight entertainment and hence was a factory. Justice Bhatkar disagreed with a contrary view of Madras HC in a case and while noting that an appeal before the Supreme Court was referred to a larger bench for legal interpretation of Factories Act provisions, said she adopted the clarification given in 2003 by the central labour ministry that said the term 'software development' \"falls within the meaning of a \"manufacturing process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15028910", "title": "Chandigarh administration to prepare detailed report on disaster management preparedness", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh administration will prepare a detailed report on disaster management preparedness and the existing departmental infrastructure and its resources. This follows a meeting with officials of National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA).This report will then be forwarded to the Indian Institute of Technology so that a detailed contingency plan can be chalked out to deal with any kind of major emergency that might occur in future.Prof Harsh Kumar Gupta and T Nand Kumar, members of NDMA, in a meeting with UT adviser KK Sharma on Tuesday highlighted the fact that Northern India is highly prone to earthquakes. Hence there is an immediate need to coordinate our efforts and prepare ourselves for any contingency that might occur in future.The meeting also included presentations by Prof. Ravi Sinha (IIT-Bombay) and Prof. CVR Murthy (IIT-Madras) which highlighted the significance of Seismic Vulnerability Assessment and the impact of earthquake on the financial resources and functionality of the Administration and the society at largeThe major activities involved in the execution of the Project \"Multi-State Earthquake Preparedness, Awareness Campaign and Mock Drill\" would be imparting training on Incident Response System (IRS), Assessment of the critical infrastructure identified within the U.T. of Chandigarh, Table Top and Mock Exercise considering the realistic consequences of an earthquake, Awareness Generation by involving educational institutions and local media, and nomination of Nodal Officers from the various departments of the U.T. Administration.In this exercise, the U.T. Administration will be assisted by the technical experts/officials from the NDMA, National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM), IIT-Bombay, IIT-Madras and from the Geo Hazard Society (GHS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15026187", "title": "Metro land sought for displaced colony", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has asked DMRC to give it an alternative site for rehabilitating 1,000-odd Trilokpuri residents who are likely to be displaced during construction of the Yamuna Vihar line. Construction of the 55-km corridor will require 144 plots in Block 15 of the resettlement colony in Trilokpuri Part II to be relocated . DMRC officials, MP Sandeep Dikshit and government officials have been running around to arrange the land, as DDA has failed to come up with a proposal. DMRC has proposed a 4,000 square yard site in the vicinity. The land belongs to DDA, which is sitting on the proposal. DMRC is willing to pay for the land and has also offered to build houses if required.DMRC had been asked to review the project design. However, DMRC said in a report that any change in design will compromise commuters' safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15027896", "title": "2G auction: Rs 7,000 crore network gear lying idle", "text": "KOLKATA: Network gear worth more than Rs 7,000 crore is lying idle on mobile towers, with vendors and tower companies insisting that the firms that forfeited their permits after the spectrum auction scam settle their dues first.According to executives familiar with the matter, the bulk of the idle, but active, telecom equipment belongs to operators Etisalat DB, S-Tel and Loop Telecom, which have virtually no control over these assets despite having shut down operations nearly four months ago.In February, the Supreme Court cancelled 122 zonal mobile licences held by eight operators, including those of Etisalat, S-Tel and Loop, because of alleged irregularities in the 2G spectrum auction in 2008.Active infrastructure, which is the heart of a mobile network, typically comprises base stations, base-station controllers and mobile switching centres to power plants. The passive infrastructure of these three mobile companies, which includes towers and buildings, is shared, leased or rented.\"It's like losing rights over your car because the garage operator refuses to part with it till past dues are cleared,\" said an executive, who did not wish to be named. \"It was not our intent to stop mobile services... we had no choice after the February 2 order,\" the executive added.At stake are huge investments made by these telecom firms. For instance, S-Tel, a joint venture between the Chennai-based Siva Group and Bahrain Telecom, had pumped in about $300 million (about Rs 1,650 crore) in active network gear.According to two other executives, Loop has invested over $250 million (about Rs 1,375 crore) on active infrastructure, while UAE-based Etisalat has invested over $700 million (about Rs 3,850 crore).A top executive of S-Tel said, \"The company has made substantial investments towards operations. Our active infrastructure is now in a state of disuse, with vendors refusing to part with it.\" The company is mulling suitable steps, including legal action, to recover its investments, the executive added. S-Tel's total expenditure on 2G operations in five circles tops Rs 1,700 crore. Its principal 2G network vendor is China's ZTE.Loop, which has also procured the bulk of its network gear from ZTE, declined to respond to ET's email queries in this regard. With the exception of Mumbai, the telco has switched off mobile communications in 13 circles. Etisalat said it did not know how long it would take to remove its active infrastructure, since the matter is linked to its winding-up exercise, which is being managed by law firm Solomon &amp; Co, under directions of the Bombay High Court.Lawyers at Solomon &amp; Co, however, declined comment on the amount payable to Etisalat's creditors and on how long it would take to settle the dues. The Indian unit of the Gulf carrier reportedly faces claims to the tune of 3,700 crore from banks and infrastructure companies. It has also been dragged to the telecom tribunal by Reliance Infratel, the tower arm of Anil Ambani-promoted Reliance Communications, for outstanding dues in a deal for tower sharing.Etisalat, which claims to have lost close to $1 billion ( Rs 5,500 crore) in the 2G case, has been pressing for compensation from the Indian government. \"Etisalat invested $787 million ( Rs 4,335 crore) into Etisalat DB, besides considerable resources and telecom expertise as a bona fide investor in the Indian market,\" said an internal foreign ministry note, which was reviewed by ET. The bulk of its active network gear is reported to have been supplied by Ericsson and Huawei.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15023508", "title": "BCCI discuss overseas debacles with coach Fletcher", "text": "CHENNAI: The BCCI wants to ensure that the disaster of 2011-12 was a one-off.After Anil Kumble took up the issue of India's debacles in England and Australia in one of the working committee meetings of the BCCI, president N Srinivasan didn't waste any time to have a chat with Team India coach Duncan Fletcher over breakfast on Tuesday.According to both parties, the meeting went well and Fletcher said that \"they looked into the issues\" that saw India's performance dropping sharply over the years. \"We had a one-and-a-half hour meeting where I put forward my views...But this wasn't the first meeting that I had with the president. I had also met him when I came down for the Indian Premier League final,\" Fletcher said.The twin debacles of England and Australia were discussed in the meetings. \"I talked with MS (Dhoni) too quite a few times and we are confident that we will come back a better team this year,\" Fletcher added.Since Fletcher took over, India played 14 Tests, losing eight (against England and Australia) while all the three victories have come against a weak West Indies side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025655", "title": "Accountant in the dock on fraud charges", "text": "GURGAON: An Udyog Vihar-based export firm has lodged an FIR against an accountant who reportedly cheated the company of Rs 20 lakh over the past six months.The police registered the complaint but have not arrested the suspect, Rajeev, a native of Bihar, who had been working in the firm for several months.The complaint was registered by senior executive V Krishnamani, who said that the accountant had deposited the signed cheques to his family member's account.Police said that the firm used to keep signed cheques for the use of executives going out of town for official work. During auditing the firm's officials came to know about several cheque payments to bank accounts of individuals with whom they had no business dealings. The firm recovered the details of the bank accounts which turned out to be those of family members of Rajeev. He used to pass on the signed cheques to his relatives who in turn used to deposit them in their accounts. The amount used to run into thousands of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "15023802", "title": "Many rivers rising beyond danger mark in Purnia, Kosi division", "text": "PURNIA: With most of the rivers surging beyond the danger mark, scores of villages across Purnia and Kosi divisions have been inundated under the spill-over from the rivers and vast croplands are also submerged under flood waters.The rivers--Mahananda, Kankai, Donk, Mechhi and above all Kosi-have crossed the danger mark at several points on Monday and are either flowing above the red mark or were receding gradually on Tuesday, according to Central Water Commission (CWC) office at Purnia. The river Mahananda, criss-crossing Kishanganj, Purnia and Katihar district continues to flow over the danger mark at Taiyabpur ( Kishanganj ), Dengraha (Purnia ) and Jhuwa ( Katihar).The flood waters of Kosi, the discharge level of which peaked to the season's highest at 1,97,880 cusecs at 10pm on Sunday at Birpur barrage but considerably receded thereafter, have flooded nearly a dozen villages under Saraighat-Baptiyahi block in Supaul district. However, flood waters did not enter any houses as such and the overall situation was not all alarming, said Supaul ADM (disaster management) Ram Bilash Chaudhury .Many villages under Dighalbank, Kochadhaman, Thakurganj , Bahadurganj in Kishanganj are again facing erosion threat due to increasing water level of the Mahananda. It also took within its sweep many villages in Purnia and Katihar districts, according to official and unofficial sources.The flood waters entered some villages in extremely flood-prone Baisi sub-division in Purnia, but the situation is well under control. \"We are, however, watchful as the rivers showed a rising tendency,\" said Baisi SDO Moizuddin .The discharge level of Kosi at Birpur barrage in Supaul and Barahkhestra (Nepal) dipped to 1,37,440 cusecs and 1,18,765 cusecs at 10am on Tuesday after having made a splash at 1,61,155 cusecs and 1,28,900 cusecs at the same time on Monday, engineers at the barrage said.Meanwhile, the boulder pitching on the spur No 13 and erosion points at 15/6.7 and 15/6.8 km near Fango halt along Saharsa-Mansi rail track in Samastipur division of East Central Railway (ECR) is continuing relentlessly and the track, which is a life-line of Kosi division is quite protected and safe.Samastipur senior divisional engineer RR said boulder pitching and nylon crating at vulnerable points near Fango halt will continue. The erosion threat has subsided considerably with the rise in water-level of Kosi, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mohanpur (nadia)", "code": "15024387", "title": "Multi-crore scam stink at agriculture university", "text": "Mohanpur (Nadia): The Nadia administration is investigating allegations of a scam at Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswa Vidyalaya, the state's first agriculture university.The alleged scam has been running since 1995 and could run into hundreds of crores, say sources. Some officials allegedly siphoned off the salary of dead or retired employees for years.Since its inception, the vice-chancellor had been acting as the drawing and disbursement officer as well. But a few months ago, the new government gave this responsibility to Kalyani SDO Saibal Chakraborty.Chakraborty detected irregularities in previous financial transactions and initiated an investigation, say sources. He visited the campus on June 12 to carry out an inquiry. When TOI contacted him on Tuesday, he confirmed that a probe was on into an alleged scam, but refused to give any details.Sources, however, revealed some of the alleged irregularities. For example, Professor Shyamal Ghosh the genetics department died on February 25, 2011, but the university is accused to have kept drawing his pay till March 2012, say sources. The same happened with Subhas Majumder of the horticulture, who died on March 1, 2010. Narayan Chandra De, another employee, retired on June 30, 2009, but the university authorities drew his salary till March, 2012.The university authorities placed a demand for nearly Rs 16 lakh a month for 1600 employees extra for claiming extra increment and it amounts to about rupees 1.92 cror in a year.A professor of BCKV said, the DDO Chakraborty may sought permission from the secreteriate level to lodge FIR of Criminal Offence against BCKV authority for defulcation of Guv. fund and misleading the Guv.by way of claiming false demand for pay and allowances of retired and expired employees. It also may seek permission for immediate recovery of excess drawal amount from state exchaquar which amounts to rupees about 2.41.cror, the professor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024459", "title": "Politicians and Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike harass builders, admits mayor", "text": "BANGALORE: We've known it all along. Now, the first citizen has said at a public forum - politicians and BBMP are harassing builders.Addressing builders and members of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (Credai) at a meeting organized by the BBMP, mayor D Venkatesh Murthy's statement not only embarrassed BBMP officials present at the meeting but the builders too. He quickly told the builders: \"Avoid violations during construction. If you go by the rule book, no officer or politician can harass you.\"BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said, \"Some engineers in BBMP's town planning section have come to the position through influence they wield and they'll be transferred to manage storm water drains or solid waste.\"Representatives from major builders such as Sobha Developers, Chartered Housing, Adarsh Group, Prestige, Mantri, among others, raised several issues. \"Due to BBMP delaying plan sanction approval, the project cost gets escalated. Without approval, we can't raise loans from financial institutions. The worst affected are buyers. There should be a time-frame for plan approvals,\" said A Balakrishna Hegde, managing director, Chartered Housing.Shankarlinge Gowda asked builders submit applications online for easy clearance. Credai president R Nagaraj said the collection of improvement charges by BBMP levied on builders was not uniform and unreasonable. \"We want to make Bangalore a slum-free city and can start with one locality,\" said Nagaraj.The commissioner said: \"What we need is support from builders to manage the city's infrastructure better.\" He asked builders to make it mandatory in their apartment complexes to separate waste at source. About improvement charges to be levied, he said the council meet in July last week will decide on it.Solar PowerBM Jayeshankar, CMD, Adarsh Group, said, \"Solar panels in high-rise apartment complexes can be used for streetlighting on the premises,\" he said. BBMP commissioner said he'd discuss this with Bescom MD P Manivannan.The commissioner agreed to the request of the builders who want penalty charges to be called as 'occupancy certificate charges' to get tax exemption.Sakala scheme\"Once the Urban Properties Ownership Registry comes into effect, the khatas will be linked to it, Now on, khata applications can be sought through Sakala,\" the commissioner said. So far, only issuance of khata extract was covered under Sakala scheme.The commissioner and mayor asked builders to take care of BBMP's roads, parks and slums for maintenance. \"Take up parks near your apartments and develop them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15024515", "title": "Cautious beginning to resowing in Gondia district", "text": "GONDIA: Although there was good rains in some parts of Gondia district during last 48 hours, barring Gondia, and Salekasa tehsils, where there was no rains, by and large there was no enthusiasm among the cultivators to start resowing. Farmers are apprehending scarcity of rains because still the current rainfall is 55% short of the average in the district.Even in Tiroda, Amgaon and Goregaon tehsils, where the rainfall was good, farmers showed lukewarm response to resowing. In Tiroda tehsil, hardly 10% cultivators started resowing.These areas recorded about 50% deficit in average rainfall and on the basis of rainfall compared to the corresponding period last year. The cultivators would like to wait for few more days.Moreover, due to inadequate rains the tanks and reservoirs in the district too have no adequate stock of water, on which cultivators can depend.The tehsilwise rainfall in the district during last 24 hours, from 1st June to 15th July 1012, compared to its correspondent is as under.Till July 15, Gondia recorded 13.2 mms rainfall compared to 389.8 mms last year. Tiroda recorded 48 mms rainfall this year compared to 162.2 mms last year, while Salekasa saw the least rainfall with 4.6 mms till July 15 this year compared to 363 mms last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025695", "title": "Car collision near PM\u2019s house triggers panic, jams", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was chaos near the Prime Minister's residence on Monday night when a speeding Range Rover collided with a Toyota Corolla , overturned and caught fire. However, no case was registered as both the parties reached a compromise, police said.Although no casualties were reported, the incident triggered panic because of its similarity with the Israeli diplomat attack that took place last year. The diplomat's Innova had also caught fire after a loud thud. Police said the incident took place around 10.45pm at Safdarjung-Aurangzeb road crossing. The Range Rover was found to be registered in the name of Hotel Crown Plaza and was being driven by one Devender (35), who was going towards Ramada Hotel . Cops said a businessman, Rajnish Chaudhry, was driving the Corolla. He was going home along with one of his employees.Devender told cops that he had manoeuvered the vehicle to keep from hitting a pedestrian, but ended up ramming the Toyota Corolla. Witnesses said the Range Rover swung to a side, hit the Corolla and skidded after hitting the central verge; it finally turned turtle. Within a few seconds , smoke started emanating from the vehicle, which had caught fire. A passerby alerted police on seeing the vehicle go up in flames. The fire brigade was also called.Onlookers helped police in rescuing the occupants of the Range Rover, whereupon firemen stared to douse the flames. It took 20 minutes to put out the fire.Cops suspect the fire broke out due to the impact of the collision . Following the incident, traffic had to be diverted, which led to jams on Safdarjung and adjoining roads.Though cops said no one was hurt, witnesses said those travelling in the Range Rover had sustained minor injuries. The occupants of Corolla escaped unhurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15025164", "title": "Resorts in MTR buffer zone to face the heat", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: As the Union environment and forests ministry has submitted eco-tourism guidelines to the Supreme Court, a number of tourist resorts located in and around the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) in the Nilgiris are likely to face trouble as many of them would fall under the prposed buffer zone.However, the buffer zone surrounding MTR is yet to be notified as a proposal for the same is still pending with the state government. According to the proposal, at least 10-15 km of forest area surrounding the core tiger reserve will come under the buffer zone. About 6-10 km of patta and revenue lands surrounding the area will also come under the buffer zone.As per the guidelines of the Union government, all tourist operators within five kilometers of all 600 plus tiger reserves, national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and corridors in the country will have to share a minimum of 10% of their turnover as 'local conservation fee'. The guidelines also suggest that the charges will be utilised for protecting wildlife areas besides providing financial assistance to communities living around the protected areas.If the proposed MTR buffer zone is accepted by the government, most of the resorts in the Masinagudi and Bokkapuram areas surrounding the MTR will fall under the buffer zone. According to green activists, there are more than 80 resorts operating close to MTR and most of them are illegal.However, forest officials clarified that the proposed buffer zone will not adversely affect the tribals in the area. \"The rights of tribals and other forest dwellers in the buffer zone will not be affected even if the proposed buffer zone is declared\", said A Ameer Haja, deputy director, MTR and Mukurthi National Park. \"The forest dwellers will be financially supported the project tiger scheme. They will also be involved in eco-tourism activities\", he added. According to Haja, eco-tourism guidelines will only curb big time developments like mining and other anti-conservation activities in the buffer zones.\"The eco-tourism guidelines by the environment and forest ministry is a good idea as people's participation in conservation is facilitated and it is a win-win situation\", said AC Soundararajan, an environmentalist. However, there are drawbacks also. \"How many of the tourist operators functioning in the buffer zones of the eco sensitive areas would show the real turnovers to the government?\" he asked. Implementation of guidelines will be a challenge for the government, he said.Among the three tiger reserves in Tamil Nadu, the proposed buffer zone in MTR houses many tourist resorts. Many of these resorts also fall under the proposed Sigur elephant corridor in the Nilgiris. A case in this connection is pending with the Supreme Court.Till 90s there was not much human interference in areas close to MTR. Masinagudi and Bokapuram presently proposed buffer zone of the MTR had enjoyed the status of 'Natural Forest' irrespective of the ownership of the land.But, during the past few years several resorts came up in these areas without considering the ecological fragile condition and the safety of wildlife in the area. According to activists many of them are built after allegedly obtaining license from panchayat for constructing residential buildings. In the recent past there is significant increase in the number of visitors also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15025045", "title": "Govt offices' arrears to TANGEDCO pile up", "text": "COIMBATORE: While shortage of funds are creating hurdles for the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) to purchase land and other infrastructure facilities to generate power requirements for the state, the increasing list of defaulters is bothering the corporation in the recent days.According to the data available with TOI, the local bodies including the village panchayat and town panchayat continue to be the highest defaulters in all the circles, in Coimbatore regions, followed by the state government offices and central government offices.\"The Coimbatore region is divided into five circles including Coimbatore North circle, Coimbatore South, Coimbatore Metro, Udumalpet, Tirupur and Nilgiris, said a senior official in TANGEDCO,\" on conditions of anonymity.However the defaulters data would reveal that all the government bodies including the local body, offices of the state government and central government offices put together have to pay an amount of Rs22.38crore for electricity consumption, as on date to the TANGEDCO.The official said that the money has been accumulating for a period of one year and this has been a problem for the corporation, which is already short of revenue and funds to carry out their operation.He said most government offices have been delaying the payment of electricity bills which is a cause of concern. Unlike in other cases where the electricity can be suspended for not paying the bills, with most of the local bodies and government offices this cannot be followed. This happens despite the Tamil Nadu Electricity commission giving every right to remove the connection without any intimation in case any organisation or the government body is not paying the bills.Cutting the services would disrupt essential services and this would lead to confusion and problems. Hence these defaulters are let off despite huge arrears, the official added.The data reveals local bodies, combining all the circles, have to pay Rs18.92crore, the offices of the state government has to pay Rs3.3crore and the central government offices have to pay Rs9.97lakh.Under the Coimbatore North circle, the local body has to pay a due amount of Rs2.3crore, while the offices of the state government has to pay Rs21.68lakh and the central government offices have to pay Rs55,185 and others have to pay Rs39 lakh In Coimbatore south circle, the local body have to Rs2.4crore due amount, the state government offices have to pay Rs1.1lakh, central government offices have to pay Rs2.4lakh and rest have to Rs9.34lakh as due amount/Likewise under Coimbatore Metro Circle, the local body has to pay Rs1.9 crore, the state government has to pay Rs22.73lakhs, central government has to pay Rs76.312 and others have to pay 12.76lakh.In Udumalpet circle the local body has to pay an arrear of Rs1.7crore, state government has to pay 2.07crore and the central government has to pay 1.62lakh. While others have to pay around Rs49.09lakh.In Tirupur circle the local body has to pay Rs7.8crore, state government offices have to pay Rs27.01lakh and others have to pay a due of Rs1.6crore. Similarly in Nilgiris circle the local body has to pay Rs2.6crore, the state government has to pay Rs43.33lakh, the central government has to pay Rs4.60lakh and others have to pay Rs3.37lakhs.Chief engineer A Thangavelu said pending amount is yet to be collected.\"We are regularly intimating them about the collection of the amount. However each office should take the responsibility to pay back the amount,\" he added. Many times it was found that in spite of several requests the concerned officials did not bother to pay the due payment on time.He said unlike the connection given to private parties, the connection to the local bodies or government offices cannot be disconnected as the work would be affected. The government is paying a minimum grant towards the electricity charges, however when it is not paid on time, it accumulates, Thangavelu added. Once the offices take the responsibility to pay the amount, TANGEDCO would be able to recover from debts, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025280", "title": "Guard killed, cash looted at Shevalwadi village", "text": "PUNE: A gang of four killed a security guard and looted Rs 1.36 lakh at an automobile service centre in Shevalwadi, on the Pune-Solapur highway, early on Monday.The deceased, Dadasaheb Kalbhor (55), was a resident of Vak Vasti, near Loni Kalbhor. Owner of the service centre, Vikrant More, has lodged a complaint with the Loni Kalbhor police station.Assistant police inspector Santosh Khetmal said that Kalbhor and Updesh Tiwari were on night duty on July 15. Tiwari was at the main gate and Kalbhor was at the gate behind. Around 3.30 am, Tiwari heard some sound. When he walked towards the office, four unidentified persons standing there pounced on him. Tiwari, however, managed to run away from the company compound. When Tiwari returned around 6 am, he found the office door ajar. Kalbhor was lying in a pool of blood at the back gate.Tiwari contacted the owner of the security agency, who in turn called up Vikrant More.Khetmal said the suspects had bludgeoned Kalbhor to death using a hard object. Rs 1.36 lakh and two cell phones are missing from the office.The Pune rural police have questioned Tiwari because they found his statements contradictory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15024795", "title": "Veggie prices hit the roof, solution lies on the terrace", "text": "Hubli: Soaring vegetable prices have had people paying through the nose. And a big purse does not necessarily ensure a fresh basket of vegetables, as substandard yield often floods the market. To mitigate this problem, some households in Hubli are trying their own method-- they are growing veggies on their terraces. Terraces of some houses in Gavi Oni, Shirur Park, Navangar, Vidyanagar and other residential areas of the city are now blooming with green vegetables. It is mainly homemakers who are taking interest in converting their terraces into vegetable gardens. The veggies they grow often suffice for the day-to-day needs of the family. For Veena Malekar, a homemaker residing at Gavi Oni, it is no more about finding time out of her busy schedule and rushing to the market to buy vegetables on a daily or weekly basis. All that she has to do is just pluck and cook. Her terrace has everything that is required for a day's menu, right from coriander leaves and tomato to a variety of vegetables including cucumber, lady's finger, green leaves, beans, brinjal, radish and onion. Speaking to TOI, Veena said, \"Vegetable prices are going through the roof. Any veggie will cost about Rs 40-60 per kg, which middle class families like ours can't afford. So the idea of growing vegetables on our terrace struck me about six months ago. Initially we had to invest around Rs 2,000 for manure, sand, saplings and other material. Now we are reaping the benefits. We are not buying veggies from market any more.\" Now Malekar family saves about Rs 1,000 per month growing their own vegetables. \"Of course, there is work involved in maintaining the vegetable garden like watering and manuring plants and filling and changing the pots, bags and trays on time. But this work is not a burden, it is a joy instead,\" Veena added. Vidya Kalyanshettar of Shirur Park also grows a variety of vegetables on her terrace. She uses pots, trays and buckets for raising the plants she wants. \"Apart from saving money, a vegetable garden of your own provides you immense joy and satisfaction too,\" she pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023619", "title": "Woman abandons baby at Dadar station", "text": "MUMBAI: A six-month-old baby girl was abandoned by a woman under the pretext of going to a public lavatory at Dadar station on Monday.A couple seated nearby picked up the infant and alerted the police when the woman did not return.The government railway police (GRP) are going through CCTV footage at the station to identify the woman, against whom a case of abandonment has been registered.The police said the accused, aged around 24, had dressed the baby in a yellowish green top and skirt. Around 5.30pm, she walked up to a water kiosk on platform 6, where long-distance trains arrive. \"A couple, Dilipkumar Mishra and his wife, Reena, were seated nearby with their daughter Neetu. The accused asked them where the lavatory was located on the platform. The accused left the baby next to them and went to the lavatory. She also left a napkin and a plastic card with the baby,\" a GRP official said.When several minutes passed by and she did not return, Mishra and his wife got worried. \"We had been at the station to board a train to our hometown in UP and had luggage with us. But we couldn't leave the infant unattended. My wife went to the lavatory to look for the woman but did not find her. We then alerted the police at the platform. Announcements were made at the station but she had vanished,\" Mishra (35), who is a driver, said in his statement to the police.The couple told the police the accused was around five feet tall.The baby was examined by a doctor and sent to the Asha Sadan shelter.\"We have registered a case under section 317 of the Indian Penal Code against the accused. The infant may have been kidnapped and later abandoned, fearing arrest. CCTV footage will help us track down the accused,\" said senior police inspector P Kirdutt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026097", "title": "Rainwater harvesting could reduce waterlogging: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: There are many who love rainfall but few who think about conservation of rainwater. The scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology had advised the people, particularly farmers to conserve rainwater through harvesting techniques to increase agriculture production. It can also reduce waterlogging and chances of reboring in residential areas and fields.It is a technique to conserve rainwater in agricultural fields and also at residential houses. Farmers can conserve moisture level in soil. Rainwater harvesting at homes can help reducing waterlogging on terraces and roads. People can conserve rainwater in the kitchen gardens or store it for household uses. Rainwater harvesting can be done by making puddles and ponds in agricultural fields. At homes, this can be done by making soak pits, storage tanks and terrace water harvesting methods.\"This year winters were very cold, summers very hot and so do the rainy season likely to be good. Though this cannot be explained scientifically now as predictions can be made only for coming seven days,\" CSA meteorologist C B Singh said.Munish Gangwar, professor of soil and water conservation, CSA, said that rainwater harvesting is the accumulation and storing of water for reuse, before it reaches the aquifer. Rainwater collection can be very beneficial in various ways. Proper rainwater harvesting channels and systems require quite good amount of money. But water harvesting channels can also be constructed from inexpensive cheap raw material. These methods could be successful in most of the residential localities.\"Digging ponds and puddles in field is the old and prominent rainwater harvesting method used by farmers in UP. Apart from this, 'three-tier system of rainwater harvesting' created for slowing the momentum of water to reach the fields, is also a beneficial harvesting system,\" Gangwar added.He said that excess water can be stored in the ponds in farms which can be used to recharge the moisture later. If farmers wisely use the rainwater in the fields there will be no need to rebore the tubewells every year as it will self recharge the underground water table.Rainwater harvesting can also be beneficial in the urban areas. The urban people can make soak pits and water collection tanks on the terrace and collect rainwater in it. The pipeline of the terrace can be ended to the borewell as it will recharge the groundwater. \"If we put small stones, pebbles, coal particles and sand in the soak pit, it will clear the water and reduce its impurities. It and can even be used for drinking after boiling,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024933", "title": "Bank manager, agent held for taking bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Tuesday arrested a bank manager and his agent for taking a bribe of Rs 4,000 for issuing a Kisan credit card in Dholpur. ACB officials said the manager was demanding the bribe through his agent. The agent was caught red-handed.According to IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra, the accused manager, Manukh Singh, is deputed at the Punjab National Bank's Saipau branch in Dholpur district.\"Surendra Chand Kishwaha, a farmer had applied for a Kisan credit card at the branch; however, the manager was causing unnecessary delays. When Kushwaha insisted, Singh advised him to approach one Ashok Sharma,\" Mishra said.Sharma then allegedly demanded Rs 4000 from Kishwaha on behalf of Singh. \"A trap was laid and Sharma was caught red-handed while accepting the bribe. We have also arrested Singh. Both have been booked under sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Searches at his house and other places are going on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025032", "title": "Bhakra Beas Management Board cuts water supply to 3 states due to scanty rainfall", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With water levels in Bhakra and Pong reservoirs reaching \"worrisome\" level, Bhakra Beas Management Board has reduced water release by 10% to partnering states, including Punjab and Haryana, where sowing of paddy has already been hit due to deficient rains.\"Water supply to Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan has been cut by 10% from today,\" official sources said.Reduction in water supply to partnering states would mean that farmers in these states would get less water for irrigation of their crops during the ongoing kharif sowing season.BBMB releases over 40,000 cusecs of water per day from Bhakra and Pong reservoirs to partnering states for irrigation purposes.Farmers said that the cut in water supply would force them to spend more on diesel to extract water for irrigating kharif crops, including paddy, cotton, maize, guar, among others. It would not only jack up input cost substantially, but would also cause further depletion of underground water resources, they said.About 31 lakh hectares in Punjab and 29 lakh hectares in Haryana are under irrigation system.BBMB on July 5 had announced to reduce water release by 10-20% if rainfall failed or remained low in next 7-10 days. The decision was taken after holding a meeting with representatives of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan governments.Water level in Bhakra dam stood at 1,551.63 feet on Tuesday, 60 feet lower than on the corresponding day of last year. Similarly, water level in Pong dam is 1,291.86 feet as against 1,353 feet last year, BBMB officials said.On account of less rain and slow snow-melting, water inflow to both reservoirs has been lower this water-filling season. Water inflow at present in Bhakra is 28,600 cusecs, a fall of 33,000 cusecs from 12 days back, while inflow into Pong dam is 8,285 cusecs, 50 per cent lower than last year's level.BBMB Chairman A B Agrawal in the last meeting had described the \"delayed\" monsoon as \"unfortunate\" and had expressed fears that both Bhakra and Pong reservoirs might not be filled during the ongoing water-filling period.Filling period of Bhakra and Pong reservoirs is till September 20. The next meeting to review water release has been fixed for July 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15025577", "title": "Villagers thrive in the spirit of football", "text": "MADURAI: In a country obsessed with cricket, a few villages on the outskirts of Madurai city instead thrive in the spirit of football, religiously practicing the game every morning.At around 5.30am every morning, around 70 boys from Thiruvalluvar Nagar, Burma Colony, Thirunagar and Tiruparankundram gather on the ground at Thiruvalluvar Nagar. After a warm up session, they get divided into three teams based on their age. For the next two hours, the boys play vigorously, honing their skills with exceptional passes, ball possession and shooting goals. It is only after this that they head home at around 7.30am to get ready for school.These boys belong to the Acme Sports Club in Thiruvalluvar Nagar that was first started in the year 1996 with just 30 students from the locality. They feat of organising more than 70 boys could be achieved after a lot of hard work and perseverance. \"In the beginning, we were only around 30 boys in the locality and decided to play football at the local grounds out of interest. The success behind the club is that all 30 of us are still connected to the club, with each one supporting in various ways,\" says R Srinivasan, secretary of the club. \"Initially we played at the Thirunagar grounds in the morning hours. Slowly, other boys from the neighbouring areas joined us and we formed the club,\" he says. As the years went by, the club started proving its merit after winning the tournaments in the locality.Playing football has created a spirit of sportsmanship among the boys and each one credits the game for their overall development. \"I used to have quite an aggressive behaviour earlier. My parents were not happy about me joining the club at first, but after they started finding visible changes in my behaviour, they now encourage me to play daily,\" says K Surya from Thiruvalluvar Nagar. K Karthick studying in the 10th standard says he does not sacrifice his play time as it helps him study well.The Acme Football Club has gained a lot of favour in the locality over the years and the villagers consider it their own and send their children willingly. Some of the club members say they would like to get a place in college and university teams with their football skills. Besides, out of the 500 families in the locality, both adults and boys come to the grounds to play football. During holidays, even elders who are engaged in various occupations like carpentry and masonry do not hesitate to come to the grounds and play the sport.Started as a small play group, the club is now a favourite place for youngsters of the locality. As a future goal, the club is planning to procure a ground for themselves nearby and start a school where sports will be given more importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15024014", "title": "Govt pleads strongly for coal linkage to Barauni", "text": "PATNA: The state government made a strong plea for the allocation of coal linkage for the expansion project of Barauni Thermal Power Station (BTPS) in Begusarai district. Without coal linkage, some of the major upcoming power projects are pending. \"Bihar needs at least two coal blocs,\" state energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav told the Planning Commission at its meeting in New Delhi on Tuesday to discuss and review of the energy scenario in the country.Yadav also stressed the need for setting up a regulatory commission for coal linkages to rationalize allocation, saying that Bihar was facing tough challenges because of the non-allocation of coal linkages to the state. \"After obtaining all the necessary clearance, Barauni's (250x 2 MW) expansion project is pending for want of coal linkage. The Japan International Corporation Agency has already given clearance for its financial assistance but it would be done only after we get coal linkage,\" the minister said. Its expansion work has already been awarded to the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL).\"Similarly, despite the availability of water and land, we are unable to proceed with our plan to set up three new power plants, at Chausa (Buxar), Pirpainty (Bhagalpur) and Kajra (Lakhisarai). Bihar has always suffered discrimination at the hands of the Centre, particularly in developing its infrastructure. \"We have been raising this issue before the Centre since 2009. But we are yet to get the clearance,\" Yadav said.Besides senior officials of the state energy department , Union energy minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and deputy chairman of the Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia were present at the meeting.The minister reminded those present at the meeting that CM Nitish Kumar had requested PM Manmohan Singh to \"personally intervene\" in the matter of granting coal linkage to BTPS . In a letter to the PM on June 30, Kumar had stated: \"It is a matter of great disappointment that the ministry of coal has failed to appreciate the sensitivity of the issue (coal linkage demand) and has, in a routine manner, summarily rejected the demands raised in the all-party memo.\"The minister also said the coal ministry had never been positive towards the state's demand for coal linkage. On April 6, an all-party delegation from Bihar had presented a memorandum to the PM requesting coal linkage for the BTPS expansion projects.The minister categorically discussed the hydel power projects, status of the proposed nuclear power plant and rural electrification in the state. He also made a request to allocate 600 MW of power from the hydel power plant in Arunachal Pradesh. Bihar has already made it a point in the 12th five-year plan for adequate power allocation from Damodar Valley Corporation.Bihar has also asked the Centre to expedite the matter for setting up atomic power plant (2x700 MW) at Rajauli in Nawada district. The state government has already acquired 3150 acres of land for the purpose. Due to lack of sufficient water flow, the project is pending, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024737", "title": "Centre for Education and Development of Minorities fails to help minority students crack exams", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eighteen years after its conception, the Centre for Education and Development of Minorities (CEDM), formed to improve the participation and performance of students from minority communities in competitive and job-seeking exams, still finds itself on shaky ground with only a handful of candidates doing well in the exams.Chamak scheme, one of the job-seeking courses which offers training for civil services has seen only one successful candidate among thousands from 2000, with a batch of around 50 being trained every year. Of the 60 students who received training for Group I examinations, 10 have cleared the prelims this year. Sources from CEDM attributed the trend to the highly competitive nature of the civil services examinations.Further, training for admission seeking courses for students who had appeared for Eamcet too has not met with any substantial success this year with the first two ranks in the medicine stream (of students from CEDM) being 5,603 and 9,036, at the bottom of the ladder with little or no hope of securing a seat in any medical college. However, engineering stream students trained at the centre fared better with the top two ranks being 4,540 and 8,675. Students who sought training at the centre for Icet are the only exception who recorded a 96% pass percentage.Funded by the minorities welfare department, CEDM, the nodal agency of which is the Osmania University, also showed poor results in other job seeking courses such as Andhra Pradesh Teacher Eligibility Test (APTET) at ten centres across the state with a poor pass percentage of 36%. The institute has been however better in coaching Urdu and Telugu medium Class X students and recorded a pass percentage of 75.54% in 2011 as against 69.14% in 2010. Data for 2012 was not available at the centre.Experts note that average and below average students flocked CEDM in the hope of cracking various competitive exams. Member of Legislative Council Syed Amin Jafri said, \"The CEDM is trying to do whatever it can with students despite all its limitations. Muslim students have to compete in the general category where other applicants usually have access to better facilities and learning material.\"Since 1994, CEDM has been allocated Rs 15.48 crores out of which only Rs 10.76 crore has been sanctioned. This notwithstanding, the budget for 2012 has been increased to Rs 2 crore from the Rs 50 lakh that it was receiving since 2009. Sources from the centre pointed out that in a bid to improve the performance of civil services hopefuls, the centre has made a proposal to sponsor the training of 20 of their best students at reputed IAS training centres in the city. Sources said that almost half of last year's budget went towards paying salaries of its 20 employees and added that another Rs 2 lakh per annum was spent on rent and maintenance of its facilities at Nizam College.Prof S A Shukoor, director, CEDM said, \"We are hoping that an increase of funds this year will improve the results of UPSC and APPSC candidates. Further, civil services examinations need a lot of self study time. Unfortunately, students from minority communities look at things from an immediate gain perspective which hinders their foray into civil services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025170", "title": "Speeding bus rams girl, anger spills on to roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after a Punjab Roadways bus mowed down a woman and her niece, a student of class XI of Government Model Senior Secondary School (GMSSS) for Girls, Sector 18, Anupama, was hit by a speeding CTU bus near a bus stop in Sector 18 on Thursday.The 17-year-old was admitted to the PGI in a critical condition. The incident triggered anger among students of the school and other passengers, who were waiting for buses at the stop. An agitated group of youths damaged the glass door of another CTU bus, which had been speeding and whose door was shut even as a female student was about to climb in.Agitated people also blocked traffic leading to a jam of more than half-an-hour on the main internal road between Sector 18 A and B. The injured girl was rushed to GMSH, Sector 16, from where she was referred to the PGI. She underwent surgery and her condition is stated to be stable now.The incident took place around 2.30pm when Anupama along with her friends was waiting at the bus stop near Tagore Theatre in Sector 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027137", "title": "Sherlyn Chopra angry with Sajid Khan", "text": "Aspiring female actors have been allegedly receiving emails from Sajid Khan asking them to send him their nude pictures.A lewd joke played by an imposter who obviously hacked into the filmmaker's email account, has failed to impress Sajid. Furious, he has now registered an official complaint with the Cyber Crime Cell in Bandra Kurla Complex.Sajid told us, \"When I learnt about the obscene misuse of my email id, I filed a complaint and also terminated the account in June. But the imposter didn't mend his dirty ways. This is, to say the least, ridiculous.\"Sajid, whose next is a remake of the 1984 Jetendra-Sridevi starrer Himmatwala , added, \"I am not an email person. I don't need an email id. I used to check it only once in five-six months. I am flabbergasted with the imposter. He hasn't stopped his mischief even now. He has to be caught and fast. Recently, I had to send out a general message to everybody declaring that for God's sake, I don't have an email id.\"Meanwhile, sexy starlet Sherlyn Chopra , who also got an email from Sajid's mail id, is angry with Sajid Khan and has commented about him on her Twitter account saying, \"hum kehake nahi lete. Hum toh bas le lete hain!! Sajid Khan ho ya koi aur Khan, apni mardaangi apne size ke logon ko dikhaao n use itch guard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15023789", "title": "Work in Central Coalfields Limited mine paralyzed for 20 days", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Production at the Tapin South opencast coal mining project of the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) have been paralyzed for the past 20 days following demand for extortion by anti-social elements.SP Manoj Kaushik confirmed the closure of mine. \"I came to know about the incident two days ago and all efforts are being taken to resume the normal production work at the project,\" he said. He said he had informed the CCL authorities that all steps would be taken to provide security to the project and make it operative. Police have registered a case against some persons whom he did not name. He said \"I have directed the CCL authorities to start work from tomorrow (Tuesday) without fear as police protection will be given to them.\"The SP said some threatening posters were pasted on the gate and walls of the project in the name of CPI (Maoists) which created panic among the workers forcing them to abstain from duty fearing security.\"We are conducting a raid on the area to nab the culprits and also to find out whether it was the handiwork of some criminals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15024314", "title": "'Housewife's skillset may soon be recognized'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A housewife applying for a housekeeping job in a hotel or a local motor mechanic applying for a post in an automobile company might sound strange. But it's likely to happen with government working on a policy framework to enable people with certain skills to apply for jobs even without formal qualification.Under the 'recognizing prior learning' scheme (which people learn informally), the human resource development (HRD) ministry will set criteria for certifying such people so that they can apply for jobs. \"A housewife might have good knowledge about housekeeping that she has learnt informally without going to an institute. We want to recognize this skill and set the competency level to certify if the person meets some of the specified criteria such as fluency, knowledge of language and required attitude,\" a ministry official said.Similarly, there would be thousands with practical training in agriculture fields which a qualified farm manager might have learnt in the classroom. So, the ministry will soon come out with a policy framework for recognition, assessment and certification of such skills. \"There are millions in the country who are half-baked so far as vocational skills are concerned. We want to recognize the talent and skills no matter from where and how a person has learnt. It's a new frontier in adult education,\" the official said.Recognition of prior learning means making visible, reviewing and acknowledging the full range of competences (knowledge skills and attitudes) that adults have obtained in various contexts - formal, non-formal and informal, through various means in different phases of their life.To kick start this innovative policy, which has been a success in several countries, including Belgium , Denmark, New Zealand, Austria and Portugal, National Literacy Mission Authority (NLMA) has started the process to draft the guidelines for recognition of prior learning in English language.\"An inter-disciplinary committee has been constituted under the chairpersonship of vice-chancellor of English and Foreign Languages University, Hyderabad. It will fix the criteria and preliminary report would be filed within four months,\" a ministry official said.He added that qualification systems still focused on formal learning in educational institutions. This hindered the promotion of a more qualified labour force crucial to ensuring competitiveness and prosperity.\"As such, the unorganized sector has been hiring people who have practical knowledge and skill since their focus is to get productive workforce than emphasizing where the person has learnt the skill. Once we have this system of formal recognition of such skills, there will be more supply of workforce and even the monopoly of institutes would be curbed to some extent,\" the official said.He added that government will come out with a detailed framework of which agency will get the task of certifying the skills and where those needing \"finishing touches\" can undergo skill development training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024565", "title": "BJP's allies declare war on it in NMC", "text": "NAGPUR: Within four months of coming to power at Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the ruling alliance - Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) - is witnessing strong infighting. The Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) allies are up in arms to get their demands accepted.Sources told TOI that 17 NVA corporators, who made it possible for the BJP to come back to power, have started a campaign against it. \"17 corporators, including ten independents, two each from Muslim league, BRP-BMS and MNS, and one from Republican Ekta Manch will meet on Wednesday. Adding a twist, the six corporators from Shiv Sena too will join them,\" said sources.Further, a few independent corporators want to get some demands fulfilled. \"Independent corporator, chairman of octroi committee, Kishor Dorle wanted transfer of assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram to another department. Dorle also approached then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, But Meshram's track record and the fact that octroi is the main revenue source, ensured there was no action,\" said the sources.Dorle has the support of another independent corporator Harish Dikondwar, chairman of public health and market committee. Some other independent corporators too have similar views and plan to pressure Sole and other office bearers.Independent corporator Parinay Fuke wants to transfer assistant commissioner of Dharampeth Zone to another zone. Similarly, most corporators have one or the other demand.Sole and Datke, who met all 17 corporators on Tuesday, refused to comment on the issue.Already, BJP had given crucial posts to its allies in the NMC including four members of standing committee, one post of zone chairperson and two posts of consultative committee chairpersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024542", "title": "Maharashtra readies new education structure", "text": "NAGPUR: The state's school education structure is set for a major overhaul to ensure conformity with the Right to Education (RTE) Act. Highly placed sources in education department confirmed to TOI that under the new format, Std I-V will be classified as primary, Std VI-VIII as middle and Std IX-X as high school.The new system will be known as the '5+3+2' format, against '4+3+3' the state currently follows. A senior education official, who did not wish to be named as the assembly session was currently going on, said, \"RTE defines Std I-VIII as elementary education and that is what we are trying to format in the state. The detailed plan is ready and it will be brought before the state cabinet soon for approval.\" TOI had reported earlier that Union HRD ministry had asked states to implement the system.However, the government is aware the change won't be without complications. This restructuring will throw up infrastructural as well as administrative challenges for schools. Government primary schools (run by either zilla parishad or municipal corporation) will have to add classrooms to accommodate Std V. Also, almost all private schools in the state have separate principals for primary section and they will also have to undergo administrative restructuring with teachers for standard V having to report to primary principal.The biggest challenge is going to be for teachers who will need to upgrade their educational qualifications. Firoz Badshah, president, All India Secondary Teachers Federation, said, \"under RTE, those teaching up to Std VIII need to be graduates but current state laws permit even those with HSC and a diploma to teach these classes.\" The source in education department said, \"that is clearly a complicated part of this proposal but we will need to comply with RTE norms. We are working to see that there is a smooth transition.\"By adhering to the new '5+3+2' format Maharashtra will be joining various other boards in the country that already have a similar pattern. Badshah said, \"Almost everywhere in the country '5+3+2' format is followed. Maharashtra and Gujarat were the only exceptions. There are some southern states having a different system but there the process for change has begun. This change was long overdue but thankfully it is coming now.\"CBSE too follows '5+3+2' format. Reena Dargan, principal of Ira International, said, \"CBSE classifies Std I-V as primary, Std VI-VIII as middle, Std IX-X as secondary and Std XI-XII as senior secondary. Whenever CBSE gives affiliation, it is always up to Std VIII first and then later the further sections are brought under its ambit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15028637", "title": "Bomb blast in bus kills 13 people in Pakistan's northwest", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A powerful bomb blast ripped through a bus in the restive tribal belt of northwest Pakistan today, killing 13 people, including two children, and injuring four others, officials said.The incident occurred in Sepoy village of Orakzai Agency, officials of the local political administration said.The bomb was triggered by remote control while the bus was passing through the area.Seven persons were killed instantly and six more succumbed to their injuries in a nearby hospital.Two women, a three-year-old girl and an 11-year-old boy were among the dead.The injured were taken to a hospital at Kohat in Khyber- Pakhtunkhwa province and officials described their condition as critical.No group claimed responsibility for the attack.Security forces and a local 'lashkar' or anti-Taliban militia launched a search operation after the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15025174", "title": "Naren Tamhane: The man who saw Sachin's tomorrow", "text": "In olden days, seers and saints commanded huge respect as whatever they predicted turned out true. Over two decades ago in Mumbai, an unusual seer in shirt and trousers also made a prophecy \"Tendulkar never fails\". This was not only before Sachin was handed over the India cap, but when he was just 16. This seer was called Naren Tamhane.It was the selection for the Pakistan tour of 1989, and the five wise men of the national committee -- Naren Tamhane, Gundappa Vishwanath, Akash Lal and Ramesh Saxena alongwith chairman Raj Singh Dungarpur -- were lost in thought. A 16-year-old innocent and fragile-looking Sachin was the reason for their worry. Biggies succumb to these Pakistani bowlers, then what can this kid do? Will he succeed against Imran Khan, Waqar Younis, Wasim Akram and Abdul Quadir? And if his self-confidence gets busted, won't his career be as good as over?The discussion had been on for an hour when one selector started, \"He is talented all right, but at 16 if he fails against the Pakistani attack then...\" His sentence was cut short by Tamhane who thundered \"Tendulkar never fails.\"Speaking of that day, Raj Singh once said, \"Naren perhaps got disgusted with the arguments because he felt we weren't taking him seriously, and to be frank even I wasn't convinced. But at the end of the series, the entire selection committee praised his judgement.\"Cut to scene two. A year later and a day before the Ranji final between Bombay and Haryana, Tamhane summoned coach Balwinder Sandhu and me (I was the chief co-coordinator of the BCA-Mafatlal bowling scheme) to the Wankhede stadium. \"Prepare Abey (Kuruvilla) mentally, I am playing him tomorrow\". We were surprised and said that it had been only a couple of months for him in the scheme. He retorted, \"I have not called you to seek your opinion. I want you to follow my instructions.\" Kuruvilla picked four wickets on the first day, and Tamhane was proved right. Kuruvilla went on to take 290 first-class wickets and also played for India.Tamhane's thought surely had something divine in it. His rationale was much beyond the reach of normal human beings. Years of loving and following the game had given him an impeccable judgment.When Milind Rege was appointed a selector, Tamhane told him that though both were working for the Tatas, they shouldn't discuss selection matters outside the selection committee. \"I have been a Mumbai selector for more than two decades, but I still remember his words. He was a very good selector,\" says Rege.As a wicketkeeper, Tamhane made difficult catches look very easy. Rarely did anyone see him dive for a catch. Nari Contractor opines that it was because of his technical soundness. He was a safe wicketkeeper.Says Vasu Paranjape, \"Subhash Gupte told me he bowled with more confidence when Tamhane kept wickets.\"When he was very much past his best, he kept wickets for Tatas against Bombay University at the Parsee Gymkhana. Teenager Dilip Vengsarkar was batting aggressively for the university. When on 99, he tried to cut a wide delivery from medium pacer Ajit Naik. There were no slip fielders. As the ball was travelling in the direction of second slip, Tamhane moved swiftly and took the catch in both hands without falling. Everyone was stunned and so was Vengsarkar.As Paranjape, who played with him for Dadar Union and Tatas, says, \"He was such a brilliant keeper that I can remember all his dropped catches because he hardly dropped any. In the case of many other wicketkeepers, I can remember the ones who took catches because most hardly took any!\"If he was such a brilliant wicketkeeper, why wasn't he persisted with? Says Contractor, \"Somehow selectors felt the need of a wicketkeeper who could also bat, and Farokh Engineer was a young 'keeper who was a good bat.\"Tamhane certainly deserved more than the 20 Tests that he played, but he never held any grudge against anyone. He was one cricketer who kept in touch with maidan cricket not only in Mumbai but wherever he went as a national selector.Right till he breathed his last, Tamhane breathed cricket. With an awe-inspiring judgement of players and game situations, the man who discovered the God of cricket must have surely had something divine in him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15024439", "title": "Student, kin thrash schoolteacher", "text": "Midnapore: A Class-VIII student who was beaten up by his physics teacher on Tuesday, returned two periods later with a dozen outsiders to take revenge. While a spate of incidents of teachers roughing up students have made headlines in recent times, a Class-VIII boy subverted the persistent and conventional trope by attacking his teacher on Tuesday.The physics teacher, Ranjan Roy, of Kharagpur South Side Development High School (Boys) who was brutally beaten up had to be admitted to Kharagpur sub-divisional hospital.The boy was first thrashed by the teacher for not paying heed to his words. The teen, annoyed and humiliated at being roughed up in front of the class, gathered some outsiders to teach the teacher a lesson. A class eight student of Kharagpur South Side Development High School (Boys) attacked a teacher along with some outsiders to avenge the beating by the teacher. The injured teacher was hospitalized.The Class-VIII boy Sk Salim Javed, a student of class VIII came to the school on Tuesday after a long span. On seeing him in class, the teacher This surprised teachers and they enquired of the reason behind his prolonged absence. and for that teachers had wanted to know about his long absence.But the boy did not bother to reply. This happened during the first period. The teacher then asked him to go to the headmaster and seek permission for attending class but he didn't budge. he was wearing a cap and for that a teacher had asked to remove the cap. But he refused and did not give any proper reply to the teacher's query. Moreover, the teacher had asked him to go to the headmaster to get permission from the headmaster for attending class, as he failed to clarify for his long absence.When Roy came to take class in the third period, he too asked the same question. But as usual the boy did not bother to respond back. This angered the physics teacher and he thrashed the boy. Later, he resumed with the lessons. During the third period Ranjan Roy, a physics teacher who came to the class, asked Salim about his long absence. He too directed Salim to remove the cap from his hat. As the boy did not respond, for that the teacher started beating him and later resumed teaching the boys.The boy did not wait for the school to get over and left for his home during the tiffin period. Some time later during the fifth period, he returned with a couple of family members and neighbours. The During the fifth period, the boy along with a dozen men attacked Roy who was sitting in the teachers' room. No sooner the student had pointed out to the teacher, than the men started beating Roy up with a chair. Roy sustained serious injuries and was also wounded in the head. When another teacher Chanda Bera rushed to his rescue, the gang fled the spot. came to save Roy, Salim and his men fled.Soon police were informed and Roy was taken to the hospital. admitted to Kharagpur sub-divisional hospital.Repair work is under way near the school gate. Therefore the main gate was open which helped the boy to go back home and gather his kin. As there was a repair work going on at the school gate, so the gate was kept open and so Javed managed to go home and return with a dozen men.Headmaster Sudhapada Basu confirmed that the teen was absent for a long time. said that Salim was absent from school for a pretty long period.\"Now after the attack the teachers are feeling unsafe. We have lodged a complaint with the police naming the persons in the FIR who attacked Roy,\" Basu said. Secretary of the school Lalit Baran Roy said was irregular in school. They will hold a meeting of the school's managing committee will be held on Wednesday. The boy's guardian would also be summoned to discuss about the issue of attack on Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15024908", "title": "Apartment Act set to be scrapped in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: The state government is set to abolish the controversial Himachal Pradesh Apartment and Property Regulation Act, 2005, and has decided to bring in a bill in this regard during the upcoming monsoon session of the assembly in August. The move comes after a select committee of the assembly and a one-man judicial commission on benami land deals had expressed concern over the Act and recommended scrapping it.According to sources, the government will bring two bills in the monsoon session. While one would be related to the scrapping of apartment Act, the other would help strengthen the Town and Country Planning Act of 1977.In his report on benami land deals, Justice D P Sood had pointed out that permission was granted indiscriminately under the HP Apartment and Property Regulation Act, 2005, for setting up housing complexes consisting of a minimum 20 dwelling units for labourers within a radius of 10 kms of established industrial areas. In its industrial policy of 2004, the state government had accepted the creation of housing facilities as one of the key infrastructure sectors essential for industrial development. For this objective, the policy emphasized the need to ensure adequate housing facilities for various categories of the society, including industrial labour, in areas of industrial concentration.The report had further observed that out of over 173 builders and promoters registered with the town and country planning department, 60 were issued licence to construct apartments, cottages and dwelling units under HP Apartment and Property Regulation Act, 2005. \"Spot inspection showed that all these builders are catering to the needs of rich people from Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and NRIs. Their project reports indicate their clientele outside Himachal,\" added the report.In Himachal Pradesh, people other than Himachalis cannot buy land as per the provisions of Section 118 of HP Land and Tenancy Reforms Act of 1972. The commission also found that builders had purchased large chunks of agricultural land and converted these into \"gair mumkin land\" to cater to the rich and non-agriculturists from other states, thereby defeating the very purpose of Section 118 of the HP Land and Tenancy Reforms Act of 1972, which intends to preserve agricultural land.Observing that builders were creating concrete jungles and spoiling the natural forested environment of the state, the commission had recommended that the HP Apartment and Property Regulation Act, 2005, be withdrawn immediately. The issue of examining the Act was earlier assigned to a select committee headed by Shimla MLA Suresh Bhardwaj. The committee, comprising members of Congress and BJP , too, had recommended the scrapping of the Act and its merger with Town and Country Planning Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15025640", "title": "Activists in Indore to promote \u2018samarpan yatra\u2019", "text": "INDORE: A sixteen-member team from Arthakranti Pratishthan arrived in Indore on Tuesday to promote 'samarpan yatra.' The 'yatra', which started from Aurangabad on July 15, will be moving to Delhi, Bangalore, Haridwar and Ralegan Siddhi to meet APJ Kalam, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar , Baba Ramdev and anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare, respectively. The 'yatra' will conclude on August 1 after which the respective mentors will announce their support on August 16.The main agenda of the 'yatra' is to spread awareness about preventing growth of black money among people. The team would request all the four distinguished persons to create a panel which would prepare a 'public manifesto' for the next Lok Sabha elections. \"The 'manifesto' would be created with concrete proposals for complete makeover of the country in specific timeframe\" said Bhushan Patil one of the members from the team.The 'Samapan Yatra' is also supported by India against Corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023599", "title": "Constable found dead behind own police station", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of 56-year-old police constable Zambar Gawde, posted with the Dombivli government railway police (GRP) station, has been found in a gutter behind that police station's wall, in a decomposed condition.Gawde, who was posted with the Thane GRP and was recently transferred, went missing 18 days back.It was only on Monday that the policemen at the station got a foul smell and initially believed it was from a dead rat. They washed the entire police station but when the smell persisted on Tuesday, they checked the spot behind the police station's wall and found Gawde's body in the gutter.The Vishnu Nagar police, who have registered an accidental death report, have sent the body to JJ hospital in Mumbai for a post-mortem.Gawde, who lived with his family at Pant Nagar in Ghatkopar, is survived by two sons and a daughter. Elder son Sachin is a constable with the Mumbai police and like his sister Varsha is married.GRP officials said Gawde attended day duty on June 28 but stayed back at night. He was last seen at around 2am on June 29.When Gawde did not return on June 30, family members started enquiring about him. When they found that he was not at the police station, they filed a missing person's complaint on June 1. The family suspects foul play. Sachin, who is posted at the Mumbai police headquarters, said, \"The way my father went missing and the police could not get the smell for nearly 18 days is shocking. I want the police to find out the truth.\"Sources said that the Dombivli GRP had searched for Gawde at temples as he had a spiritual bent of mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024185", "title": "Govt firm over mother tongue as medium of instruction: Goa CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday reiterated in the Goa legislative assembly that it is the government's firm stand that primary education should be in the mother tongue.In reply to a starred question by Curtorim Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco on the state's policy on the medium of instruction (MoI), Parrikar stated that \"the policy adopted by the state for the year 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 as regards to the medium of instruction for the state of Goa is as far as possible in mother tongue of the child\".Parrikar further explained that his government has already permitted 23 new Konkani medium primaries and 25 new Marathi medium primary schools in the state. Permissions for another four Konkani medium primary schools and 18 Marathi medium primary schools are in process, he said, adding that he was expecting about 40 applications but received more.Of the applications for opening new Konkani/Marathi medium schools received, eight had to be rejected because they were close to government primary schools that were struggling for new enrollments.Asked what steps the government would take to avoid trauma to the students if the MoI was in the regional language (Konkani/Marathi), the chief minister stated the government will provide additional B Ed qualified teachers to improve the quality of English/Konkani/Marathi at the primary level.Pointing out that the government had agreed to give grants to about 126 schools that switched to English last year, opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane questioned why the government was not giving grants to other schools teaching in the English medium.The chief minister explained that many of these schools could not be given grants because they were started on the basis of an undertaking stating that they would not demand grants from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15024766", "title": "Trouble brews for PSR Anjaneyulu as National Human Rights Commission set to reopen case", "text": "GUNTUR: Controversial IPS officer PSR Anjaneyulu who escaped penal action even after the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) found clinching evidence against cops in his team for killing 13 people in fake encounters is in for fresh trouble. This is after NHRC on Tuesday decided to hear the charges against him afresh.NHRC chairman Justice K G Balakrishnan admitted a petition filed by senior advocate B Chandrasekhar on Tuesday and took up the case for hearing. He ordered the division bench headed by Justice B C Patel and Justice Satyabrata Pal, which had given the previous verdict, to hear the fresh petition. Chandrasekhar, the original complainant in the fake encounter case, met Balakrishnan in Delhi and submitted a petition seeking reopening of all the 19 cases and booking criminal charges against Anjaneyulu and his team of cops.Without going into the merits of the previous verdict, which awarded only monitory compensation to the kin of the victims and ignored the recommendation of initiating criminal proceedings against the police personnel involved in the fake encounters, the NHRC chairman ordered the posting of the petition before the same bench. The NHRC, in a stinging verdict, had declared 13 encounters that took place when Anjaneyulu was SP at Kurnool and Guntur districts as fake. While NHRC found 13 cases as fake and awarded the compensation, it said that one case involving the death of three prisoners was real. Curiously, the commission did not take up the investigation of another case citing a writ petition pending before the AP high court.Chandrasekhar said that details of the cases pending before the HC, which the NHRC had cited as sub judice, were not available in NHRC records. Chandrasekhar, in his petition filed in 2002, had listed 19 encounters before the NHRC and sought booking of criminal charges against the police teams. He argued that police killed 13 people in Kurnool during 2000-01 and six in Guntur during 2001-02. \"All the killings were branded as encounters in the guise of self-defence, which took place under the leadership of then SP Anjaneyulu,\" he said. Even as he was facing serious charges, Anjaneyulu went on to become DIG and IG in the last one decade and presently is IG, Greyhounds.Chandrasekhar, in his fresh petition, said: \"Justice Patel took all the pains to examine the records and declared 13 killings by police as extra judicial executions and recommended a compensation of Rs 5 lakh each to the kin of the victims.\" But, there was no recommendation for prosecution of the cops. He pointed out that the NHRC guidelines clearly mandate that all fake encounters be booked under sections 302 (murder) and 201 (suppression of evidence) of IPC.He said there was no reference that all the 19 encounters had occurred during Anjaneyulu tenure and pleaded with the NHRC to reopen the case and recommend filing of culpable homicide cases against Anjaneyulu and his team of cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15024284", "title": "Plan panel asks states to hike power tariffs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission has asked states to hike electricity charges to not only save the ailing power sector but also use the subsidy to fund essential services like drinking water, education and health, which are essential for promoting inclusive growth.\"The way the current situation (can) be handled is through some combination of tariff increase and serious efforts to reduce AT&C; losses,\" Plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia said, while addressing the conference of states' power ministers.In an economically sustainable model, the deputy chairman said, the subsidy should be there for only a certain category of people. The Centre is also coming out with a scheme to link central support to states with rationalization of power tariff.States should not waste money for subsidizing power, but should use the funds for providing basis facilities like drinking water, education and health, he argued.In the power and energy sector, Ahluwalia said, \"We need to recognize that the objective of inclusive growth will not be met if the power sector is not put on economically sustainable basis,\" adding, \"...it cannot possibly be the case that we are running an overall annual loss of about Rs 70,000 crore (in power sector).\"He cautioned that states, which had failed to raise power charges regularly would be required to make steep adjustments.\"Many states which have not adjusted tariff for 10 years in a row and assume that even a simple inflation adjustment of 5% ... they (may) need to adjust it by 60%,\" he said.The Centre also hinted that it is considering a bailout for state electricity distributors that are running in losses and are unable to pay for new supplies as they sell power below cost and also lose to pilferage.Faced with chronic power shortages, the Plan panel has set a target of adding 88,000 MW capacity to its existing 200,000 MW over the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15026128", "title": "Crime Criminal Tracking Network System in Ghazipur to ensure coordination in police dept", "text": "VARANASI: The Ghazipur district of Varanasi zone has become the first district of the state where the Crime Criminal Tracking Network System (CCTNS) was launched on Monday. The launching of the CCTNS will start in all other districts of the state by August 14.It may be mentioned here that the Varanasi district of this zone was also among three districts including Lucknow and Gautam Buddh Nagar when the CCTNS was introduced as pilot project in the state last year. As a part of the pilot project, the CCTNS was tested at Kapsethi police station in Varanasi. The IG zone Brij Bhushan on Tuesday confirmed that the process of installation of the hardware, software and training programme for the junior cops for CCTNS operation had begun in Ghazipur. This ambitious project of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) and union ministry of home affairs is aimed at connecting all police stations of the country through Virtual Private Network (VPN).The basic exercise of this project like providing five KV generator sets to each police station has also been completed in Varanasi district, disclosed the SSP Varanasi BD Paulson. According to officials, with the launching of project in all the districts, the basic work including installation of hardware, software and training of all policemen are expected to complete in next 15 months. An apex committee headed by the chief secretary and an empowered committee under Director General of Police are monitoring this exercise, they added.The officials said that the CCTNS would be installed in all 1,504 police stations of the state including 65 police stations of Government Railway Police (GRP) and offices of circle officers, additional SSPs/SPs, control rooms, DIG Range and IG Zone offices. For the CCTNS operation the state police had already started ensuring training programme for the junior cops in each district of the state by providing computer training centres and trained engineers in 2011-12.The computerisation of police stations had been done under Computer Integrated Programme Application (CIPA) in past. But, due to unavailability of power supply and alternative arrangements rare police stations utilised the benefits of computerisation.Keeping the same fact in view the provision of generator sets has been made. The IG said that separate budget for the fuel of generator sets had also been sanctioned by the government. It will help in ensuring uninterrupted power supply. It will help in maintaining the network and connectivity with the rest of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15025579", "title": "Special trains for 'Aadi Ammavasai' festival", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Division of the Southern Railway will operate special trains to clear extra rush of passengers attending the 'Aadi Ammavasai' festival at Rameswaram on Wednesday. The division will operate an express and passenger special trains to cater to the pilgrims. According to a statement from the division, a special express train will leave Madurai at 6am on Wednesday (July 18) and arrive Rameswaram at 9am. In the return direction, the train will leave Rameswaram at 1pm and arrive Madurai at 4 pm on the same day. The train will halt at Manamadurai, Paramakkudi, Ramanathapuram and Mandapam.The passenger special train will leave Madurai at 8.40am on Wednesday and arrive Rameswaram at 12.45pm. In return direction, this passenger special train will leave Rameswaram 2.10pm and arrive Madurai at 6pm on the same day. The passenger special train will stop at Madurai East, Silaiman, Tirupuvanam, Tirupacheti, Manamadurai, Sudiyur, Paramakkudi, Sattirakudi, Ramanathapuram, Valantharavai, Uchipuli, Mandapam Camp, Mandapam and Pamban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027905", "title": "Demi Lovato reveals why she used to self-harm", "text": "Demi Lovato has admitted that she needed to do \"something physical\" in order to cope with her negative feelings.The 19-year-old singer has lifted the lid on what caused her to self-harm, which was one of the reasons she went into rehab in October 2010.\"There were times I felt so anxious, almost like I was crawling out of my skin - that if I didn't do something physical to match the way I felt inside, I would explode,\" People magazine quoted her as telling Self magazine.\"I cut myself to take my mind off that. I just didn't care what happened. I had no fear,\" she said.The former Disney star now has been making positive strides on a daily basis.\"I make time for myself and meditate. I've spent the past two years getting over an eating disorder and issues like self-harming and bipolar disorder.\"I have to work on this stuff every day. I'm reminded of that whenever I eat or feel down,\" she said.Lovato has also made a surprising change in recent days that she believes is part of her new, healthier lifestyle, and cutting down on the use of her cell phone.\"I haven't used my cell in three months. Subconsciously, it was a crutch.\"When a room gets quiet, what do you do? Grab your phone! Now I can sit and have conversations with people,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025681", "title": "Unhappy with power supplier? Pick another", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another year, electricity consumers across the country will be able to choose their suppliers. In a bid to increase competition in the distribution sector, the ministry of power is working on some amendments to section 42 of the Electricity Act, 2003 to allow multiple suppliers of power in any licensed distribution area. Sources said a highpowered committee was set up to examine the proposed amendments and they are expected to be in place within a year.The freedom to choose power suppliers was so far discussed under the open access policy. But experts said this is a new concept and would bypass open access completely. \"Open access has a cap of 1 MW across the nation and has not really taken off in any city. Once the amendments are in place and notified by the Centre, it would be a much simpler process. Power suppliers can supply to any consumer in the city, irrespective of location and quantum of consumption . Consumers will be obliged to pay wheeling charges and cross-subsidization charges for getting power from their preferred power supplier,'' said a top official.In Delhi, this would mean the end of the monopoly enjoyed by the BSES discoms in south, east and west Delhi and by Tata Power Delhi in north Delhi. Each discom will be able to poach consumers in other areas by offering competitive rates and promise of better power supply.Section 42 of the Electricity Act deals with distribution . \"The Act is at present vague on distribution of electricity and the amendments are being brought in to give more clarity on how to choose power suppliers. The modification will make it clear that there can be more than one distributor in a licensed area,'' said sources. The move will mean residents of different floors of the same building may have different suppliers. The distribution network will be shared by the various distribution firms and wheeling charges payable by consumers will be set by state regulatory commissions. \"It will bring complete freedom for Delhiites. In the future, differential tariff and time-ofthe-day metering concept will also be introduced. Consumers may even have more than one supplier for their house, and different suppliers for different time slots in a day. Additional charges will be set by DERC,'' said Tata Power Delhi CEO Praveer Sinha, who is also a member of the committee.Experts said while this would be applicable across the country, it would not be feasible for a consumer to choose a power supplier from a different state.\"Technically, it would be possible when the amendments are in place but not very feasible. A consumer in Rajasthan wanting his power from Delhi will have to pay wheeling charges across two states, cross-subsidization charges, as applicable, and then tariff set in the particular state, which would be costly,'' said a senior power sector expert. The system is already followed in north Mumbai, where power is supplied to consumers by both Tata and Reliance following a Supreme Court order .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025178", "title": "Night-vigil CCTV cameras on anvil", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Close circuit television cameras that are currently installed at the traffic light points don't have the capacity to record traffic violations and any accidents during night hours. To deal with this situation, the Chandigarh traffic police department plans to install night vigil CCTV cameras.The officials inform these night vigil cameras would be installed at more than 30 traffic points including roundabouts and traffic lights, which are yet to get CCTV cameras and these will be capable of recording pictures of vehicles along with registration numbers during the night. A detailed proposal for 30 night vigil CCTV cameras worth around Rs 80 lakh has been sent to engineering department. And this plan would be good news for residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024432", "title": "Grain trader's 'tailor-made' crime goes wrong", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch sleuths nabbed five persons, including an established grain merchant and mill owner, who had offered a Rs 10 lakh supari for eliminating a friend-turned-foe trader and broker on January 3 over a business deal going wrong. The victim evaded death by a whisker when he wrenched the firearm from the hands of the attacker. The crime was out when the attacker, overcome by guilt, spilled the beans.Lure of money had dragged an embroidery expert, belonging to a family of traditional tailors, into crime. Mohammed Rafique was engaged in the family business before agreeing to be a hit man. It was Sharad Jain, son of the trader Roopnarayan who was the actual target, who thwarted Rafique's murder attempt by snatching the .32 bore firearm from his hand. Rafique had pulled the trigger but it missed. Police found another live cartridge in the weapon's magazine. Rafique had then managed to escape but sources said he later felt bad about himself and wanted to atone by offering himself to the police. An informer tipped off the crime branch leading to unraveling of crime.Sources from Kalamna police said that mill owner and merchant Ramna Rao Bola Musallaih Bola, alias Anna, the alleged mastermind, had offered the contract to Dilshad Khan to eliminate Roopnarayan Jain. Dilshad, a plaster of paris contractor, had roped in Rafique, Alauddin Shaikh and Asifuddin Imamuddin Khan to execute the killing. Alauddin too is a master tailor.Dilshad had met Anna while doing plaster of paris job at trader's place. Police said Anna had even paid Rs 25,000 as advance to Dilshad. Rafique was asked by Dilshad to execute the killing and paid Rs 5,000 as token advance. Rafique went to Jain's Surya Nagar based office along with Alauddin and Asifuddin on a bike. Roopnarayan's son Sharad was in the office when Rafique barged into the chamber and wanted to know who the owner was before firing.Crime branch squad under senior inspector Madhao Giri and comprising Prashant Deshmukh, Gautam Barhate, Kuldeep Petkar and others brought Rafique and rounded up the rest of his accomplices. The accused have been handed over to the Kalamna police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15024816", "title": "Stressed out Chinese goes missing, traced later", "text": "Hubli: A stressed out Chinese working in Hospet Steels Ltd of Kalyani Group sent police into a tizzy on Tuesday after his colleagues filed a missing complaint. He was later traced late in the night. Li Jianping (in pic), 41, who is working as chief technical officer in Hospet Steels Ltd, Ginigera in Koppal, went missing from the guest house where he was staying. He was staying with his four friends working in the same company. The team is involved in the expansion of Hospet steel unit and are in Koppal since June. When Jianping did not turn up at work till afternoon, a missing complaint was filed at Munirabad police station. Three police teams fanned out across Hospet, Bellary, Raichur and other surrounding areas of Koppal. At around 8pm, police traced him near Jianping near the Kirloskar factory, about 9 km away from his company. Speaking to TOI, SP B S Prakash, said that Jianping was under severe stress and wanted to take a break from his hectic work schedule. So he decided to take a stroll around the city. But lost his way. Jianping was unable to converse with the locals for directions. When his picture was flashed on local TV channels, residents identified him and alerted police, Prakash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023620", "title": "Congress MP Pravin Aron boycotts meeting with Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MP Pravin Aron boycotted a meeting with party chief Sonia Gandhi , saying he was miffed at the indifferent attitude of Union ministers towards party MPs.Aron stayed away from the delegation of Uttar Pradesh MPs, who met the Congress chief over the Presidential election. Sonia is meeting members from all states ahead of voting on Thursday. On Tuesday, she met a few state delegations and issued instructions about voting.Aron was reported to be angry at being ignored by Union ministers. He was quoted as saying that ministers were ignoring the party chief's repeated plea that they pay heed to requests of MPs and help them in carrying out their constituency-related matters. The boycott created a flutter in Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027116", "title": "SRK revisits the past", "text": "Katrina may have opted for a quieter birthday, but one of the men, behind her decision, chose to revisit the not-so-pleasant past.On July 16, Shah Rukh Khan went to the same nightclub in Bandra and chose the same seat where he lost his then best friend Salman Khan four years back. At 10.30 pm, SRK walked in and made himself comfortable in the corner where he fought with Salman. Ten minutes later, Anushka Sharma joined him. Their business managers kept them company for an elaborate dinner that lasted over two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15024531", "title": "Ramdev, Hazare vow to continue their fight against corruption", "text": "PUNE: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev and social activist Anna Hazare on Tuesday vowed to continue their fight against corruption till their demands are met.Hazare said their August 9 agitation in Delhi would coincide with August Kranti Din, the day when the Quit India movement was launched in 1942.\"Prior to this, a movement against corruption will be launched in New Delhi on July 25,\" Hazare said at a joint presser. He said his team will not be influenced by promises anymore. \"On the 12th day of our indefinite hunger strike in New Delhi last year, the Prime Minister had assured us (the team) that it was willing to consider three of our demands. A resolution was passed in Parliament on our demands. However, the government backtracked and instead accused us of misleading the people,\" Hazare said.\"Either there will be a Jan Lokpal or we will sacrifice (our lives). There are hundreds of people who die of heart attacks. It will be my good fortune (saubhagya) if I sacrifice my life in the fight against corruption.\"Ramdev said the government is afraid of bringing a strong Lokpal bill because it fears that its 14 ministers facing corruption charges would be in jail.Hazare asked the government to order an independent inquiry against the ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15024885", "title": "Student forum sets 24-hour deadline", "text": "Mangalore: The Campus Front of India (CFI) has warned that they will hold district-level protests if the management of Sri Ramakunjeshwara First Grade College, Ramakunja near Uppinangady in Dakshina Kannada district does not resolve the headscarf row within 24 hours. CFI members told reporters in Puttur on Tuesday that Muslim girls in the college should be allowed to wear the shawl of their uniform as headscarf. \"We will stage a dharna in front of Mangalore University and will demand vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy to intervene and resolve the issue if the management fails to resolve it by Wednesday,\" he said. CFI district president Aboobakker Siddiq said that the management locked the gate of the college and prevented Muslim girls from entering the campus wearing headscarf. \"Students have lost the opportunity to attend classes and they are worried about their future. Wearing headscarf is compulsory as per our faith and the Constitution of India too provides freedom to follow religious beliefs,\" he said and added that it is a violation of religious as well as human rights.The college management in its meeting had taken a stern decision that students should not be allowed to wear headscarf in classrooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15022801", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha undergoes bypass surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran actor and BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha underwent a bypass surgery on Monday evening.His wife Punam Sinha told TOI, \"He was admitted to the hospital after he complained of breathless which developed due to paint work that was going on at our residence. During the medical examination, it was found that there were some blockages, so on the advice of the doctor, we decided to rectify the problem. Mr Sinha is doing fine.\"The 66-year-old actor was admitted to Kokilaben hospital in Mumbai on July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15029265", "title": "US House bill seeks to designate Haqqani as a terror network", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ramping up the pressure on Obama Administration to designate the Haqqani Network as a Foreign Terrorist Organisation, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives has passed a bill through voice vote.The bill, which was proposed by Senator Richard Burr and was brought to the House Floor under suspension of the rules on Tuesday, requires the state department to decide within a month whether the Haqqani Network meets the criteria for the designation.In the absence of the legislation the Pakistan-based terror outfit can raise funds in America.An official FTO designation is a critical step allowing the United States to more aggressively undermine the network's support.The Haqqani network is accused of being responsible for a number of terror attacks against the US interests in Afghanistan.\"The Haqqani Network is engaged in a reign of terror in Afghanistan and is the single largest threat for IED's our soldiers face in that country. They actively plot and kill US and allied soldiers and routinely harm innocent Afghan civilian men, women and children in their path,\" said Mike Rogers, chairman of the house permanent select committee on intelligence.\"To better protect the lives of US soldiers, now is the time for action, not simply paperwork and talk. There is no good reason that this group has not yet been designated,\" Rogers said.On May 11, Rogers, ranking member Dutch Ruppersberger and their Senate counterparts, chairman Dianne Feinstein and vice-chairman Saxby Chambliss , called on the Obama Administration to designate the Haqqani Network as an FTO.On June 27th, Chairman Rogers, House foreign affairs committee chairman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , and House armed services committee chairman Buck McKeon introduced legislation demanding that the Haqqani Network be designated as an FTO.Language from the Rogers/Ros-Lehtinen/McKeon bill was included in the bill that passed the House.Specifically, an FTO designation permits the United States to freeze the Network's assets, keep those affiliated with the group from coming to the United States, and prosecute those individuals aiding or assisting the network with the crime of providing material support to terrorism.The bill which mandates a report from the state department was previously passed the Senate on December 17.The measure now heads to the White House .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15023812", "title": "CAT may go global", "text": "KOCHI: Indian Institute of Management (IIM) authorities are toying with the idea of conducting Common Admission Test (CAT) on a global scale from next year.It is not yet clear whether students who appear for CAT held abroad would get admission to IIMs or the score would be valid only for admission to B-schools in their own countries.During a meeting held in the city on Tuesday, IIM directors explored ways and means to make CAT more relevant to the market.Debashis Chatterjee, director, IIM-Kozhikode, said: \"We are in the preliminary stage of thinking. And it is our collective thinking that will shape the future decisions.\"IIM authorities feel CAT should go international. There was a consensus the CAT in its present format focuses on quantitative ability and data interpretation, besides verbal ability and logical reasoning of a candidate, and doesn't test an individual's managerial orientation, and this needs to change, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow/bareilly", "code": "15023208", "title": "Celebratory firing kills boy in Bareilly; 5 cops suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW/BAREILLY: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday suspended five policemen and transferred a circle officer in connection with Monday's celebratory firing in Bareilly in which a 10-year-old boy lost his life. Instructions have also been issued to book the chairman of Visharatganj Nagar Panchayat in Bareilly under section 30 of the Arms Act, as it was his oath taking function where one of his supporters fired in the air, resulting in the tragic incident.Those facing penal action include sub-inspector Bharat Singh and constables Durgesh Kumar, Israar Ahmed and Shiv Narain who were present at the venue when the incident took place. All of them are posted at the Visharatganj police station. Station officer in-charge of Visharatganj police station has also been suspended for his failure to prevent the incident in the jurisdiction of his police station. Circle officer and sub-divisional magistrate Aonla, who were present at the venue, have been transferred. The CO has been attached to the DGP headquarters with immediate effect till further notice.On Monday, Mehtab (10) was killed when he was hit by a stray bullet fired at the oath taking function of the SP-backed and newly-elected chairman of the Visharatganj Nagar Panchayat Riyaz Ansari from the licensed gun of a supporter Mohammad Danish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027380", "title": "Kannada hero is villain in Simbu's Vaalu", "text": "Vaalu , which stars Simbu, Hansika and Santhanam, has a new addition to the cast. Aditya, a leading hero from Kannada films, joins the team today as he begins shooting for the film.Talking about his role, Aditya says, \"I play an out-and-out negative character in the film. While at that, it is not the usual bad guy, as this guy is very charming and suave. In fact, in this comic entertainer, the heroine's running behind me, while the hero is after her.\"Quiz Aditya, who comes from one of the reputed filmi families in Sandalwood, on why he chose to make his start as a villain and he says, \"Kollywood was always on my mind and I was only waiting for a good break. Rajini sir is my idol and he too began through negative roles.\"He adds, \"We all begin our careers by playing heroes in our respective industries. But, it s only through opportunities like these that we can experiment. Sudeep took the risk with his Rajamouli film and it paid off.\"Aditya also believes that this is the only natural progression for the Indian film industry to take. \"It was bound to happen that heroes and big actors eventually agreed to do interesting character roles. People in Hollywood have been doing it for long, finally it is an acceptable thing to do here as well.\"Villains from Karnataka:Rajinikanth began his innings in K-Town playing negative roles in the initial part of his careerPrakash Raj moved from television serial roles in Karnataka to becoming one of the most sought after villains todayKishore transitioned from Kannada to Tamil films and has become a villain to watch out for todaySudeep recently played the villain in his debut Kollywood film that released recently", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026049", "title": "Voting today for civic bodies seats", "text": "KANPUR: Nearly 1,18,018 voters are all set to decide the fate of 111 candidates contesting for the post of Nagar Palika and Nagar Panchayat chairman besides 508 candidates are contesting for Nagar Panchayat members of Local Body election in bordering Ramabai Nagar (Kanpur Dehat) on Wednesday.Polling will be held from 7 am to 6 pm.Unlike in the past, identity proof such as driving licence, pan card, ration card issued by the state government, passport, bank pass-book, and 10 other ID proofs would be taken as proof to allow the voter into the booth.Voters comprising of male and female are expected to exercise their franchise in 72 polling centres comprising of 173 polling booths across the district.Nearly, 160 booths have been identified as sensitive and hyper sensitive for which adequate companies of PAC and RAF (Rapid Action force) besides teams of QRT (Quick Response Team) along with 1,000 personnel of civil police and homeguards have been deployed to ensure a free and peaceful polling.Assistant district election officer Bharat Ji Pandey said voters' slips have been delivered and voters should carry them to the polling station.\"In case they don't have the slips, they can collect it at the polling station before voting,\" he said.\"No one will be allowed into the polling booth without carrying any of the above ID proofs or EPIC or voter slip issued by the EC,\" he said. Meanwhile, the candidates in the district were seen indulging in last-minute canvassing for votes.A senior police official said at the sensitive and highly sensitive polling stations, extra force would be deployed so that anti-social elements find no chance to disturb the smooth conduct of the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024890", "title": "Intel sharing on Alang operations needed, say officials", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Several intelligence reports over the last decade have mentioned nefarious activities at the graveyard of ships at Alang in Bhavnagar. The latest one speaks of Pakistani nationals involved with 'D-company' based in London and UAE holding a major stake in the country's shipbreaking industry and investing crores in Alang.However, a faint effort has been made by central or state agencies to dig out and verify claims made by the country's premier intelligences institutions. A top-level Central Intelligence Bureau meeting in Ahmedabad discussed the security threat at Alang on Tuesday and emphasized the need for agencies to share information on inbound ships and the people involved.The meeting was attended by senior officials from IB, Coast Guard, Air Force, DRI, Customs and the Army. The need for an ad-hoc nodal agency to share crucial intelligence was also discussed.\"There have been several inter-ministerial and security agency meetings on Alang. However this has not translated into action on the ground. In the absence of political will at centre and state, law-enforcement agencies can do little at Alang,\" said convener of Toxic Watch Alliance, Gopal Krishna, who in May this year wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about security and environmental concerns at Alang.Since 2006, various agencies have been briefing the inter-ministerial committee meeting for the shipbreaking industry about usage of fake documents to get permissions for dismantling ships. In fact, a standing monitoring committee on shipbreaking yards at Alang in 2011 noted that customs officials and Gujarat Maritime Board are unable to verify whether documents provided to them, when ships land at Alang, are falsified or not. Intelligence agencies briefed an inter-ministerial committee in Delhi in February 2012 about the entry of Dawood's aides into the industry and the potential security implications.Last year, activists revealed how 'Platinum II', a ship from the US was brought to Alang using fake registry documents of the Republic of Kiribati .\"In 2005, a 51 year-old asbestos-laden ship 'Riky' sailed to Alang under the flag of Roxa, a non-existent country. The ship has been dismantled but we are fighting a case in the Supreme Court against the company and government bodies who let the ship to enter India,\" said Krishna.In the last two decades, over 5,500 ships have been dismantled at Alang and over 100 ship-breaking companies are active in Alang. Alang has seen several excise and customs default cases and a few cases of people caught with satellite phones brought along with vessels.\"There is no visible presence of D-company in the region, but hawala and angadia networks are ubiquitous. Reports on illegal activities have been submitted at the top level, but agencies on the ground have never been asked to investigate such matters,\" said a retired IPS official who has worked in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024416", "title": "Multiple entry points make Bannerghatta porous", "text": "BANGALORE: The 270-sqkm Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP) has a porous boundary making entry into the forest through multiple points very easy, wildlife and adventure enthusiasts point out.Elephants trampled to death Satwik Shastri, 24, senior business analyst at Mu Sigma Inc, during a trek there late Saturday.NJ Guna Prakash, wildlife enthusiast and photographer who stayed close to BBP for 10 years, said he had on several occasions dissuaded youths from entering the park.Barring trenches to prevent elephants from straying into human habitation, BBP has nothing to deter people from entering, he pointed out. There are no warning boards which warn trespassers from going into the forest, he added.Another wildlife photographer Lokesh Mosale said that the law of the land doesn't exactly prevail in the forest in the absence of monitoring and enforcement. \"Nothing prevails here -- neither the Forest Act nor the Indian Penal Code. I've seen people behaving like they own the place,\" he said.He said easy access to BBP results in many citizens entering it on their own. \"They don't even seek advice from locals and tribals who know the jungle well,\" he said.Mosale said BBP is elephant country and those who go there should know the perils they may encounter.Uday Dev M, a software engineer and member of a closely-knit group of trekkers, said he and his friends prefer most-frequented paths rather than venturing into forests. \"There may be umpteen number of entry points into the BBP but that doesn't mean anyone can venture into it. BBP is a total no-no for trekking. There are other places to go. Please discover better places, not jungles where you are at the mercy of animals,\" he said.Divisional forest officer N Devaraj points out: \"There are enough boards warning people from entering Bannerghatta forest. People read them and move into the forest anyway. Most trespassers are educated. Locals also keep warning those who enter the forest about the dangers.\"What the law saysSection 24 of the Karnataka Forest Act prohibits trespassing into forest. It says those guilty of trespass shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year or with a fine which may extend to Rs 2,000, or with both. In addition, they may be liable to pay such compensation for damage done to the forest as the convicting court may direct to be paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14774417", "title": "Top 10 Scenes of Dara Singh", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025112", "title": "Defunct helplines, helpless students", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students seeking admission in Lucknow University are helpless when it comes to using helpline numbers. Though the university boasts of five helplines to assist students facing any kind of problem for admission, not even one is found functional.Sample this. Gaurav Siddharth who has been trying the helpline numbers for the past 15 days has finally lost hope. \"The helpline numbers are for students support. But calling up LU helpline numbers seems to be a herculean task. Whenever I cal, the number is either busy or my call is put on hold and eventually disconnected,'' rued Gaurav.The unavailability of the helpline took its toll. Gaurav who wanted to know about the status of vacant seats in Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) failed to get the information on time. \"I was out of town and so missed the main counselling. Thus, I wanted to enquire whether the second counselling will be held or not,'' he saidff.Prashant Mishra wanted to clear some doubts related to documents that were required at the time of counselling. \"I could not get any response from the helpline numbers. For every single confusion, I had to visit the campus,'' he said.Prashant's friend Aashraya Seth said, \"Most of the times the helpline numbers were out of reach. This only happens in the government-run institutions.''After receiving several complaints from the students, TOI tried all helpline numbers for more than four hours. But, none was available. LU admission coordinator Prof Rajeev Pandey was unavailable for comments.\"It's irritating when you call up and all you get to hear is - The number you are trying to reach is not responding at the moment. Please call later. LU helpline numbers have only this to say,'' said Narayan Mishra, a student who failed to get admission in BCom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15024051", "title": "Vietnam gas exploration extension offer to India may rile China", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vietnam has offered to extend India's contract for a gas block in the South China Sea for two more years, raising the prospect of India getting embroiled in the territorial disputes of that region with China. Beijing has recently heightened tension by getting its energy major, CNOOC, to give out several blocks for exploration in the same area \u2014 India's Block 128 and another block fall within the overlapping claims of China and Vietnam.India's OVL had decided to get out of Block 128 in June after their surveys showed that there was little prospect of gas in that area. Their exploration efforts had also hit hurdles due to the hard sea-bed. Given that neighboring block 127 was dry and no foreign partners were forthcoming, OVL decided to exit block 128.However, with Vietnam running into political problems with China over sovereignty, Hanoi decided to extend India's presence in the area as a hedging tactic. A senior official in OVL said that Vietnam had offered to share new geological data that might point to the presence of substantial amounts of gas in that block. Now, OVL has two years to scout for gas in a place, where competing territorial claims between China and Vietnam might complicate issues for India, despite India's long-standing presence in the region.In June, Vietnam's parliament restated its territorial claims over Spratly and Paracel islands, which invited spirited protest from China. In response, CNOOC invited overseas oil firms to bid for exploration in nine blocks in western part of South China Sea, which Vietnam also claims. This week, CNOOC officials claimed the bids were \"progressing well\". However, energy analysts said it would be difficult to attract energy majors in this region because of the disputes.China is facing increasing opposition from its neighbours in the South China Sea area. For instance, in recent months, the Philippines and Vietnam have all come out against an aggressive China. Taiwan, too, lays claim to the Spratlys. On Monday, Taiwan took the bold step of putting out weather reports of Spratlys Islands in a bid to establish sovereignty.South-east Asian nations tried to tie China down to a code of conduct during the recent ASEAN meeting. But China, having won over the ASEAN chair, Cambodia , to its side, ensured that no joint statement was issued after the ASEAN meeting, a first in their history.In 2011, China had warned India and Vietnam following an energy agreement between the latter. \"China has indisputable sovereignty over Nansha Islands and the surrounding waters. Our stance and related claims are constant and clear,\" a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman had said.India maintains that its presence in the area is \"purely commercial\", and that sovereignty issues should be settled according to international laws. India has also preferred to go by Vietnam's territorial sovereignty on the blocks 127 and 128.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15024924", "title": "PGI Chandigarh offers hope for Hawking disease cure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cure for Stephen Hawking's disease is in sight. Offering hope to those suffering from motor neuron disability, for the first time in the country, PGI Chandigarh has conducted stem cell trials on such patients. The results have shown that the disorder can be halted from aggravating. The motor neuron disease known as ALS (Amyotrohic Lateral Sclerosis) leads to muscle wastage and in the end the person dies. There is no treatment for the disease. The malady progresses from muscle wastage of lower limb resulting in frequent fall, spreading to the upper limb to slurring of speech.Dr Sudesh Prabhakar, head of the neurology department who has conducted the trials successfully, said, \"We had 10 patients with the disorder. They were followed up for a year after the stem cells were inducted from the patient's own bone marrow. The results are promising as progress of the disease has been stopped.\"The trials were conducted following approval from ethical committee of the institute. \"We did the trials jointly with the department of transfusion medicine,\" said Prabhakar. Claiming this as the first such success in the country, he feels that this is a therapy for a disease which has no treatment.In India, there have been no such clinical trials, while China, Japan and Korea have conducted them.As Dr Asok Mukhopadhyay, a senior scientist at the National Institute of Immunology, Delhi, said, \"There is an ongoing debate between the scientists and the doctors on stem cell for the ALS as a therapy. Doctors believe that as there is no standard therapy, stem cells can at least help delay the disease from further deterioration. The scientists feel that the clinical trial must first be done on animals before to taking them directly to humans.\"The next step should be to include more patients and increase the period of follow up.Prof T R Raju, head of neurophysiology, NIMHANS, Bangalore, said, \"The efficacy and safety can be provided by animal studies first. However, for any breakthrough a trial directly on humans in a controlled and limited way for improving the quality of life is commendable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15024003", "title": "CM optimistic of 13% growth rate", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Tuesday released the approach paper to 12th Plan exuding confidence to achieve 13% growth rate in the next five years with justice.The approach paper stresses on massive investment in infrastructure and strengthening social sector to address the economic need of the last man on the social ladder. It figures out a combined public and private sector investment of about Rs 10.36 lakh crore to achieve the target of 13% growth rate with an estimated state plan investment to the tune of Rs 2.72 lakh crore.Kumar said the approach paper for the 12th Plan has emphasis on agriculture, raising per capita income, gainful employment, devising skill development strategy and assessment of the types of human resources required during the Plan period. He said the target is to raise the number of self-help groups (SHGs) to 10 lakh with special programmes for mahadalits, minorities, tribal and EBCs.In energy sector, the thrust will be to achieve the target of 731.66 units (at present 122.21 units) per capita power consumption by the end of the Plan, he said. On education front, the paper suggests all the universities to evolve a system of annual academic audit for colleges and all universities and colleges should be accredited by NAAC.The time distance from the remotest village in the state to the capital is to be reduced to six hours, and even less, by providing road link to every tola of 250 people, Kumar said.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi enumerated the gradual bridging of the gap between the per capita national and state income during the NDA rule in Bihar. Minister, planning and development, Narendra Narayan Yadav, said there had been all round development in the state with justice and Bihar achieved 99% of the 11{+t}{+h} Plan target.Stating that high share of primary sector would continue, principal secretary, planning and development, Vijoy Prakash, said public investment needed to be directed for accompanying increase in the share of secondary sector but not at the cost of agriculture sector which would play an integral part in the state development to ensure primary source of livelihood to the 88% rural population.Explaining cross cutting issues for inclusion at all levels, Prakash said the planning would be based on entitlement and habitation with convergence approach in implementation of development schemes through dovetailing of funds, convergence of services and human resources to target development of the last person by leveraging maximum benefit on the doorstep of beneficiaries. Skill development strategy would be devised to meet the futuristic requirements through manpower planning, he said. The concept of broad streaming has been included in the plan process to give equal importance to the lifestyle practices, habits, languages and vocations of underprivileged people, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15024489", "title": "Rescued from kidnappers, girl raped by cops in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: A teenaged girl allegedly kidnapped by three men in Sitapur was reportedly recovered, detained illegally for five days and repeatedly raped by a policeman and a village chowkidar before being handed over to the family. Despite repeated complaints, police have turned a blind eye to the incident ever since it came to light about a month ago.Police initiated some action last week after a similar incident was reported from the state capital last week in which the Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court took suo moto cognizance the media reports and summoned the Lucknow district police chief. However once the media focus shifted from the incident, the Sitapur police allegedly shelved the inquiry into the poor villager's complaint.According to victim's father Rameshwar, his 16-year-old daughter Suntia (both names changed to conceal identity) was kidnapped by a local youth Rajnesh and his aides on April 2 this year. Rameshwar lodged a written complaint with the police the same day but no action was initiated against the accused till he approached the senior officers who directed the local Piswan police to register a case. Finally, an FIR was lodged with the Piswan police on April 8.When no further action was taken, Rameshwar on June 3 threatened to immolate himself outside the police station. When the immolation threat appeared in the local media, senior officers directed the Piswan police to workout the case. As a result, Sunita who was untraceable since April, was recovered by sub-inspector (SI) Ram Prasad Premi, the investigating officer in the case within the next 48 hours (on June 5).Rameshwar said on June 5 the village chowkidar reached his house and informed him that Sunita had been recovered. He accompanied the chowkidar to a location in another village from where Sunita was supposedly rounded up. Thereafter, Rameshwar, Sunita, the village chowkidar and the SI along with a constable started for the Piswan police station. Rameshwar said on the way, he was asked to get off the vehicle and reach the police station by himself.For the next five days he kept on visiting the police station enquiring about his daughter only to sent back home on one pretext or the other. Once again it was only after Rameshwar threatened to immolate himself, that the village Chowkidar escorted the girl home. \"Once she reached home she narrated her ordeal that she underwent first at the hands of the accused and then the SI and chowkidar,\" Rameshwar said.Since then Rameshwar has been begging for justice but in vain. \"When the Lucknow incident took place, they called me and recorded my statements. But a couple of days later, everything went quiet. This time, it will not be a mere threat but I will immolate myself and the Sitapur police will be solely responsible for it,\" Rameshwar told TOI.Circle officer Mishrikh Vijay Tripathi, when contacted, feigned ignorance about any such complaint.The police, however, are learnt to have developed a cold feet once queries were made by the media in connection with Rameshwar's complaint. Any inquiry into the complaint will land the Sitapur police in a big trouble because the police after tracing Sunita had not got her medical examination done and sent her home instead. This is a blatant violation of the procedure followed in a case of recovery of a kidnapped minor.Now that Rameshwar has once again threatened to immolate himself, like Balram Prasad, the 80-year-old social worker who torched himself near the SP Azamgarh office on Monday, he is hopeful that some action will be initiated against the accused. In his suicide note, Balram had accused police of high handedness, prompting the senior officials to take up the case immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024734", "title": "Liquor traders lose banks' backing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Follies committed by liquor dealers in the past have returned to haunt them with the banks refusing to give guarantee to the new licencees on the grounds that the dealers had defaulted on payment of licence fee last year and that many of them were actually benami licence holders.As per the new excise policy, the new licencees had to produce a bank guarantee (BG) to get the regular licence on or before the 15 of this month, but with the banks showing thumbs down, as many as 40% of them have found themselves in a tight corner. As their provisional licence expired on July 15, the AP Beverage Corporation Limited (APBCL) has stopped delivering stock to them.\"The dealers have not been able to lift the stocks because of non-issuance of licence to them as they could not produce the bank guarantee in time. Apart from the fact that there are no takers for the shops due to the high licence fee, the confusion over the bank guarantee is adding to the crisis,\" said D Venkateswara Rao, president of Twin Cities Wine Merchants Association.In the wake of the ACB investigating the liquor scam that includes benami licence holders and the dealers failing to pay the licence fee to the excise department because of which the banks had to make the payment, the bankers this time around are particular on the antecedents of the licencees and demanding full payment for issuing the bank guarantee.Earlier, the banks used to issue bank guarantee even with a payment of 20% deposit amount of the licence fee, but now they have decided to go by the rule book. The badly hit are the licencees in Hyderabad as the fee in the city is as high as Rs 1.04 crore. As a rule, they have paid one-third amount of the licence fee in terms of EMD and the rest they can pay in two installments, but have to produce bank guarantee now. With the banks asking for the full amount, a dealer has to deposit Rs 69.33 lakh after the initial payment. According to sources, of 160 shop owners in the city, over 70 have failed to get the bank guarantee.With the threat of cancellation of licences lurking, the new licensees appealed to the excise minister on Monday, who orally assured them that the last date for producing the bank guarantee would be extended to July 25. But with no official communication coming till Tuesday evening, there was complete confusion at the office of the excise commissioner as the APBCL refused to release stocks unless there is a written communication extending the validity of the provisional licence till July 25. \"We know the government is sympathetic towards the dealer and the issue is expected to be resolved, but we can't act on oral orders. We are delivering stocks only to those who have regular licence,\" said an APBCL official.While this is expected to hamper the liquor business and hurt the government revenues, interestingly, the volume of sales has increased this year. The amount of liquor sold between July 1 and July 15 this year is Rs 1033 crore as against Rs 600 crore recorded in the corresponding period last year.An industry watcher analyzed that the growth in the sales was because the new licences had purchased excess liquor when they obtained the provisional licence and that was serving as the buffer stock. \"The actual impact of the crisis on the business would be known in the subsequent days. And unless the crisis is resolved, the sales will come down,\" he averred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15023883", "title": "Mukhiya supporters attack Belaganj PS, police fire in air", "text": "GAYA: Hundreds of supporters of Chiraila panchayat mukhiya Suraj Deo Yadav on Tuesday attacked the Belaganj police station in an apparent bid to secure the forcible release of the mukhiya, who, earlier in the morning was arrested following a shooting incident in which Jitendra Yadav, mukhiya's rival and predecessor received a gun shot injury in the thigh. The injured ex-mukhiya has been admitted to the hospital and is said to be out of danger.Confirming the incident, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said police fired in the air as conventional crowd control methods failed to rein in the anti-social elements, who indulged in heavy stone pelting. The missiles thrown by the mukhiya supporters hit nearly half a dozen cops, but luckily, the policemen escaped with minor injuries, said the SSP. The mukhiya, accused of causing injury to his rival, has been forwarded to the Gaya Central jail.According to stories doing rounds in Belaganj, one school boy was injured in the police firing. Denying the 'rumour' about any injury to a school boy, the SSP said the boy was injured in stone pelting by mukhiya supporters and the question of bullet injury does not arise, as the police fired in the air to get the mob dispersed.Besides creating a reign of terror in Belaganj, mukhiya supporters blocked traffic on NH-83 for nearly three hours demanding his release. Hundreds of vehicles remained stranded on either side of the blockade point. The road blockade was lifted only after the cops ran out of patience and opened fire in the air to restore order.The police also arrested more than 20 persons, who allegedly took active part in the attack on the police station and caused injury to the cops. Confirming the arrests, the SSP said the police have launched a manhunt to nab others who prominently figured in the video footage on Tuesday's violence.The Chiraila panchayat mukhiya, the man at the Centre of Tuesday's attack on the police station, according to the SSP, was involved in several cases of murder and other criminal offences and was in jail for quite some time. He was only recently released on bail and on Monday, the police apprehending trouble after his release from jail applied for bail cancellation, said the SSP.According to Magadh range DIG Nayyer Hasnain Khan, the situation is under control and strict vigil is being maintained, while additional SP Shafiul Haq was camping at Belaganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025279", "title": "Shiv Sena protests lack of help for Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation schoolchildren", "text": "PUNE: Protesting against the delay in distribution of school items to students in municipal schools in Pimpri-Chinchwad, Shiv Sena leaders on Tuesday presented a kit of the items to the administration officer of the PCMC school board.Party leaders including Sulabha Ubale, Shrirang Barne, Dhananjay Alhat, Sangeeta Pawar and Ajay Saikar met school board officer Balasaheb Ovhal and handed him a kit comprising shoes, textbooks, raincoats and sweaters.They told Ovhal that the school items should be handed to the children in June but usually they come much later. As a result, the students face hardships.\"We have given the municipal school board a week to distribute the school items to the students. If they fail to do so, we will hold an agitation,\" said Ubale.A memorandum on the demands of the Shiv Sena delegation was also submitted to the municipal commissioner's office. The memorandum states that because of the negligence of the school board, the municipal students never get the free school items on time.\"The items should be purchased and distributed after analyzing the market rates and ensuring quality. The Shiv Sena will not allow the contractor, officials and civic office-bearers to distribute low-quality goods to the students and we will conduct a severe protest,\" the memorandum stated.Speaking to TOI, Ovhal said, \"The school board will complete the distribution of the school items by the end of this month.\"He further said that distribution of 90 per cent of the school uniforms has been completed. Only the distribution of notebooks and shoes is remaining. \"The proposal about the purchase of the shoes has been sent to the municipal commissioner for administrative approval.\"Ovhal said that the work order for distribution of the shoes will be issued after receiving the approval.\"We will hold a meeting on July 19, to take a decision on distribution of the notebooks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15029167", "title": "From reel to real", "text": "In a first of its kind act in Bhojpuri film industry Hyder Qazmi does a shoot at site for a jail scene in his latest flick Kaalia. The producer cum actor has shot some frames of the film in Bihar's Naxal hit district Jehanabad's Kakopoli Jail. Says Qazmi, \"Till now all jail scenes in Bhojpuri films have been shot inside a film studio but I wanted to show the real jail in my film. Since the jail is under renovation mode right now we easily got permission for shooting inside the jail.\"Kaalia is being directed by Rangbaaz's director Shivram Yadav. Akshara Singh has been cast opposite Qazmi who also plays the main lead in the film while the role of the villain has been bagged by Anil Yadav and Baleshwar Singh will be seen playing his aide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15024503", "title": "9 snake charmers arrested, 12 Black Cobras seized", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest department officials arrested nine snake charmers including three juveniles and seized 12 Black Cobras (Indian Cobras) from their possession on Monday night. It took hours for forest and police department staffers to round up all nine charmers as they were out in town collecting alms.Forest officials are on their toes following fresh alert declared by forest department about presence of Baheliya poachers in Vidarbha region. Senior officers had intelligence about movement of some Baheliya poachers, moving in disguise of sages, in famous Mahakali temple area. Accordingly team of foresters from Chandrapur forest ranges were on lookout for the poachers in the area since last three days.The forest staffers involved in the search operations saw a 12-year-old boy sitting over many cloth bales on Monday evening. Suspecting his demeanour, forest officials called the cops and searched his belongings. \"We recovered many Indian Cobras kept in bamboo baskets in the cloth bales. The boy informed that his elders were out in the town. We laid a trap and waited for them to return. In all nine snake charmers were arrested one after other,\" said RFO, Chandrapur range, DS Rautkar.The rounding up operation lasted till late in the night. In all 12 Indian Cobras were recovered from their possession. All of them were arrested and case has been registered under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, for illegal possession of a wild animal. Cobras are protected under Schedule II of the Act.Accused have been identified as Kanhaiyyanath Bihal, Kalidas Pawar, Ashwan Bihal, Vinodnath Bihal, Mohannath Bihal and Rajnath Brahman. Three other accused are juveniles. All of them belong to Handiya in Harda district of Madhya Pradesh. They claimed of catching the Cobras from local jungles. The adult accused were produced before the court and sent to magisterial custody, while juveniles were sent to remand home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15028707", "title": "Vice-presidential poll: Hamid Ansari files nomination papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA's vice-presidential candidate Hamid Ansari filed his nomination papers here on Wednesday for the August 7 poll in the presence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress President Sonia Gandhi and leaders of the ruling coalition.75-year-old Ansari, who is set to become the second person to get two consecutive terms as Vice-President, filed his nomination papers before Lok Sabha secretary general T K Vishwanathan, who is the returning officer for the poll.Sonia Gandhi, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , Congress MP Motilal Vora and BSP leader Satish Chandra Mishra submitted one set of papers each to Vishwanathan in support of Ansari's candidature. Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and leaders of other ruling coalition were also present.Soon after filing his nomination papers, Ansari thanked UPA and its partners for supporting his candidature. \"I am very grateful to all the leaders who have come here to attend this function, for supporting my nomination and for sponsoring me,\" he told reporters.He was greeted by MPs from Congress and UPA partners. No TMC MP was present when Ansari filed his papers.The Prime Minister said, \"We are all very delighted that there is such a massive support for renomination of Hamid Ansari for the august office of Vice-President.\"Ansari was received by the Prime Minister, the Congress president and other leaders in the lobby of Parliament since he holds the office of Vice-President and they accompanied him to the Lok Sabha Secretary General's office.Besides NCP chief Sharad Pawar, Union minister and party leader Praful Patel was present when Ansari filed his nomination papers. NCP had not attended the UPA meeting in which Ansari's candidature was announced.RLD chief Ajit Singh , National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah, home minister P Chidambaram, defence minister A K Antony, RJD leader Lalu Prasad, DMK's T R Baalu, AIUDF leader Badruddin Ajmal, Bodo People's Front MP S K Bwiswmuthiary were among those present.Ansari will face a direct contest from NDA nominee Jaswant Singh in the vice-presidential poll. Singh will file his papers on July 20, the last date for filing nominations.Numbers are stacked highly in favour of Ansari and the ruling coalition has expressed confidence it would corner around 500 of the total 790 votes in the electoral college comprising members of the two Houses.Trinamool Congress , which has decided to vote for UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential poll, has said the party will decide later its stand on the vice-presidential election.Ansari will be the second leader to get two consecutive terms as Vice-President. S Radhakrishnan had served as Vice-President from 1952 to 1962.A diplomat and an academician, Ansari became Vice-President in 2007 after defeating NDA nominee Najma Heptullah. He has earlier served as India's permanent representative to the UN, high commissioner to Australia, and ambassador to the UAE , Iran, Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia .A Padma Shri awardee, he was also vice-chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University and chairperson of National Commission for Minorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15024264", "title": "Moneylender killed, buried", "text": "AKOLA: A woman moneylender was murdered, cut into six pieces and buried in the house of the borrower in Bhimjyoti Nagar, Chikhli, in Buldhana district. The incident came into light on Monday.Police said that the deceased Nanda Gawai (35) gone to the house of borrower couple Yuvraj and Vimal Jadhav on July 8 and demanded the loan money back with interest. Since that day she did not return home. Hence, her husband Digambar filed a missing report with police.Meanwhile, police got a tip-off about Nanda's death and raided Jadhavs' house on Monday. On interrogation, Yuvraj confessed to the crime and showed the place where Nanda's body parts were buried. The body parts were exhumed and were found in highly decomposed state. Police have arrested Yuvraj and his wife Vimal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024217", "title": "Above 5k lawyers stand behind Jaiswal, cripple court work", "text": "NAGPUR: The functioning of Nagpur District and Sessions Court came to a grinding halt on Tuesday as nearly 5,400 lawyers associated with District Bar Association (DBA) called for strike in support of their president of Sudeep Jaiswal.Jaiswal told TOI that probably on Wednesday, they would be heading a delegation of 20 lawyers under additional solicitor general of India SK Mishra to commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay with a list of their demands. Among them was to withdraw all charges filed against about 80 lawyers who were accused of obstructing the traffic with their 'Rasta Roko' protest against cops on duty. Another demand is to penalize and punish the constable who had allegedly used abusing language against the female lawyer. Only emergency cases were heard on the day after lawyers declared their full support.Jaiswal was booked by Sadar police for allegedly slapping an on-duty police constable Prakash Parate in full public glare. The female lawyer whom the cop had abused called Jaiswal for help. After learning that Parate misbehaved with her, he ended up hitting the constable twice. He was also booked for allegedly assaulting the Methodist school principal Michael Samuel Morde.He filed a bail application which was heard on Monday and was granted a pre-arrest bail till July 19 for Rs4000. There were watertight security arrangements made to arrest him on the day of hearing but he hoodwinked the police and managed to get his bail.Some lawyers from DBA itself flayed Jaiswal's antics and told TOI that earlier also he was involved in such misbehaviors, even inside the courtrooms, and was reprimanded several times by judges. Social activist Nitesh Sehata alleged that there were already three offences registered against Jaiswal.Jaiswal's act of slapping a cop on duty and thrashing a school principal have raised question mark on the conduct of entire lawyers' fraternity. Quite shockingly, the lawyers' fraternity, at least in the Nagpur District and Sessions Court premises, has declared their full support to Jaiswal's unlawful activities, some lawyers who were not from Jaiswal's camp said. However, High Court Bar Association (HCBA) had categorically declined to support the strike call given by DBA in support of Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023000", "title": "Visa norms eased for US visitors", "text": "MUMBAI: The US embassy has eased visa application norms for Indians wishing to visit the US.In a move aimed to provide relief to Indians wishing to travel to the US for business and leisure, the US embassy has eased visa application norms.According to the new rules, children under seven do not have to appear for a non-immigrant visa interview after their visa forms are submitted. While re-applying for visas, people will not have to pay visa again if their previous requests had been kept on hold or shown pendingfor various reasons under section 221g of US visa rules. With the consulate opening almost 42 windows, the waiting time for visa interviews has also been reduced to an hour, instead of the earlier three hours.The consulate has upgraded their emergency appointment module under which applicants will receive an automated email, notifying them the status of their requests. The consulate shared the information at an interactive session with travel agents. tnn, some whom were also members of Visit-USA committee at the consulate office in the BKC.The session was held to explain the relaxed visa norms to travel agents and who in turn, can facilitate legitimate travel for their clients.Though they welcomed the initiative, many travel agents still had doubts about many of the norms. They pointed out instances visas being denied to parents of only children staying in the US.At times, students were denied visa for further studies though he had earlier visited the country as a tourist. Some said there was resentment among travellers due to the interview sessions which tend to be a bit personal.Allaying their fears, US consular officials said they were stray cases. \"It depends on how the applicants convince visa officers about the genuineness of their visits,\" a consular officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024309", "title": "Citizens to bring the change they want", "text": "BANGALORE: No more waiting for authorities to set things right. Citizens have decided to take up the fight against unplanned development of their city themselves.Civic groups and resident welfare associations on Tuesday decided to come together to impact people's lives, traffic and environment. About 10 groups joined to form Bangalore Transportation Projects Impacted Communities (BATPIC) Network which will take on the government bodies and agencies, which plan projects without realizing the larger impact on communities and environment.Leo Saldhana, who is spearheading the network, slammed the urban development department, BDA, BBMP and Directorate of Urban Land Transport (Dult) for not having planned projects like road widening after public consultation.\"This dismal democratic deficit exists despite the fact that statutes such as Karnataka Town and Country Planning Act, Karnataka Municipal Corporation Act, Bangalore Development Authority Act, Constitutional 74th Amendment (Nagarpalika) Act, Karnataka Preservation of Trees Act, Karnataka Parks and Open Spaces Act, and several more, mandate that agencies must consult people in decisions that affect their lives, livelihoods and their futures,\" he said.He pointed out that civic agencies are so pressed to carry on with what they think is right that they made transfer of development rights (TDR) mandatory, while it is not. \"Even the first person who accepted the TDR has not received his certificate. He has been waiting since 2006,\" stated an official release of BAPTIC Network. The civic agencies had completely ignored the Right to Life and Livelihoods of the Indian Constitution, it said.Residents' Welfare Association members also said progressive development should happen but not by destructing livelihoods. \"Our approach to inclusive growth of the city should be by including the voices of people who have intelligent thinking to solve issues like traffic and congestion, rather than just widening roads. Also the public transport share should be increased to 50%,\" said Muralidhar Rao, founding member, Praja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "deoghar", "code": "15023862", "title": "\u2018Shighra darshanam\u2019 fails to draw devotees", "text": "DEOGHAR: \"Shighra Darshanam\", the unique system of crowd management at the Baidyanathdham temple, has failed to evoke much response from the kanwariyas. This system was launched last year under which a kanwariya is charged Rs500 to visit the sanctum of the temple through a special footbridge which allows him/her to offer prayers quickly.However, few kanwariyas are interested in \"Shighra Darshanam\". Panda Dharma Rakchhini Sabha (PDRS), the principal body of the priests at the shrine, general secretary Durlav Mishra alias Kaliya Panda said only 12,000 kanwariyas have visited the sanctum through \"Shighra Darshanam\" in last 14 days while a total of 39,000 kanwariyas had visited the sanctum though this system in 2011.The Baidyanathdham Temple Management Board had decided to construct the footbridge few years back to ease the crowd pressure. Built at a cost of Rs40 lakh, the bridge is 500-meter-long and it has a separate entrance. \"Shighra Darshanam\" is not allowed on Mondays. The footbridge looks like a cage and once a kanwariya enters it, getting out of it is extremely difficult due to its design. The bridge is suffocating. It is better to stand outside, said some kanwariyas.Even some rich dak bums, who availed \"Shighra Darshanam\" on Tuesday, looked unhappy. Mathura Prasad, a dak bum from UP, said: \"It was not \"Shighra Darshanam\". I had to wait for six hours to get into the sanctum of the temple.\"\"We walk for seven-eight days to trek 105km from Sultanganj. But there is no guarantee that you will be able to enter the sanctum even after you pay the charge for 'Sighra Darshanam'. I am happy waiting in the queue outside,\" Mahavir Singh, a native of Buxar, said. Several women kanwariyas also said they are afraid to use the \"suffocating\" footbridge. Magistrate-cum-temple in charge Mitilesh Kumar Jha, however, claimed, the system has been successful.\"Those who feel sick or uneasy standing in long queues outside come to the footbridge. It takes much less time than what the line outside takes,\" Jha said.Kaliya Panda also held similar views. \"No system is available to offer prayers inside the sanctum without hassles and difficulties. Kanwariyas should be ready to face hardships,\" he said.Kanwariyas can be seen queuing up in the six-seven km queue everyday (on Mondays, the queue becomes nearly 15-km-long), but still they do not go for \"Shighra Darshanam\". \"Shighra Darshanam\" facility is also available at the Baba Basukinath temple in Dumka district where most of the kanwariyas go after offering prayers at the Baidyanathdham temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15025073", "title": "Three held for double murder of boys in Patiala", "text": "PATIALA: More than three years after the recovery of two bodies of young boys from Sirhind road, police claimed to have solved the double murder by arresting three friends of the deceased.Patiala SSP Gurpreet Gill said, since the deceased were wanted in theft case and were declared proclaimed offenders also by their families, thought they have gone underground and did not lodge any missing complaint with police.As per details on May 22, 2009, the Patiala police recovered two bodies of youngsters from Sirhind road and initially took it as deaths in accident. But during the postmortem of bodies, it came to light that both were murdered with sharp-edged weapons. Police registered a case under Section 302 IPC against unknown persons.\"Till some days back we were in dark about the identity of deceased and accused as later have stolen all identity proofs from the bodies. Both were murdered by their friends. Our officers have solved the case after getting some secret information,\" said Patiala SSP Gurpreet Gill.During police investigations it has come to light that deceased Subhash Kumar and Happy were from Jalandhar. Both along with their another friend Ajay were wanted in a theft case.On the night of May 21, 2009 all three with another friend along Gurpreet Singh had come to tanother friend's house Salim in Patiala. But during night, when they were standing in a liquor shop, Ajay tried to convince both deceased to surrender before police, but both threatened Ajay to kill him if he surrendered.\"When both threatened , Ajay along with Gurprit and Salim attacked Subhash and Happy with sharp-edged weapons and murdered them. They threw their bodies on road to misguide police, \"said SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025491", "title": "Yogesh Raut's escape: Cop files discharge plea", "text": "PUNE: Ten months after Yogesh Raut, one of the main suspects in the Nayana Pujari rape and murder case, escaped from police custody, the policeman arrested for facilitating his escape has filed a discharge plea.The plea of dismissed police naik Sumersingh Sursingh Patil (48) will come up for hearing before judicial magistrate first class Rohidas Wankhade on ThursdayThe plea, filed by lawyers Raman Agarwal and Rajesh Kavediya said that the investigating officer had failed to obtain the mandatory sanction to prosecute Patil under section 197 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Quoting section 224 (escaping from lawful custody) and 225 (a) (resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension of another person) of the Indian Penal Code, the lawyers state that the police had wrongly applied the sections against Patil.According to the plea, the chargesheet was not filed within six months as per section 161 (prosecution should not be entertained or dismissed by the court) of the Bombay Police Act. Raut had escaped from the hospital when he was brought for a medical check-up on September 17, 2011, while the chargesheet was filed on March 19, 2012.When TOI sought the comments of senior police inspector Ukaji Sonawane on Monday, he claimed that he had obtained permission to prosecute Patil from the competent authority. He also denied allegations that he had failed to file the chargesheet within the time limit.Deputy commissioner of police (headquarters) Shirish Sardeshpande told TOI that Patil was dismissed last week as a departmental inquiry had found him negiligent when Raut had escaped from his custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024177", "title": "Kolkata role in CERN test not highlighted enough: Scientists", "text": "KOLKATA: Scientists at Kolkata's Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP) and Variable Energy Cyclotrone Centre (VECC) played a bigger role in the successful CERN experiment than the city has been given to understand. They had a contribution in setting up two major detectors at the LHC tunnel - the Compact Muon Solanoid (CMS) and the Alice, said city scientists on Tuesday. While an SINP team aided the CMS detector from Kolkata, the premier institute's contribution to Alice was largely overlooked, the scientists said.\"More than 30 scientists from SINP and VECC were in charge of a Photon Multiplicity Detector (PMD) and a muon arm that analyzed the properties of particles generated after the bang. Both PMD and the muon arm have been substantially improved by our scientists and they played a significant role in the historic experiment. We are not complaining, but it would have been more fitting if the Alice part was also highlighted,\" said Bikash Sinha, former director of SINP who took the initiative to get SINP involved in the experiment. Sinha along with scientists Sukalyan Chattopadhyay, Avi Dutta Majumdar, Palash Baran Pal and Sunando Banerjee spoke at a seminar titled 'Higgs boson, LHC and the Universe' at the Presidency University on Tuesday.Even as the city celebrated the possible discovery of the God particle two weeks back, few talked about the Multiplex Analog Signal Processor (MANAS) chip, conceived and created by Swapan Sen and Sandeep Sarkar of SINP, Sinha said. \"The chip played a vital role in providing clues about the immediate aftermath of the simulated Big Bang. It helped scientists unravel the mystery behind the origin of matter and mass. It was remarkable because it was conceived here in Kolkata for an experiment that happened thousands of miles away on the France-Switzerland border,\" he explained.Within micro-seconds of the high-energy proton beams striking each other, MANAS chips recorded the exact time, location and duration of each collision. It will measured the charge generated at each collision point and converted them into voltage to measure the charge. MANAS records the time, positional coordinates of the collisions and the quantum of energy produced. These are vital information that aided the experiment and were stored in the chip. Scientists later accessed the data and analyzed them to arrive at conclusions.Each of the 80,000 chips used were mounted on muon detectors - that have been designed at SINP as well. Each MANAS has 16 channels and can store a huge volume of data.The two-member team has been working on the chip for 11 years, the first prototype of which was developed in 1997.\"The CERN experiment was a long affair and had almost the entire world involved. Each step was important and each little gadget contributed significantly. While 2,300 scientists started working on the experiment when it bgan in the late Nineties, the number had swelled to more than 3000 when Higgs-boson was finally discovered this month,\" said Sunando Banerjee, who heads the five-member SINP research team that worked on the CMS detector.Veteran Sinha recounted how he had ventured to take part in the big-bang experiment way back in 1989, when it was being conceived. \"We shipped detectors and started coordinating with them. There was a sense of adventure and a thrill that drives any science experiment. The feeling was shared the world over which helped to make the experiment successful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15025575", "title": "Jaggi suspended for misusing power", "text": "LUDHIANA: c. Senior IAS officer Anurag Verma has reportedly been appointed the new commissioner.Acting on the report of ADGP (intelligence), Punjab, the government placed Jaggi's services under suspension with immediate effect for the alleged misuse of his official position.A government spokesperson said the chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had given his nod for the suspension of the erring officer.Commissioner of Ludhiana municipal corporation M S Jaggi was suspended after an inquiry over reports that he had ordered the demolition of a vegetable vend in Dandi Swami following the complaint by his wife that vendor had not attended to her properly.Jaggi's wife had reportedly gone to purchase vegetables from a vendor she usually went to. In his absence, another attendant who hadn't recognized her allegedly did not attend to her properly, facing her ire. She allegedly left in anger, telling the vendor that she would 'teach him a lesson'. After some time, MC's demolition squad reached the market and demolished the vend.The incident of sheer misuse of power was brought to the CM's notice, following which a probe was conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024389", "title": "First raped, then humiliated", "text": "CHENNAI: There seems to be no end to the troubles of trainee nurse Nisha (name changed). The 19-year-old, who was raped by two ayurvedic doctors in Anna Nagar on July 8, has been made to run from pillar to post for a medical examination at the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital.It took the Tirumangalam police five days to file an FIR after she approached them. After the accused, Aajil Kumar and Shreejith, were booked on rape charges, she was taken to two courts \u2014 first to the judicial magistrate court in Ambattur where the magistrate was on leave, and then to the judicial magistrate court in Poonamallee which ordered a medical examination on Monday.The girl managed to reach the hospital at 4.30pm but was turned away by forensic experts who said they worked only between 10 am and 4 pm. After a day's wait, she completed the legal formalities on Tuesday and reached the hospital at 1pm. Doctors performed an examination and asked her to return on Wednesday for further tests.\"I am scared now. I have already undergone a nightmarish experience that few ever face. But now the amount of pressure I am undergoing is too much,\" said Nisha. \"Some snap at me while others gawk at me seeing many persons accompanying me,\" she said.Her lawyer M Sridhar said the procedural delay was worrying the girl more than the incident. \"Already the first five days, which are considered an ideal period for such tests, have been spent in the police station. Everyone is reluctant to treat rape as a crime of first priority,\" he said.When contacted, Dr Ramakrishnan, KMCH dean, said, \"the delay could have occurred as there is only one qualified person for the entire procedure. He has to look after both academic and organization activities.\"Doctors said the woman was referred to the gynaecology section where further tests would be conducted and a report submitted.\"Few victims come forward to report such crime due to the stigma and other people's attitude towards them. It's time we started treating rape as a heinous crime, and put in place serious deterrents,\" said social activist Nirmala Ramachandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15024536", "title": "Blood samples to be sent to forensic lab", "text": "GONDIA: In view of the contradictions regarding cause of death of two students of Makardhokda Ashram School in Deori Tehsil, tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute is reported to have directed the authorities concerned to send to the forensic lab the blood samples of all six students, including the two who died, who had fallen sick on Thursday. This information was given by MLA of Deori assembly constituency Ramratan Raut, while speaking to TOI on Tuesday.Six students of the aided Ramkrishna Adivasi Ashram High of Makardhokda in Deori Tehsil had fallen sick in the early hours of July 12. Two students died and four were admitted to Bajaj Narsingh Home of Gondia. They have now recovered and gone to their respective homes. There is wrath among tribals of this region over the incident and they are demanding cancellation of the permission of this school and police action against the secretary of the institution Zamsingh Yerne, the head master T N Hukare and warden M M Bharaskar. In the meantime, offence has been registered against these persons by Deori police under section 304(A) of the IPC.The parents of deceased student Tomesh Ghatmurra have lodged a police complaint against the management, alleging that their son died due to negligence of the management. Another survivor Nutan Tumredi has alleged that there was severe pain in his stomach around midnight and so he was taken to the rural hospital Deori by warden Bharaskar. Other students have also given such statements and therefore the minister has given such orders in the assembly on Friday, said MLA Raut.Civil surgeon of Gondia Dr Ravi Dhakate and assistant tribal development commissioner of Nagpur Pallavi Darade visited the Bajaj Narsingh home and school. She is reported to have recommended compensation of Rs70,000 to these students.Darade further said that she did not have powers to suspend the permission of the school. So she has been directed to submit a detailed report about the incident. The HM and the warden have already been suspended and further action shall be taken after receipt of forensic report from Nashik. MLA Raut further said that this was not solitary case like this but the political leaders have made these Ashram Schools as source of their income and as such he was pressing for separate act for good governance of the Ashram Schools in the state ,he reiterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15025411", "title": "Oommen Chandy comes under fire at UDF meet", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A UDF meeting held here on Tuesday criticized Oommen Chandy and several of his ministers for taking \"unilateral\" decisions without consulting the ruling front.Following the criticism, it has been learnt that Chandy had agreed to put on hold the cabinet's decisions on Conservation of Paddy Land and Wet Land Act, and starting more unaided schools in Malabar region.UDF leaders, including KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala , trained guns at the Chandy government. The government's decision to amend the Conservation of Paddy Land and Wet Land Act came under severe criticism. The meeting later decided that a sub-committee formed by the front would visit Nelliyambathi and study the complaints raised against estates, which had reportedly acted in contravention to the lease agreement. The panel would also look into the problems workers have been facing due to the closure of certain estates.The committee headed by M M Hassan has been asked to submit its report within a month. The UDF would study the report before the government taking a final decision on amending the act. Sources said Chandy, who was also present in the meeting, admitted that the decision on amending such a crucial act should have been taken after a detailed discussion. It has been learnt that Chandy had agreed to put on hold the decision to amend the act.Similarly, the education minister's decision to allot more unaided schools in the Malabar region, especially in Malappuram, also came under attack. The KPCC president blamed the UDF constituents for taking decision on their own. The UDF would have to take the blame for implementing such decisions, Chennithala pointed out.Following the resentment, the meeting decided to reconsider the decision to begin more unaided schools in the state. Until further discussion, the decision to begin new schools would be kept in abeyance.The meeting also discussed the verbal duel between P C George and K B Ganesh Kumar. The UDF leaders urged them to avoid public statements. This was the second consecutive day on which crucial decisions of the Chandy government had been questioned. On Monday, at the coordination committee meeting of the KPCC, Chennithala, V M Sudheeran and K Muraleedharan had criticised the chief minister for taking many decision without consulting with the party. The leaders complained that they came to know of several crucial decisions from the media. The suggestions or complaints of the party leaders were not being considered by many of the ministers, they said.The decision to form a core committee to bridge the gap between the party and the government could not be taken on Tuesday's meeting since all the leaders were highly critical against the style of functioning of Chandy. The coordination committee would meet on Wednesday to find out a consensus approach between the party and the government.The decision making on several crucial issues by the Oommen Chandy led government was questioned at the UDF meeting held here on Tuesday.Leaders including the KPCC president criticised several ministers for taking unilateral decisions without even consulting with the leaders of the front. The UDF meeting witnessed severe criticism over the government decision to amend the Conservation of Paddy Land and Wet Land Act.The UDF later decided that the sub committee formed by the front will visit Nelliyambathi and study into the complaints raised against the estates defaulting the lease agreement and also about the problems faced by the workers due to the closure of certain estates.The committee headed by M.M.Hassan has been asked to submit the report within a month. Only after the discussion in the UDF after the submission of this report that the government would take a final decision on amending the act.Sources said that the chief minister who was also present in the meeting himself admitted that the decision on amending such a crucial would have been taken after a detailed discussion. It is learnt that Chandy too has agreed to put on hold on the decision to amend the act.Similarly the decision by the education minister to go for more unaided schools in the Malabar region especially in Mallapuram also came in for severe criticism in the UDF meeting. The KPCC president blamed the constituents for taking decision on their own and later the UDF as a whole taking the blame for implementing it.Following the wide spread resentment in the meeting it was later decided to reconsider the decision to begin more unaided schools in the state. Until further discussion the decision to begin new schools both in the aided and unaided sector will be kept in abeyance, sources said.The fight between P.C.George and K.B.Gabnesh Kumar was also discussed in the meeting. The UDF leaders urged both of them not to come out with any public statements on the issue again.This is the second consecutive day that the crucial decision of the Oommen Chandy government has been questioned. On Monday at the coordination committee meeting of the KPCC, Ramesh Chennithala, V.M.Sudheeran and K.Muraleedharan had criticised the chief minister for taking many decision without consulting with the party.The leaders had opined that many of the crucial decision taken by the government are being read from the media. The suggestions or complaints of the party leaders are not being considered by many of the ministers.The decision to form a core committee to bridge the gap between the party and the government could not be taken in this meeting since all the leaders were highly critical against the style of functioning of Chandy.Now this coordination committee is again meeting on Wednesday to find out a consensus approach between the party and the government .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023716", "title": "Societies harness rain power as BMC flounders", "text": "Mumbai: Several peculiar ideas have been thrown up in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to give the city round-the-year, round-the-clock water, including cloud seeding. But several housing societies have not waited for these plans to materialise, instead helping themselves by opting for rainwater harvesting.Municipal bosses have often travelled abroad for \"study tours\" to learn ways to deliver the city from its not infrequent water crises. Their recommendations have been as diverse as desalination, cloud seeding and water recycling. Realistic citizens, however, have taken steps of their own. Two societies that TOI visited-Raheja Vihar Rainbow society in Powai and Avanti Niketan CHS, Sion-chose rainwater harvesting to circumvent recurring water shortages. Residents of Avanti Niketan made the key decision in 2007. \"We needed an eco-friendly way to solve our problem and rainwater harvesting was the ideal solution for us,\" said Gaurang Damani, a social activist and a committee member. \"We did not have technical knowledge of how to set up the system but somehow we managed to gather the information from the internet and put it up.\"The residents used their open terrace, which is roughly 500 sq m in size, as a catchment area. The rainwater that falls on the terrace is channelled through pipes into a storage tank at the base of the building after basic filtration. This water is pumped back to a separate tank on the terrace, which is connected to all the toilets in the building. The society spent a little more than Rs 1 lakh on the project; but the money, they say, was well spent. \"The water from our rainwater harvesting system is used for all secondary purposes like gardening, washing cars and the building premises as well as in our toilets,\" said Lyomesh Takwani, another committee member. Residents of Powai's Raheja Vihar Rainbow say water tankers have not been called to their society in years. The society installed two rainwater harvesting systems, one of which gathers water from the society's 12,000 sq ft terrace while the second collects rainwater falling on the lawn.Rainwater from the terrace is collected in a 15,000-litre tank beneath the car park through special pipes. The water from the tank flows into a filtration system consisting of a layer each of fine sand, activated charcoal and gravel. This water is then let into the well where it is stored.\"Before we installed the system, there was a water shortage. The society used to spend about Rs 4 lakh on water tankers. No more. The society has not had a tanker come in since the last five years,\" said A K Mukherjee, a retired engineer and a resident of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "15023882", "title": "Malegaon's new civic headquarters to be named after national hero", "text": "Malegaon: The newly elected 80-member house of the Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC) in its first meeting held on Monday afternoon unanimously decided to name the new MMC building after renowned national freedom fighter Maulana Abul Kalam Azad.The decision over this nomenclature to name the corporation building after Maulana Azad is significant as it also received support from Shiv Sena councillors. A similar move to name a tower after historical figure Tiou Sultan had created a stir decades ago, following which work on the tower had to be halted and has not restarted till date. As naming a tower after freedom fighter Tipu Sultan decades ago had created a stir.Consequently, construction work of the tower was stopped and has not been restarted till date.The move to name the tower after the national leader, was part of the Congress' election manifesto. Congress party, which holds a majority in the house, along has its mayor and a majority in the house with its alliance partner Teesra Mahaz, had promised in its election manifesto to commemorate Azad's contribution the contribution of Maulana Abul kalam Azad as as freedom fighter and first union Education Minister by naming the corporation building after him.\"We have fulfilled one of the promises we had made in our manifesto. We are committed to what we had promised and you will see more results in the coming days\", said mayor Tahira Shaikh. who was presideding over the general body meeting said while talking to the TOI.The MMC plans to take possession of the new building by December. 1 later in the year so that it can inaugurate it on December 17, the day Malegaon civic body was upgraded to a corporation in 2001.The building under construction for the last one year, which reportedly cost is estimatedly worth would cost Rs 4.96crore,00,000 (four crore ninety-six lakh rupees) has a built-up area of 42,000 sq ft. according to City Engineer Kailash Bachav.The GBM also passed an approval to meeting also approved to hand 20,000 sq ft of corporation land to the Maharashtra State Urdu Sahitya Academy for the construction of Urdu GharOn June 19, 2010, the house had approved construction of Urdu Ghar on a corporation land in survey no. 205. The land was however rejected by the state government because of insufficient area.The GBM oversaw the nomination of its 16-member standing committee and 9-member Mahila Bal Kalyan Samiti, and decided to give the MMC control of the Satana Road Gramin Hospital. The house approved the construction of a women's hospital at the location site.New MMC Building at a glanceCost: Rs. 4.96 croreBuilt-up area: 42,000 sq.ft.Total floors: Stilt Parking + 4Fully Air-conditioned with Wi-Fi connectivityAuditorium with a capacity of 130+ seatsFully computerized Citizen Facility Centre (CFC)Photo Caption: The 3d-model of the new MMC building", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15024919", "title": "Rakshitha to roll out BSR Congress units in coastal Karnataka", "text": "Mangalore: Actor Rakshitha, who hails from Kundapur, has vowed to build BSR Congress Party founded by former minister B Sriramulu in the coastal districts.Rakshitha told mediapersons here on Tuesday that her party would never use caste or religion during its campaign to promote the party in the region. \"I belong to this region and people here know me. My father hails from Rama Kshatriya community and my husband is from Gowda community. Hence, I can say that I am a true secular leader. We will never seek votes on the basis of caste or religion. Our party founder Sriramulu too does not believe in caste politics,\" she said adding that the goal of the party is to build a base in the state especially in coastal districts, which is strong bastion for BJP and Congress.She said that the party would hold booth-level membership campaigns in undivided Dakshina Kannada district and in other coastal regions, a strong base of BJP and Congress. \"The party had launched several people's movements for the welfare of the poor in north Karnataka. We will study the problems of people here and fight for them too. People will stand with us,\" she added. On illegal mining scam, the actor said, \"I just do not want to comment on that issue, but still I would like to say that nothing is above the law. Law will take its own course.\"She said that the party would hold 'Swabhimani Sankalpa Yatre', a campaign rally from Karwar to Ramnagar. The eight-day rally will cover 1,300 km to meet people in coastal Karnataka, Malnad and Bayaluseeme. The rally, to be led by Sriramulu, will start from Karwar on July 29 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024951", "title": "Indus University innovation centre to get German funding", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indus University's innovation centre is likely to attract funding from information technology (IT) companies in Germany. Ahmedabad-based Electrotherm set up the Indus Centre for Innovation a few days ago. The centre expects fund between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 50 lakh from German and Indian IT and engineering companies.Nagesh Bhandari, promoter and trustee of the university, said, \"During a recent meeting of the German Indian Business Center (GIBC) in Ahmedabad, German companies made a proposal of funding our innovation centre. These companies have expressed interest in supporting new ideas and helping in commercializing them.\"Indus will provide space for the innovation centre at its upcoming university for architecture. The centre will select innovative ideas of centre, build them into commercial proposals, finance them, conclude them into commercial products and place them in the market. The centre will incubate IT and engineering innovations from any student within and outside Indus University.\"Wolfgang Holtgen, director of GIBC from Germany, had also mentioned in the meeting that German companies are keen to work with such a centre to promote entrepreneurial ideas helpful to the society. The centre will connect the government, academia and the industry,\" said Jagat Shah, Gujarat associate of GIBC.Formerly known as Indus Institute of Technology and Engineering, the institute got a university status last month. Ahmedabad has several centres of innovation including the Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship by IIM-Ahmedabad, iCreate by the Gujarat government, a design innovation centre by NID, a comcubation centre by Mudra Institute of Communications-Ahmedabad among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024486", "title": "Food Safety and Standards Authority of India to reward customers on info over wrong claims of manufacturers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Any information regarding misleading or extravagant claims about a food product may earn you a reward of Rs 500. The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has come up with this idea to bring about awareness among the customers and to keep a check on violations in manufacturing of packaged food products.Under the provision of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, informants about violations by food manufacturers can be rewarded but it is only now that the FSSAI has decided to get the public into the picture - to seek information from them and reward them.\"As it is there is a lot of awareness among people about the product they buy. If one is alert and reads the details on the product packaging which could be misleading, the same can be intimated,\" A Sudhakar Rao, joint food controller, Institute of Preventive Medicine (IPM) said.In fact, food safety authorities in the state have already started to record, take photographs or make note of advertisement relating to food products to verify their claims.The public have been asked to attach the audio or visual publicity material of the concerned food product manufacturer and the same may be produced before the FSSAI authorities to claim the reward. representation or pronouncement made by means of any light, sound, smoke, gas, print, electronic media, internet, notice, circular, label, wrapper, invoice or other documents'.Once the unfair trade practice is recorded, the FSSAI will take action under section 24 of the FSS Act, 2006 against the manufacturer. Specifications pertaining to labelling of a product have been defined in the Act.It may be mentioned here that the FSSAI has been particularly concerned about the wrong nutritional claims, health claims and claims of risk reduction of products. Manufacturers will have to necessarily rely on reliable research data to make claims about their products. Claims cannot even be made in general terms. For those interested in playing policemen and informing the FSSAI about wrong claims being made by manufacturers, the authority will also keep the identity of the informants secret.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024145", "title": "Suspected SIMI activist arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: Officers of Kolkata Police's special task force on Tuesday rounded up a suspected activist of outlawed Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), believed to be active behind the Islamic terrorism in India and having close links with terror outfit Indian Mujahideen. The suspected SIMI member, identified as Harun Rashid, was arrested from his rented accommodation at Lidi Para in Garden Reach. in the port area of the city.Special Task Force officers claimed that he is an active member of Safdar Nagori group of the outfit and attended several organisational meetings in the state and the country. Police booked him in connection with a fake Indian currency note case registered at Watgunge police station on June 19 under sections 120B, 489B, 489C of Indian Penal Code.Police claimed that he was a close associate of hard-core SIMI activist Abu Faisal Khan, who was arrested in 2011 by Madhya Pradesh Anti-Terror Squad. Earlier, Mumbai Police had claimed that Faisal Khan is a key member of Indian Mujahideen and plotted several sabotage. In 2006, Khan jumped bail and remained absconding till his rearrest from MP.STF sources said Rashid was in touch with Khan between 2008 and 2011 and helped senior SIMI leaders to hold meetings in Bengal. Police suspect that Rashid is one of the key persons of the sleeper cells in the state, who provide logistic support and shelter to the Mujahideens. He will be produced before the Alipore court on Wednesday, said Joint CP (STF) Rajeev Mishra. tnnSTF sources said that Rashid's name cropped up long before, but he was not found at his Garden Reach residence. Rashid was earlier picked up by STF and released after interrogation. After keeping a regular tab on his movements, police claimed that they have got specific evidence about his links with terror outfits and banned SIMI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15025752", "title": "Rajasthan seeks Central policy", "text": "JAIPUR: In the wake of growing public concern over mobile tower radiation, the Rajasthan government has requested the Centre to formulate a policy on cell phone towers. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has asked the central government for a team of experts to study the effects of these radiations.To allay residents' fear, the government has also decided to test mobile towers in various localities and make the results public. Results released in May showed that the radiations were within the permissible limit, and therefore, not harmful. The tests, conducted with the help of the telecommunications department (DoT), couldn't establish any relation between cellphone tower radiations and people's health. After testing 509 towers in Jaipur and 1,086 towers in the state, the government declared that in 90% cases radiations were \"much lower\" than the permissible limit.However, the Kasliwal brothers of C-scheme in Jaipur, both diagnosed with cancer, blame the three mobile towers in the neighbourhood for their illness. Diagnosed with brain cancer in 2011, Pramod Kasliwal (53) underwent a surgery in New York but had a relapse within six months. Sanjay Kasliwal (56), his elder brother, who was also treated for the same condition, is keeping his fingers crossed. The brothers say their dog Lalu also died due to brain tumour. The towers caught the attention of the brothers \u2014 who have no family history of cancer \u2014 after an oncologist's query about radiation exposure. \"We learnt about the repercussions of proximity to cell tower radiation too late but we are trying to get the authorities to act,\" said Sanjay.At a seminar on such health risks last month, principal secretary for urban development and housing, GS Sandhu, underlined there could be many reasons for cancer even if people were residing close to mobile towers. Putting the onus on the Centre, Sindhu said, \"It should formulate a policy on mobile towers and send it to us.\" The joint statement of DoT, Delhi, and the general telecom enforcement resource monitoring cell, Rajasthan, made it clear that these radiations were not harmful for humans.Cellular operators have come together to fight a campaign which they term is \"uncalled for\" . \"We follow all licence conditions. Radiation levels are fully compliant to these guidelines. We conduct regular checks which are audited by DoT,\" said Sudipto Chaudhary, CEO, Airtel, Rajasthan circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14320006", "title": "Top 10 Rajesh Khanna Songs", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023989", "title": "New norms on anvil to make groundwater public property", "text": "NEW DELHI: Groundwater, a precious natural resource, is for all practical purposes a private property in India. Anyone can bore and extract water from the land he owns with few rules to restrict over-exploitation.But all this could soon change. Plans are afoot to alter laws and regulations to make groundwater a common property resource to ensure better regulation by government as a public trustee with the involvement of communities in the management of underground aquifers. That would mean that nobody can withdraw water even from the land that he owns without a sanction from community-controlled authorities like panchayat.The move would radically rewrite management of groundwater in India - giving community rights over aquifers instead of restricting these to landowners who can simply drill and exploit the resource.To change groundwater management rules, the government aims to pass a framework law under Article 252 of the Constitution. This can be done with two states required to pass a similar law before the central initiative. The particular provision helps the Centre make a law that impinges on federal concerns but not override state governments' powers. Once approved by Parliament it makes it necessary for states to align their regulations in keeping with the principles of the central law.This, the government believes, would prevent the need to alter the constitutional position of 'water' as a state subject while penal provisions would be placed within states' powers.Radical changes emerging from the Planning Commission envision Panchayati Raj institutions will become the real-time custodians of the common resource and help regulate the use of aquifers in their domains. Such a practice is in vogue in some states like Andhra Pradesh, but the implementation of a framework law could ensure other states too devolve power and assume control.India is the largest user of groundwater in the world. Almost a third of groundwater aquifers are semi-critical, critical and over-exploited and some estimates suggest that at current rate of extraction 60% of the groundwater blocks could turn critical by 2025. Some 60% of irrigated agriculture and over 80% of the rural and urban water supply is now being met from groundwater.The unchecked depletion of aquifers has led to a public health crisis across the country, besides leaving agriculture precariously placed in several states.Bringing water into the concurrent list of the Constitution is seen within government circles as a politically difficult shot with concerns over federalism bound to play a spoiler. The framework law, the government hopes, will leave the powers of the state untouched.The government intends to substantially increase financial support to states to also ensure a clear demarcation of aquifers - a task that remains incomplete so far \u2014 and so allow communities to gain information of the volume under their control.The law would bring legislation in tune with Supreme Court rulings, including the Public Trust Doctrine, which can end the common law doctrine that has regulated groundwater use since the colonial era in India. The Indian Easements Act of 1882 and other regulations, including the various model bills legislated from time to time, still give landowners complete rights to draw as much water as they want without a liability or responsibility towards neighbouring landowners.The government intends to hold several rounds of consultations with states, including a meeting of the National Development Council, to ensure there is an early buy-in and worries are addressed.Times ViewA law that ensures that groundwater is treated as public and not private property is long overdue. Given that all other natural resources extracted from the ground, like oil, gas and other minerals are regarded as a national resource, it's an anomaly that water isn't treated similarly. After all, anyone sinking a borewell on his or her territory is not tapping into water only under his plot but from the common water table of that area. So, extraction of groundwater should be for the common good. Hopefully, the proposed law will also lead to some recharging of groundwater reserves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15025418", "title": "'HSBC exposed US, India to terror funding risk'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Global banking giant HSBC failed in preventing money laundering by drug cartels and terrorists not only in the US, but also other parts of the world, possibly including India, a Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations probe has found.Among others, HSBC was found to be doing business with Saudi Arabia's Al Rajhi Bank, whose key founder \"was an early financial benefactor of al-Qaida ,\" the US senate's probe team has said after a year-long probe into the bank affairs.The bank has also been accused of indulging in various questionable transactions with entities from countries like Mexico, Iran , North Korea , Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh , Syria , Cuba, Sudan, Burma, Cayman Islands, Japan and Russia . Specifically, the bank has been alleged to have provided US dollars and banking services to some banks in Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh despite links to terrorist financing.\"HSBC used its US bank as a gateway into the US financial system for some HSBC affiliates across world to provide US dollar services to clients while playing fast and loose with US banking rules,\" senator Carl Levin , the chairman of the subcommittee , said.According to the report, the Mexican affiliate of HSBC transported $7 billion in physical US dollars to HSBUS from 2007 to 2008, outstripping other Mexican banks, even one twice its size, raising red flags that the volume of dollars included proceeds from illegal drug sales in US.HSBC, with its headquarters in London, allowed affiliates in countries such as Mexico, Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh to move billions of dollars in suspect funds into the United States without adequate controls.According to the report running into 340 pages, HSBC in 2009 authorized its affiliate to supply Indian rupees to Saudi Arabia's Al Rajhi Bank, which, the report said, has links to financing terrorism . \"From 2007 to 2010, HBUS (HSBC-USA ) continued to supply, through its London branch, hundreds of millions of US dollars to Al Rajhi Bank in Saudi Arabia. In addition , at Al Rajhi Bank's request , HBUS expanded the relationship in January 2009, by authorizing its Hong Kong branch to supply Al Rajhi Bank with non-US currencies , including the Thai bat, Indian rupee, and Hong Kong dollar,\" the report said.However, no further details about the Indian rupees are available in the report.According to the report, in 2010 HSBC launched a new funds transfer product called 'HBL Fast Cash' , which was designed to allow the instant transfer of funds from Riyadh , Saudi Arabia, to any branch of the Habib Bank, largest bank in Pakistan.Bank apologizes to US lawmakers, regrets 'mistakes'Apologizing to the US lawmakers for its \"mistakes\" in tackling terror funding and money laundering related risks, global banking giant HSBC on Tuesday said it is committed to fixing the lapses with the bank's risk management system. \"With a new senior leadership team and a new strategy in place since last year, HSBC has already taken concrete steps to augment the framework to address these issues . We will apologize, acknowledge these mistakes, answer for our actions and give our absolute commitment to fixing what went wrong,\" the bank said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023070", "title": "Boost to Marine Drive revamp", "text": "MUMBAI: In a fillip to plans for the makeover of Marine Drive's promenade, CM Prithviraj Chavan said on Tuesday that the government would soon convene a meeting would be convened to overcome roadblocks that have surfaced in the implementation of the Marine Drive promenade makeover.After completion of the plan's phase Iof the makeover which involved creating a tiled footpath, some bus shelters and plant beds in 2008, the second stage of the Rs 127-crore project, which involves Art Deco restoration, an eco-walk, subways, amphitheatres, sunset point, underground parking and viewing decks, among other things has remained in cold storage. Ruling and opposition benches raised the issue during the question-hour of in the legislative assembly, following which Chavan made the announcement. Amin Patel (Congress) initiated the discussion on the matter. He sought to know if the government would take over the work for the implementation of the second phase from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), which he claimed, had not been able to initiate the project work.Patel claimed that former CM Sushilkumar Shinde had given an assurance in this regard. The MMRDA had earlier handed over the project to the BMC after completing the first phase. Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state (urban development), said, he would look at the assurances given by Shinde.Mangal Prabhat Lodha ( BJP ) raised the issue of encroachments near of portion of the Girgaum Chowpatty and He also complained of littering and lack of cleanliness in the region. \"The spot is a tourist attraction and thousands of foreigners visit it. The encroachments and the lack of hygiene at the tourist site are giving the state a bad name,\" he said. With both the treasury and opposition benches pressing for an answer to the problem, Chavan said he would soon convene a meeting in this regard.In March, TOI had carried a report highlighting the disgust of local citizens and outfits over the lifeless and incomplete facelift of the Queen's Necklace. The makeover was kick started in 2004.Annie Shekhar (Congress) also raised the issue of lack of adequate public conveniences along the promenade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024931", "title": "Chargesheet submitted against senior insurance company officer", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday submitted the chargesheet against senior divisional manager of Oriental Insurance Company Bhagirath Godara in a court here in connection with embezzlement of money and fraud cases registered against him four months ago.According to CBI, the chargesheet was filed in the special CBI court. A CBI officer said teams from the agency had raided the office and the house of Bhagirath Godara, a senior divisional manager at the Oriental Insurance in the city and claimed to have unearthed wealth excessively disproportionate to his income.Godara's office located at Nehru Place and his Shiprapath residence were raided. \"Documents suggesting investments worth lakhs of rupees were seized from Godara's house and office. An FIR had been file against him on complaints of embezzlement. It had come up that he was involved in embezzling money paid as leave travel allowance and other benefits,\" the officer said. During the raid, Godara allegedly damaged some documents.\"During investigation, we found embezzlement of Rs 1.30 lakh. The court had granted bail to the officer. He had been booked under Section 420 and other sections of the IPC,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15024853", "title": "Farmers face doom", "text": "RAJKOT: Farmers in the state are weighed down by anxiety and say that worst may yet come.\"Half of our precious BT cotton seeds have already gone waste because of deficient rains,'' said Valji Patel, a cotton farmer in Sayla village of the Surendranagar district. \"We had sown the seeds expecting the monsoon to set in. If it doesn't rain in a few days, we are likely to lose all the cotton seeds which we had purchased at Rs 900 per 450 gram.\"According to farmers, they are left with no option but to grow crops like juvar, castor, sesame in place of BT cotton and groundnut.\"Farmers can grow cotton even if rains are delayed, but they will not get the desired production and quality as all cotton seeds should be sown before July 15 for best results,'' said Babubhai Vala, a farmer in Udhala village of the Bhavnagar district. \"Small and marginal farmers will have to borrow money for forthcoming agricultural operations.\"A farmer in Amreli district committed suicide two days ago, said Praful Senjaliya, a leader of Bhartiya Kishan Sangh in Amreli. \"This shows that farmers will suffer if rains are delayed further,\" Senjaliya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024488", "title": "US Consulate gets Paigah Palace lease extension till 2016", "text": "HYDERABAD: The US Consulate may continue to operate from Paigah Palace till 2020. The state government allotted Paigah Palace on a four-year lease to the US Consulate in 2008. As the lease would end on July 18 this year, the US Consulate sought its extension. The government recently extended the lease till 2016. However, sources said that the US Consulate might continue to operate from the heritage building till 2020.\"The government allotted the double-storeyed palace to the US Consulate in 2008. According to the memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Consulate, the lease should be renewed every four years. Before the end of the lease in 2012, the US Consulate had approached the government last year with a plea for its extension,\" general administration department (GAD) sources said.The government gets a paltry rent of Rs 12 lakh per annum for the palatial building in a prime location. The Consulate authorities approached the GAD last year to take up renovation of the palace, but the government did not permit as the building is a listed heritage structure, the sources said.Meanwhile, work at Nanakramguda in Gachibowli, where the government has allotted a 12.3 acre land for a permanent regional US Consular office, is in full swing. \"As per the MoU, we have given the site on a 99-year lease to the Consulate. Construction got delayed due to various reasons. Just a few months ago, civil works started at the site,\" the sources added.Cement, iron and other raw materials for construction of the building are being procured locally, but other fittings like bullet proof doors, windows and panes are being imported from the US.\"The new building has to be constructed within five years. We expect the new facility to be ready by 2017,\" a senior GAD official said. As the second extension of the lease would end in 2016 and the new building would be ready only by 2017, the government might extend the lease agreement till 2020, the official added. Even after the new consular office in Gachibowli is ready, the US Consulate might continue to operate from Paigah Palace till 2020, the official replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024160", "title": "Pinki Pramanik case puts Bypass plots under lens", "text": "KOLKATA: Following the controversy over Pinki Pramanik's plot off EM Bypass in Kasba, the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) has decided to speed up work of preparing a report on the detailed status of all land sold off EM Bypass, including residential plots and flats. The report will be completed by next month.State urban development minister and KMDA chairman Firhad Hakim said that they were working on preparing the report. \"The report will be completed within a month,\" he said.The KMDA had started work on preparing the status of land sold off EM Bypass since last year after allegations of irregularities in handing over plots were raised. Like Hidco, KMDA also abolished the chairman's quota for giving plots and decided that from now on, all flats will be allotted only through lotteries. A committee was also formed to scrutinize the process of handing over flats that have been distributed under the chairman's quota. This decision was taken while chief minister Mamata Benerjee herself was the KMDA chairman. before Mamata handed over the KMDA baton to Firhad Hakim.Quite a few MIG and LIG flats were allotted to several persons under the chairman's quota during the Left run government's tenure and several sportspersons were also given plots for commercial purpose. Many of the plots and flats were allotted at very nominal prices.KMDA's development employees joint action committee secretary P B Nag said that many flats and plots off EM Bypass were handed over at exempted rates by the authorities earlier. \"The decision to prepare this status report was very much required,\" Nag said.KMDA had formed a bulk land committee in the 80s to determine land prices, particularly in east Kolkata and Baisnabghata-Patuli. Plots were sold to several private firms and individuals, including several reputed sportspersons. In the 80s, KMDA used to sell each cottah of residential land for Rs 2 lakh and each cottah of commercial plots for Rs 2.5 lakh. The price tag increased in the 90s, when the authorities started selling a cottah of residential land for Rs 3 lakh while the price of commercial plots ranged between 3.5 lakh and Rs 4 lakh per cottah. From 2000 onwards, KMDA revised the price range further, fixing a price of Rs 5 lakh per cottah for residential plots and Rs 5.6 lakh to 6 lakh each cottah for commercial plots.Meanwhile, following Hakim's instructions, KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj on Tuesday submitted a report on Pinki Pramanik's plot off Rashbehari connector at Kasba to the minister and the KMDA chairman. on the status of athlete Pinki Pramanik's plot off Rashbehari connector at Kasba.\"The plot is registered under Pinki's name and Pinki is the leaseholder of the plot,\" Hakim said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023671", "title": "TPC may cut power due to scanty rains", "text": "MUMBAI: Tata Power Company (TPC) that generates hydro-electricity will be asked to reduce generation if the rains continue to play truant, energy minister Ajit Pawar said.Replying to a debate on the supplementary demands of the energy department in the legislative assembly on Tuesday, Pawar said if required the government will even issue an ordinance.Tata Power supplies around 2000MW to Mumbai of which 478MW is hydro-power. Hydro-power is largely generated only to meet peak hour demand. Sources said an order to reduce hydro-power generation is issued annually and it would not drastically affect power supply to the city.Pawar also promised that in view of the Ramadaz fast starting this weekend, the state would ensure there is no load-shedding before 7 am when the fast begins and between 6pm to 10 pm when the fast is broken.Opposition leader Eknath Khadse has alleged that the government is providing electricity to franchisee companies at a rate lower that what was decided and causing huge losses to the state electricity generating company. Khadse said the companies being favoured were Torrent Power Pvt Ltd in Bhiwandi and Spanco Company in Nagpur.Khadse alleged that while seeking the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission's approval for its distribution company's increased distribution expenditure, the government has burdened the consumer with fuel adjustment charges without revealing them. He said sanction has been sought for Rs 10,800 crore to be borne by over two crore consumers.The company needs to raise Rs 7,623 crore to meet its revenue deficit for which it has demanded a hike of 17.7% on the existing tariff. But it has not revealed that of this Rs 3,200 crore is towards fuel adjustment charges,'' said Khadse.Pawar brushing aside the allegations said till date there has been no complaint not even from the comptroller and auditor-general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15024365", "title": "Haryana college director booked for sexual harassment", "text": "ROHTAK: The Haryana police have booked the director of a college here following allegations that girl students were sexually harassed by being made to perform yogic postures wearing sarees.Joginder Dalal, director of IPS College of Education, Research and Training is facing charges of humiliating female students by asking them to perform seershasan (a yoga position) even though many of the students had been wearing saris. A male student was also allegedly assaulted by the accused after he opposed the female students being made to perform the yoga position.Dalal is also accused of passing obscene remarks. The incident occurred on July 14 when the college was holding its yoga practical exam. The college authorities were allegedly charging a bribe from students in lieu of giving marks in the practical exam. When some of the students refused to pay, Dalal allegedly asked the girl students to perform seershasan if they wanted a waiver in the bribe amount.Rakesh Rajnan Tripathi, a BEd student however objected to it. \"The college director called me inside his room where he thrashed me with a stick and even tried to attack me with an axe. I suffered injuries and was rescued by some other students,\" alleged Tripathi.Some students including Tripathi later lodged a complaint against the director and two other staff members after which the police registered a case on July 15. \"The accused comprising Joginder Dalal and two other staff members identified as Virender Singh and Sarita are yet to be arrested,\" said SHO Satyender Kumar.Kumar said the police have been conducting raids. \"The accused have been booked under sections 323 (causing hurt), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (criminal intimidation) 294 (obscene act) of IPC\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gadchiroli (maharashtra)", "code": "15028012", "title": "Gondwana University textbook declares Pranab Mukherjee as 14th President", "text": "GADCHIROLI (MAHARASHTRA): Though Presidential polls are yet to held, Gondwana University has already described UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee as \"the 14th President of the country\" in a just-published textbook.The book, 'Democracy in India', has been prescribed for first year students of BA (Political Science) for the ongoing academic session of the newly-formed varsity.Page number 84 under chapter 4 of the book, published under the heading 'Union Executive', has a chart of the Presidents of India in which Mukherjee has been mentioned as \"the 14th President of India\".The book was released a couple of days ago at a function attended by dean of the department of social sciences of Gondwana University in presence of over 40 lecturers of political science belonging to colleges under the varsity.Sanjay Gore, chairman of the board of studies of the university and Madhukar Arjunkar, a scholar of political science, are the authors of the book.University officials were not available for comment. The presidential elections, where Mukherjee will take on BJP-backed nominee P A Sangma, will be held on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15023910", "title": "SAIL unit develops technology that saves 10% energy", "text": "RANCHI: City-based Research and Development Centre for Iron and Steel (RDCIS), a unit of SAIL, has developed a new technology that will reduce energy consumption by at least 10%.The technology developed by RDCIS was successfully tested at the hot strip mill of Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) on Tuesday. This system was inaugurated recently by RDCIS executive director Sridhar Varadarajan in presence of RSP executive director V Shankar Narayanan and other senior officers of the company.A SAIL official said that 10% saving of energy means that the plant will save at least Rs20 crore per annum. \"SAIL has two hot strip mills, one at Rourkela and another at Bokaro. The company alone can save around Rs40 crore per annum,\" the official said, adding that the technology can be adopted by private steel companies which will help in bringing down the national energy consumption by the steel sector. National saving will not be less than Rs100-150 crore. Chief of RDICS's corporate communication SK Mohapatra said that the system was developed by scientists in which they apply lubricant on the roll surface during hot rolling of steel coils. \"This technology has successfully reduced roll force and energy consumption by 10% and roll wear by 50%. It also enables rolling of value added steel products of different grades,\" said Mohapatra.\"The new hot rolling oil was jointly developed by experts from RDCIS and Indian Oil Corporation Limited ,\" he added.Executive director of RDCIS congratulated the project team for successfully developing, implementing and establishing the benefits of technology at the hot strip mill. He said that similar systems should be installed in other rolling mills of SAIL in the days to come.A SAIL official said that 10% saving of energy means that the plant will save at least Rs20 crore per annum. \"SAIL has two hot strip mills, one at Rourkela and another at Bokaro. The company alone can save around Rs40 crore per annum,\" the official said, adding that the technology can be adopted by private steel companies which will help in bringing down the national energy consumption", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025213", "title": "Uncertainty over 3-year-old\u2019s fate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With her mother, Pooja, dead and father, Vajinder, behind bars, there is uncertainty over the fate of three-year old Ridham. Things are complicated, as relations between the two families have been bitter.Though Ridham is with her paternal grandparents in Sector 20, her maternal relatives say that they will take the custody of the girl and bring her up themselves. Ridham is the only child of the couple.Meanwhile, family members of Vajinder flayed him for allegedly killing his wife Pooja, while showing a lot of regard for their deceased daughter-in-law. Satbir Singh, a close relative of Vajinder, said, \"They always treated Pooja as their son and gave her full freedom to do whatever she wanted. She was one of most lovable persons in our family.\"Another relative of Vajinder's claimed that the family was not aware about Vajinder's extramarital affair. Pooja, a native of Himachal, had done her B.Tech from Panjab University (PU) and had fallen in love with Vajinder six years ago.Prem Chand, brother of the deceased, expressed surprise over the claim of Vajinder's family that they were not aware about his alleged extramarital affair. Chand said he would file an application before the competent authority for taking custody of little Ridham from her paternal family. He claimed, \"He had advised his sister not to marry Vajinder but she had not paid any heed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15028780", "title": "Digvijaya welcomes Mamata's support for Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Digvijaya Singh, who had last month criticised Mamata Banerjee dubbing her \"erratic\" and \"extremely immature\" over her stand on the presidential election, on Wednesday welcomed her support for Pranab Mukherjee and described her as a \"good friend\".\"We are very grateful to Mamata Banerjee for extending her support to Pranab Mukherjee and I am quite hopeful that she will support our vice-presidential candidate Hamid Ansari as well,\" the AICC general secretary said.\"I have always made comments about Mamata in the right perspective and in the right spirit.I have known Mamata for last three decades and we are good friends,\" was his response when asked whether he now regrets the strong words he used against Banerjee in television interviews at the height of the controversy over Trinamool Congress earlier rejecting UPA's choice of presidential nominee last month.Singh said that he always stands by what he says. \"I always stand by what I say. I never take my words back and I know what I say,\" he said when asked whether he sticks to his remarks made in a television interview last month.Reflecting his angst over Banerjee's rejection of the UPA presidential nominee, the Congress leader had said in a television interview last month that there is a \"limit\" to which one can \"bend\" as certain eventualities have to be faced if they cannot be avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023213", "title": "Mumbai businessman gives Rs 1 crore and a flat for divorce", "text": "MUMBAI: A flat and Rs 1 crore is what a city resident will pay to his estranged wife and two minor children as permanent alimony and maintenance in one of the biggest divorce settlements inked before the Bombay high court.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi last week gave its approval to the settlement agreed upon by Powai residents Arnab and Piyali Sen. \"Since the couple was inclined to amicably settle the matter and had even drawn up the terms of settlement, it would be appropriate and in the interest of their children, who are now grown up and need special attention for further and higher education , to finalize the terms,\" said the judges, while adding that they hoped the couple understood that \"they have to act responsibly and not create any untoward situation which would jeopardize the settlement terms\".As per the settlement Arnab, a businessman, is allowed to sell off his sprawling flat in a 36-storey tower in Hiranandani Gardens, where his wife and two minor children currently reside. Flats in the area sell for around Rs 20,000/sq ft. After paying bank and society dues, Arnab will invest 50% of the proceeds in a new flat in the name of Piyali and their son and daughter. The remainder will go to Arnab, who will also have to pay his wife Rs 50 lakh permanent alimony and Rs 25 lakh each to his children as permanent maintenance.This amount will be put into a fixed deposit, and the children will be entitled to withdraw the proceeds when they turn 21.Once the flat is purchased and Piyali and the children move in, the couple will approach the family court for a divorce by mutual consent. The couple has also agreed to withdraw all criminal and civil cases that they have filed against each other. Piyali also assured the court that once she receives her alimony she would have no claim over the property owned by Arnab or his family members. She also agreed to let Arnab have weekly access to the children.The court has scheduled the matter for further hearing on August 2, 2012, when the couple would inform the judges about the compliance of the terms of the settlement.Arnab had moved the family court in 2010 for divorce, which is still pending. The family court had granted maintenance to the two children, which was subsequently fixed by the high court at Rs 12,500 per month for each child. The high court asked Arnab to pay Rs 25,000 as monthly maintenance for each child till he deposits the permanent maintenance.(Names of the couple changed to protect the family's identity).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15029000", "title": "Don\u2019t trust your eyes, says P C Sorcar Jr", "text": "Dressed in a glitzy robe and a turban with its feather firmly in place, P C Sorcar Jr appeared on stage resembling a Maharaja of the ancient times. But what he wore best was his dramatic smile - an honest performer who has been tricking the audience into believing what they see, or perhaps, what they are made to see!After a hiatus of 9 years, the legendary magician made a comeback to the capital city of New Delhi to commemorate the 'Diamond Jubilee Celebration' of the Vinay Nagar Bengali Secondary School, Sarojini Nagar. The 7-day celebration kicked off on the eve of 13 July 2012 at the school premises where the world renowned magician enthralled the audience with his tricks. The celebrations will go on till 19 July 2012.Carrying forward the legacy of his father, the great P C Sorcar Sr, Sorcar Jr has taken Indian magic to far flung places in the world such as Alaska, New Zealand, and Fiji Islands besides his favourite destinations Egypt , Rome and Japan. \"Magic is my heartbeat , my way of life. Magic is what defines me and I breathe magic,\" he declares. Renowned for making the Taj Mahal and the Indore-Amritsar Express disappear in broad day light, Sorcar Jr has worshipped magic since the day after his father's demise, \"My father passed away after a performance in Japan and I was made to take the next flight to take over. I wore his jacket which smelled of his fresh sweat and since then there has been no looking back.\"Hailing from a family of magicians, the latest to join the bandwagon is his daughter and protege, Maneka. The duo has been performing the mystical art together for many years now. Try extracting the secret, or so to say, a logical reasoning behind his magic, he laughs and says, \"If you meet an extraordinary tabla player, you'd call him a magician. Every artist tries to achieve that ultimatum to make their skill look impossible to the audience. I too do that.\"Sorcar's fan following is enormous and one of them is Soumik Sen, writer director of Gulaab Gang, who is all set to direct his biopic. \"He is the greatest magician India has ever produced. We have grown up enjoying his shows but it is his life that I found most fascinating. It's like Phantom where the son carried on not only the legacy but also the name of the father. I wanted to showcase the incredible world of Indian magic and the man who continues to epitomize it,\" says he.Master of a multitude of magic tricks, Sorcar Jr finds it difficult to pick his favourite. In fact he claims that he hasn't performed his dream trick yet. \"If I could, I'd make bad politicians disappear\" he chuckles but turns solemn at once, \"I want to make people's sadness and their diseases disappear from the face of this earth but unfortunately I don't know the trick,\" he adds. Having inspired many students into this mystical art, a school of magic in Agartala is in the offing. \"It'll be like any other normal school with magic as an integral part of the curriculum. Our endeavour will be to teach students the essence of magic,\" he says.Sending girls into coffins, cutting them up into tiny pieces and then making them appear unharmed, conjuring up white pigeons out of thin air, making the statue of Venus disappear, performing life threatening tricks such as passing through a wheel of blades and what not! The illusions will leave you spellbound. \"We trust our eyes too much and tend to believe what we see. The idea is to trust our logic, trust our instincts, believe in ourselves and not blindly trust everything we see,\" Sorcar Jr signs off.He is scheduled to perform his magic tricks at the Vinay Nagar Bengali Secondary School, Sarojini Nagar every evening from 6pm till 19 July 2012.arunima.mazumdar@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027920", "title": "Russell Brand calls Katy Perry 'pain-in-the-ass'", "text": "Comedian Russell Brand shocked a live audience during the filming of his show by claiming that his ex-wife Katy Perry gave him \"ass-ache\".The 37-year-old was at Solar Studios in LA on Sunday filming this week's instalment of his chat show 'BrandX' for American network FX.\"Russell was bantering with the audience, in particular a couple called Curtis and Katy. Then, all of a sudden Russell shouted: 'Anyway, enough of you. I've had enough ass-ache from people called Katy in the last year',\" the Daily Star quoted an audience member as saying.\"It was obvious he meant Katy Perry.\"The whole room gasped. I think it took a couple of seconds for what he'd said to sink in.\"He then laughed and shouted: 'Oh no, there might be a journalist in the room'.\"He shrugged his shoulders and murmured: 'Oh well,' before moving onto his next subject,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025189", "title": "Bus-hit woman succumbs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Anita Devi, 32, who was injured when a Punjab Roadways bus crushed the cycle- rickshaw she was riding, succumbed to her injuries at Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH), Sector 32 on Thursday. Anita, along with some other people was injured in the accident that took place on Monday. The daughter and sister of Anita, who too were riding the rickshaw were killed on the spot. Anita's body was handed over to her family after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "15024941", "title": "Nuclear plant in Haryana: Open meet closes in 45 minutes", "text": "FATEHABAD: The open house session organized by Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB), for an environment impact assessment (EIA) on the setting up 2800 MW nuclear power plant by Nuclear Power Corporation of India ( NPCIL) at Gorakhpur, turned out to be a cosmetic affair on Tuesday. Agitated farmers and locals raised numerous questions about the plant but failed to get any concrete answers from the officials. In fact, the session did not even last an hour. Forty-five minutes into it, and the session had ended.\"Not even a single person could come out with a satisfactory answer to the concerns raised by those who got an opportunity to reach the dais - be it the scientists of Nuclear Power Corporation of India or officials of local administration or pollution board,\" complained Lalit Aggrawal, a chartered accountant who had come all the way from Bhiwani to find answers to queries he had about the project.Hans Raj Siwach, president of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, minced no words in terming the entire exercise as a managed show. \"If this project is really that good, then what has stopped (chief minister Bhupinder Singh) Hooda from setting it up in Rohtak district, like other projects (coming up in the CM's hometown). We shall not give up. Our agitation will continue,'' he said.Police authorities as well as local administration, though, were a relieved lot as the proceedings remained peaceful. There was heavy police deployment in and around the venue, which was made on account of anticipated violence due to the presence of politicians and workers of opposition parties. A 4 km radius around the venue was declared out of bounds for vehicular traffic.Manoj Kumar, a local resident, made a pertinent point when he asked, \"Can you call it a public hearing when you have a 10,000-men strong police force deployed to prevent genuine residents from reaching the venue in time? With no satisfactory answers given by officials, they have just made a mockery of the event.\"Farmers have been protesting against the proposed plant for almost two years now. On Tuesday, they gathered here to tell HSPCB officials and NPCL scientists as to why they were dead-opposed to the proposal. They bombarded the pollution department officials and scientists with queries. But about 45 minutes into the session, deputy commissioner M P Kaushik announced its closure. The announcement came soon after Hisar MP Kuldeep Bishnoi entered the venue along with his supporters.Soon after, Abhay Singh Chautala led INLD workers to the venue, which was packed to capacity.BOXSidelights:Bishnoi's vehicle stoppedThe adminsitration had started barricading from a distance of four kilometers from the venue. Kuldeep Bishnoi was among those who were prevented from taking their vehicles forward. After he staged a dharna, the MP and his supporters were allowed even to walk up to the venue.No proper notice: ChautalaHaving failed to make it to the venue at an appropriate time due to police barricades, Abhay Singh Chautala, INLD MLA from Ellenabad, lashed out at the administration. \"According to rules, the administration must inform villagers about the general public hearing one month in advance. But here the administration issued notice even to the village sarpanch on July 16 evening only,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15026099", "title": "Varanasi weavers to showcase their stuff at Delhi Haat", "text": "VARANASI: In order to facilitate weavers of Varanasi region, Ministry of Textiles has announced a special 'Benaras Weavers' Haat at Delhi Haat, New Delhi from October 16 to October 31.Tapan Sharma, assistant director, Weavers Service Centre (WSC), said: \"As many as 162 stalls will be displayed on the occasion. There will be 30 stalls of weavers who have received Sant Kabir award or any other award from state or national government, 30 stalls will be for weavers from 11 handloom clusters, primary handloom cooperative society will be given 32 stalls, while 70 stalls will be representing simple weavers who have an identity card or other related document.\"According to Sharma, applications along with necessary certificates will be received till August 14 which will be followed by a draw in each category under the supervision of a special committee formed for this purpose on August 27.\"At present around 35,000 weavers have the weaver's identity card, while there are a total of 65,000 weavers in total in Azamgarh, Varanasi and Mau region,\" he added.According to Sharma, the Haat is being held only for weavers of Varanasi region where Benarasi brocade, zari, zamdani, sarees and furnishing materials of silk are a specialty.\"This is the largest share of Varanasi weavers in Delhi Haat, prior to there used to be only 4 to 5 stalls displayed in Delhi Haat, however, there is no information on providing special training to the selected weavers for participation in the haat\", he informed.The WSC provides technical and marketing assistance to weavers. There are three different wings where interested weavers are trained for designing, dying and weaving for a period of four months.\"There are 20 seats and batches are running round the year, meanwhile, if a weaver turn up with any difficulty or any technical help, he is trained and provided help\", informed Sharma. At present around 80 trainees which also includes some students from Allahabad, Lucknow and even Varanasi are taking training at WSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15024709", "title": "Mumbai housewife stabbed, burnt to death", "text": "Mumbai: A 46-year-old woman was found dead, her body covered with burns, at her Malad West residence on Monday. While it initially appeared to be an accidental death, an autopsy revealed the woman had been stabbed to death. Suzanne Rodriques, the victim, lived on the sixth floor of Marve View society on Marve Road with her teenaged daughters aged 14 and 17. Her husband, Allwyn, is employed in Bahrain. On Monday, Suzanne went to buy provisions at around 11.30am after her daughters left. The society watchman saw Suzanne return by noon but didn't see any strangers go to her flat thereafter. \"Around 1.30pm, her younger daughter came home from school and knocked on the door. But there was no response and she decided to wait till her elder sister returned from college by 2pm. The two girls did not have a spare set of house keys and grew worried as a sharp odour of kerosene had been emanating from the house all the while. The girls then informed their neighbours who called up the fire brigade. The door was broken down and Suzanne was found lying on the living room floor,\" said senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh. Police had also been called by then. Suzanne's face, neck and torso was covered with burns and there were some pieces of paper stuck to her body. She was rushed to a local hospital, where doctors declared her dead. The police informed her brother who lives in north Mumbai. \"Initially, the family did not suspect anything amiss and believed it to be an accidental death. But we had a nagging doubt that something was wrong. The body was sent for an autopsy to the Borivli post-mortem centre where it was revealed that Suzanne had stab injuries in her stomach. There's a possibility that the killer set her ablaze after stabbing her, to put the police off track. Turpentine oil had possibly been emptied on her and she sustained around 40% burns,\" an official said. Allwyn flew down to Mumbai on Tuesday after being informed of his wife's death. An inspection of the 1-BHK flat revealed that Suzanne's jewellery was intact, but Rs 5,000 was missing from the drawers. \"We suspect insider involvement in the case. Suzanne must have known the killer and let him inside the house on her own. We are questioning frequent visitors to the flat and those who were friends with Suzanne,\" the official said. The watchman is also being questioned. A case of murder has been registered by the Malwani police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025276", "title": "Admissions in Panjab University to post-graduate courses get more tough", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the recent trend in arts departments at Panjab University is anything to go by, then admission to post-graduate courses will become harder from the current academic session.With lesser number of seats than previous years in two prominent courses - English and History, these departments are now citing dearth of resources and insufficient teaching staff as a reason for rollback in number of seats.The Board of Control (BoC) at the departments of History and English have resolved to reduce the number of seats from 68 to 50 for History and 149 to 100 for English, for the new academic session 2012-2013. The BoC, chaired by the department head along with senior professors, teachers on rotation basis and teachers of allied subjects collectively decide the fate of number of seats in a course each year at PU.\"We were asked to raise the number of seats a few years ago by the vice-chancellor. However, there was no improvement in the condition of the department - neither was the infrastructure improved nor was the existing staff enough to handle the hiked seats pressure. Hence, a move was mooted to rollback seats to the original number,\" said Rajiv Lochan, chairperson, department of History, PU.And others too want to follow suite. \"There are other departments who want to reduce the number seats as well. Most of them say the seats were increased by the varsity promising better infrastructure. However, the benefits have never reached these departments, they claim,\" said an official of the dean university instruction office at PU, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024237", "title": "A thief with an investment outlook", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police made some unusual recoveries from the residence of an alleged thief's maternal uncle at Ram Nagar last week. They were fixed deposit certificates of a private investment company worth around Rs 40,000. It is learnt the cash received after disposing of the stolen valuables was invested in the fixed deposits to mislead police who generally avoid such documents and focus on gold and silver.Eknath Kohle, having several offences of thefts against him, was learnt to be involved in some cases of burglaries in the outskirts of the city after being released from jail in February. Police received this information after Vijay Nirmalkar alias Kalya (20) was rounded up for questioning in connection to a case of robbery in March.Following Nirmalkar's interrogation, Kalamna police brought Manoj Yadav (20) from the central jail with production warrant issued by the court. Police said Kohle's whereabouts were divulged during custodial interrogation of Nirmalkar and Yadav. It is learnt that Kohle had sneaked away with his ladylove earlier this year to Gadchandur in Chandrapur after he sensed that police were after him. The police team nabbed Kohle in the second week of July from Gadchandur.It is learnt that Kohle, who has experience of police's investigation, knew about sweeping recoveries made by the cops during searches at suspects' places. It is generally physical valuables that the police go after leaving financial instruments alone. Police said Kohle gave the stolen gold and silver to his grandmother Chandrakala Thakur who stayed near Dipty Signal. Thakur, in turn, sold some of the valuables and mortgaged others for money.Then, Thakur gave the money to her brother who invested it in fixed deposits and kept the certificates with him. Apart from the certificates, police also recovered some gold, silver, a knife and two mobile phones. The squad comprising police constable Arvind Mohod, Vinayak Patil, Santosh Singh Thakur and others under senior inspector Sampat Chavan detected four offences of different police stations. Apart from a robbery and burglary at Kalamna, the team also detected offences committed under Yashodhara Nagar and Nandanvan police stations.It is learnt Nandanvan police are set to take custody of Kohle and his accomplices from Kalamna for further investigation into the burglary that the trio had committed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025250", "title": "\u2018Unwanted pregnancies on the rise in city\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the observations of gynaecologists in city clinics are to be believed, there is a marked increase in the number of unwanted pregnancies that ended in abortion. Doctors claim that this increase adds to factors, like obesity and PCOS, attributing to infertility. Reasoning the disturbing trend to internet browsing and consequent popping of pills which do not abort completely, doctors say that patients end up increasing complications for themselves rather than tackling the problem.Dr Umesh Jindal, gyanecologist in a Sector-20 based hospital, said, \"We see over five to six such cases every month. Lack of awareness about safe sexual practices has contributed to unwanted pregnancies. We see such cases in the age group between 18-25 years.\" Myths related to contraceptives that their usage, result in sudden weight gain or loss, prevents protection. \"Some unmarried girls are not aware of the significance of contraceptives. Frequent termination through surgery or medicines can result in infections and infertility. I have been getting two to three cases every month,\" said Dr Ritambhra Bhalla, Mohali-based gynaecologist.According to the doctors, unwanted or unplanned pregnancies do not come to their clinic. Patients only turn up when things complicate and they are left with no option but to visit a doctor. \"They come at the third trimester (end of pregnancy) not knowing that it's incomplete termination. While counselling them we get to know that they take emergency pills over the counter and when they start bleeding, they assume that they have had an abortion. The remnants of the foetus remain inside which causes infection,\" said Dr Yash Bala of Sector 21.Browsing the internet and talking to peers are the culprit behind misleading people, say experts. \"Most youngsters who read online or take suggestions from friends, end up gulping emergency pills and increasing complications for themselves,\" said Dr Mangla Dogra, Sector-19 based gynaecologist. She added, \"Blood group and Rh factor must be matched as incompatible match can result in abortion of subsequent pregnancy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024884", "title": "ME, MPharm merit lists out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The merit list for admissions to ME and MPharm courses was declared on Tuesday.There are 50 ME colleges with 3,853 seats for which 8,100 students had applied. For MPharm, there are 61 colleges with 4,600 seats with only 2,530 applicants.Admission committee officials said that counseling for students seeking admission to ME colleges will be held on July 23 while for MPharm students it will be on July 20.For the first time this year, the admission committee first deducted five seats reserved for sponsored students from the industry from the number of seats in each college and then declared the 25% management quota seats.This decision led to unrest among self-financed colleges management quota seats reduced from four to five to two-odd seats.Earlier, the admission committee used to declare management quota seats without deducting the five sponsored seats.Self-financed college managements say that they have represented against this decision. \"If we do not get justice, we will move court,\" said one college trustee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15016136", "title": "Tiger is not under my shadow: Jackie Shroff", "text": "Actor Jackie Shroff , who is a proud father these days as his son Tiger is making his Bollywood debut with a Sajid Nadiadwala production, said the newcomer is not under his shadow.Jackie, who has been in the industry for more than three decades and has worked in over 150 films, insists that Tiger is entitled to make his own decisions instead of relying on his father to pave the way for his career.\"Tiger is free to explore the world himself. He is a man whose persona is totally different from what I had during my initial days. There can't be any comparison between the two of us since he is absolutely different.\"I was someone who was trying to make it into the world of glamour. On the other hand Tiger has also been an athlete and a sports person. He is making his own choices instead of being under my shadow,\" Jackie told PTI.The 52-year-old actor says he doesn't feel the need to suggest anything to Tiger as that's taken care by his manager.\"Tiger has a manager who looks after his business and together they decide what he should be doing next. Moreover today's kids are mature enough; they give me suggestions. They are more focused and disciplined than the way we used to be. They know exactly what they want,\" he added. Jackie also says he has full faith in Nadiadwala and knows that he will do the best for his son.\"I am sure Sajid is going to take good care of Tiger. With him coming in, it is like his own family member being launched. He is a very strong producer and always plays on the front foot.\"He, along with director Sabbir Khan, have assured Tiger of a wonderful launch. Knowing Tiger's dedication to the craft, I am sure he will do well. He respects Sajid the way he respects me,\" he added.Jackie came from a non-filmy background and started his career with the 1982 film Swami Dada but it was Hero which got him recognition in the industry.The actor, who has been missing from the big screen for a while now, will soon be seen playing a villain in Yash Raj Films' Dhoom 3 with Aamir Khan .Jackie is happy that he is returning to the production house after a decade. He last worked with them in 1993 release Aaina.\"Aditya (Chopra) just called me out of the blue and informed that he was considering me for Dhoom 3. They asked me to meet the director ( Vijay Krishna Acharya) and hear the part I had to play. I liked what he had to narrate and immediately said yes,\" he said.Jackie is also excited to work with Aamir, with whom he last worked in the 1995 release Rangeela.\"We paired up beautifully in Rangeela and both of us have so many good things to talk about. It is a pleasure just to meet him. He is a younger brother, just like a family to me,\" Jackie said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025012", "title": "Tired Congress cadre in no mood to cover lost ground", "text": "LUCKNOW: Apart from the age-difference, there is a digital divide that separates the Indian Youth Congress from the party's main wing. Though technology appears to be the mainstay of the ongoing membership drive for the youth wing of the Congress party - there's a state-of-the-art interactive website that gives details of the enrolment drive across India - the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee in the state appears nearly comatose, in comparison.The extent of disconnect is clear: though Pramod Tiwari, the senior party leader gave up the post of Congress Legislature Party leader nearly three months ago, he continues to feature on the party website in the same capacity. The new incumbent to the post, Pradeep Mathur, meanwhile, finds no mention on the site. In fact, the last update on the party's website appears to have been made on March 25, 2012.Tired after consecutive losses -- first in the assembly elections and then after its record failure during the municipal polls, the party functionaries appear in no mood to \"catch up\".A senior Congress leader said: \"The party has suffered a setback and the morale is at an all-time low. That is the reason why no one appears to have taken the trouble to update the website.'' That party general secretary Rahul Gandhi has failed to return to UP soil as he had promised, except once, when he visited his constituency, has also upset many within the party ranks.A party worker from Barabanki said, \"Despite the party's poor performance during the elections, we have, as a team worked very hard to campaign for Rahul Gandhi and the Congress party. However, the fact that he has failed to return to us, even to send out a message that all is not lost and that we should regroup for 2014, has left us disillusioned.'' tnnNow, the only hope for revival for the party remains with the numbers the youth wing is able to induct through its month-long enrolment drive. A senior party functionary said: The Congress party has traditionally been weak at the grass-roots level. With this enrolment drive, we expect to infuse fresh blood into the party ranks. In future, this consolidation at the grassroots will help the party's performance, especially, we hope, during the Lok Sabha elections.''Curiously, there's also heavy duty factionalism at work within the party ranks. Senior leaders are unhappy, not only with their leaders at the Centre but also with each other. The deep-rooted discontent, in fact, appears to be all set result in the loss of at least one old party loyalist who is rumoured to be ready to defect to the ruling party, ahead of the Lok Sabha elections. What one sees of the Congress party currently is a completely divided house, right from the top. Most senior leaders don't agree with each other on most issues; in fact, constructive politics is a thing of the past,'' a Lucknow-based Congress worker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15024219", "title": "Stressed out Chinese goes missing, traced", "text": "HUBLI: A stressed out Chinese working in Hospet Steels Ltd of Kalyani Group sent police into a tizzy on Tuesday after his colleagues filed a missing complaint. He was later traced late in the night.Li Jianping, 41, who is working as chief technical officer in Hospet Steels Ltd, Ginigera in Koppal, went missing from the guest house where he was staying. He was staying with his four friends working in the same company. The team is involved in the expansion of Hospet steel unit and are in Koppal since June.When Jianping did not turn up at work till afternoon, a missing complaint was filed at Munirabad police station. Three police teams fanned out across Hospet, Bellary, Raichur and other surrounding areas of Koppal. At around 8pm, police traced him near Jianping near the Kirloskar factory, about 9 km away from his company.Speaking to TOI, SP B S Prakash, said that Jianping was under severe stress and wanted to take a break from his hectic work schedule. So he decided to take a stroll around the city. But lost his way.Jianping was unable to converse with the locals for directions. When his picture was flashed on local TV channels, residents identified him and alerted police, Prakash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15025581", "title": "Steps sought to oust controversial godman Nithyananda", "text": "MADURAI: An orator and an advocate have filed a petition in the high court bench here seeking a directive to the HR&CE; Board Commissioner to permit them to file a suit in a subordinate court for removal of controversial godman Nithyananda as head of the Madurai Adheenam.In their petition, Nellai Kannan and advocate V P Ganesan said Nithyananda was not qualified to become junior head of the adheenam, which was in existence for over 1,500 years and had a great tradition. His appointment had come as 'a bolt from the blue' for the Vallala community, who are Saivites and emotionally attached to the mutt, they said.They contended that Nithyananda had not followed any of the steps required traditionally to head the mutt, one of which was to acquire a certain type of 'sainthood.' On attaining this status, he should visit all Shiva temples and be made 'Kattalai Thambiran' (personal assistant to the priest) after the latter felt he had acquired sufficient knowledge in Saiva tenets.He would later be given blessings with mantras and adorn Vedic beads and renounce all worldly connections. He would then be given a 'Spatika Lingam' which he should worship daily.Pointing out that only a Kattalai Thambiran should be made junior pontiff, they said the Madurai Adheenam could have got someone from other adheenams and not Nithyananda, against whom there was a pending case in California over alleged misappropriation of funds and cheating.The petitioners said one leading an immoral life or in a manner likely to bring the office of the head of the adheenam into disrepute could be removed from the post as per the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act. Nithayananda was absent from the mutt for three months when he faced criminal cases and was arrested in Bangalore, they said. After claiming to be head of the Bidadi Mutt near Bangalore, he could not assume charge of the Madurai Adheenam, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15024005", "title": "Protest against 'school compound'", "text": "NASHIK: Students of Dr Baliram Hiray Adivasi Vidyalaya at Dari protested against the places where classes are being conducted since a week after the school was sealed.The students, along with volunteers of Chhatrabharati, a students' welfare organization, conducted a rally on Tuesday and presented a memorandum to district collector Vilas Patil,who assured them that the school building will be reopened in two days.The school, which is run by Anand Education Society, was sealed on July 10 by Nashik Merchant's Cooperative Bank allegedly because it defaulted on a loan. The school resumed its classes in different places. But the students say that these places are un- comfortable. Seven hundred and fifty students from different villages study in the school that provides education from Std V to XII.As a mark of protest, 500 students and volunteers of Chhatrabharati together held a rally from Peth Naka to Makhmalabad Naka, Malegaon Stand, Raviwar Karanja, M G Road, Meher Signal to finally the district collector's office. The protestors held a brief rasta roko before presenting the memorandum to the collector.\"Gyms, community halls, libraries, hostel rooms and a room in NDCC Bank have been made available for the classesby the Gram Panchayat. But they conditions are not very good. students have to sit on the floor and in the community hall, they sit on sand that is moist now because of the rainsThey eat there too which is not hygienic,\" said Arun Donde, president of Chhatrabharati.The district collector asked the chief executive officer of the Zilla Parshad to furnish the details of the school and why it was sealed. He inquired whetherthe private property of the defaulter should be sealed instead of the school.He assured that the school building would be reopened in two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023382", "title": "CBI seeks statement of businessman Abhishek Verma's associate Allen", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has sought the statement of businessman Abhishek Verma's associate C Edmond Allen in connection with the alleged bribe of $530,000 he took from Rheinmetall Air Defence AG (RAD). CBI sources said the agency has written to Allen to provide his statement, but it is yet to hear from him.CBI, which is planning to complete the probe and file a chargesheet by next month, has booked Verma and his Romanian wife Anca Neacsu, who are still in judicial custody. Sources said Allen's statement would corroborate the claims made by the agency and also bolster its case.CBI has gathered enough material evidence that indicate alleged culpability of Verma in the case and would be sufficient to prove charges against him.The case relates to $530,000 that Verma allegedly took from RAD on the promise that he would use his influence to stall blacklisting proceedings initiated by the government against it after the Ordnance Factory Board scam came to light. US-based attorney Allen, who has majority stake in Ganton, USA, and Ganton India companies, alleged to be front of Verma, had approached the CBI director and other top officials alleging the arms-dealer received funds from RAD for bailing it out, they said.CBI is also likely to send Letters Rogatory to Switzerland seeking details of RAD which is based in Zurich, sources said. Recently, Verma had moved a Delhi court with a complaint against his former partner Allen accusing him of cheating him of Rs 55 crore and forging documents and emails to defame him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024065", "title": "When it rains, it pours", "text": "PANAJI: As a revival in the monsoon current produced steady spells of heavy rain in some parts of the state, Pernem continued to be the wettest place in Goa with the coastal town crossing 2,137mm (85inches) on Tuesday morning.Though Pernem recorded lesser amount of rainfall of 53.4mm during the 24-hour period till Tuesday morning, it was far ahead of Quepem, which has so far received 1,891.8mm (75inches) during the season till Tuesday morning.Valpoi, often referred to as the Mawsynram of Goa, received 1,734.9mm (almost 70inches). The trend is likely to continue for a couple of days. \"The trough off the Goa coast has become active again,\" K V Singh, director of meteorological centre, Altinho said.Panaji received the highest amount of rainfall of 115.6mm (more than 4inches) during the 24-hour period till Tuesday morning. The rainfall in the city had been sparse over the last week with 2.7mm recorded on July 10 and 17.9mm on July 13 on the higher side. Rainfall of 366.6mm (more than 14inches) recorded about 13 years ago on June 12, 1999, is the highest in 24 hours ever recorded.Other centres which received heavy rainfall during the last 24 hours were Quepem 89.0mm, Canacona 89.4mm, Mapusa 85.4mm and Ponda 75mm.Centres with higher seasonal total are Mapusa 1,677.6mm, Panaji 1,665.5mm, Dabolim 1,553.3mm, Mormugao 1,509.4mm, Canacona 1,447mm, Margao 1,403.9mm. The lowest amount of rainfall recorded during the season was 1,394mm in Ponda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023406", "title": "Govt to move SC if BRT scrapped", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the court-mandated report by Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) came out recommending a non-BRT solution for the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand stretch, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said that Delhi government would approach the Supreme Court if the Delhi high court accepts CRRI's suggestion to scrap the corridor. \"Some people are politicizing the issue. This BRT project is for the common man and because of vested interests it has been facing hurdles,\" she said. \"We will present the people's side before the apex court,\" said Dikshit.Meanwhile, the transport department seems to have gone into a denial mode. While the transport minister's office maintained that the government would make its stance clear in court on Wednesday, senior government officials claimed that the report has not recommended scrapping of the BRT. \"There are several recommendations for better management of the 5.8km stretch, including the addition of a link road between Press Enclave Marg and outer Ring Road. The report has only said that the situation improved during the trial run but there is no suggestion to do away with the corridor,\" said a senior government official. Other recommendations like introducing time for pedestrians in the traffic cycle would be studied and incorporated as deemed fit by the department, said officials. \"We cannot take any decisions till the matter is decided in court,\" added the official.Sources, however, confirmed that the government was planning to pursue the matter if the HC order goes against it on Wednesday. \"The high court decision will impact other BRT projects that are in the pipeline. Thus, the government would not want the pilot project to be scrapped,\" said an official. Sources said that the government was already looking at options of filing an appeal against the HC order. \"Fourteen BRT projects are in the pipeline. The detailed project report for the next corridor from Karawal Nagar-More Gate is ready. It is unlikely that the government will allow the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand BRT to be scrapped,\" added the official.The CRRI report submitted on Monday had visualized three scenarios for the BRT corridor, including continuation of the segregated bus lanes. It had, however, had said that the \"No BRT\" option yielded better benefits for the corridor with the given traffic conditions. \"The results of the experimental trial run conducted on the corridor reiterated the fact that allowing other vehicles to ply on the lane earmarked for buses was better for vehicles and pedestrians,\" the report says.(With inputs by IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025600", "title": "Desperate min blames Chinese gear for crisis", "text": "GURGAON: Malfunctioning Chinese equipment and poor quality of coal are impacting the power generation in Haryana, power minister Captain Ajay Yadav said while speaking at the power ministers' conference held in Delhi on Tuesday.The conference was organized by the Planning Commission to take overall stock of the power situation in the country. Explaining the surge of power demand in the state, the minister said that Haryana is witnessing a 7% to 8% growth in power demand in the past, and in certain pockets like Gurgaon, Faridabad and other industrial belts, this rate has touched 20-25 %.On the problems faced due to Chinese equipment faults, the Haryana minister said the state is facing the operational problems in power plants having equipment of Chinese make. According to the minister, the power plants with installed generation capacity of around 20,000MW in Haryana have equipment of Chinese make.Captain Yadav said: \"There is no company in India, which can repair these machines. In one case, a machine was sent back to China for repair.\"During the meeting, the minister urged the Ministry of Power to take steps to build capacity for the repair of Chinese machinery in India. He also expressed his concern over the insufficient quantity of coal allocation for the power plants situated in Haryana and said that the state has set up a 1,200MW thermal plant in Hisar. The state's coal daily supply is halved day making it difficult for the plant to operate uninterruptedly.He said that the poor quality of coal being received at the power stations in Haryana is a matter of serious concern. The coal has a calorific value of about 3,600 kcl/kg having ash content more than 40% with huge stone and coal boulders.Apart from above there is about 8-9% loss of coal in transit. This leads to increase in cost of generation besides aggravating the problem of disposal of the enhanced quantity of ash. Adequate measures are required to the taken to curb the loss of coal during transit. He said that the need of the hour is to put in place an efficient system under which sampling of coal supplied is done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024041", "title": "Government order banning ore movement challenged before HC", "text": "PANAJI: Sesa Goa Limited and Usgao Truck Owners Association (UTOA) have filed separate petitions before the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging an order of the state government banning movement of trucks transporting ore in South Goa.When the petition came up for hearing on Tuesday before a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre, government advocate Manish Salkar pointed out that the mining trucks do not comply with the rules and overload the trucks leading to spillage on the roads. During the monsoon, this leads to slippery conditions on the roads and endangers life of the school-going children and others using the roads, he said.Salkar, thereafter, sought time to seek further instructions from the government and file an appropriate reply to the petition.While granting the government time till July 19 for filing the reply, the bench observed that a right balance should be struck between the transportation of ore and the safety of the general public.Sesa Goa and UTOA have asked for quashing and setting aside the order passed by the South Goa Collector N D Agarwal, banning movement of trucks until September 12.The ban is imposed in view of the threat posed to lives of people due to the unsafe conditions of the roads caused by mining trucks during the monsoon.Sesa Goa has pointed out that due to stoppage of ore transportation its plants in Bicholim taluka have been badly hit and are facing prospects of a possible closure due to continued shortage of ore. Closure of the plants would also mean loss of livelihood to 1,200 employees, the company has stated in the petition.UTOA has stated that its members' livelihood is severely affected as there is no movement of trucks due to the order banning transportation of ore. The court will hear the petition further on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025784", "title": "Ideal green city, on net", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sustainia is a safe, prosperous and exciting destination. The quality of life is probably even better than where you come from. All it takes are the right choices. This is not an advertisement in a glossy property supplement enticing you to buy an over-priced luxury home. Nor is it a dreamy picture of utopia. Sustainia, a vision of the sustainable city in 2020, was an idea first propagated by Monday Morning , Scandinavia's largest independent think-tank and weekly magazine. Some of the world's largest corporates , organizations like the UN and the likes of Arnold Schwarzenegger have thrown their lot behind Sustainia, a global platform for bouncing ideas on sustainable cities.There is no dearth of arguments for why India should join the global discussion on sustainable cities. The country , which once dreamt of a double digit growth rate, ranked a low 134 out of 187 countries in the latest UN Human Development Index. The 2011 census showed that for the first time in 90 years the increase in India's urban population was more than the increase in its rural population over the last 10 years. With Delhi witnessing the largest stream of urban migration over the last decade, it may be a good time for the country and its capital to learn a thing or two about sustainable cities. Creating sustainable cities is not rocket science. Transforming cities can sometimes be very simple. Like artist Ruganzu Bruno Tusingwire's dream of creating a movable amusement park for children in the slums of Kampala (Uganda) using thousands of plastic bottles. His 'big idea' won him the City 2.0 award at the Technology Entertainment Design (TED)X Summit in Doha. City 2.0 is now one amongst several global platforms on creating sustainable cities. While reams have been written on noise pollution, Australian sound artist Jason Sweeney wants a crowdsourced map of quiet places in a city where introverts and people with disabilities can take refuge. His idea is amongst several others shared by City 2.0. Sustainia, too, has drawn inspiration from innovative experiments across the urban landscape.These include the 4,000 outdoor gyms in Beijing that provide a free-of-cost opportunity to exercise, 2,000-odd vegetable gardens on rooftops across London and the fast lanes on Oslo's streets reserved for electric vehicles. The 'Guide to Sustainia' points to the fact that cities make up less than 2% of the world's surface area, produce 80% of its economic output, are responsible for over 70% of global greenhouse gas emissions and account for 60-80 % of the world's energy consumption. Sustainia's map of a livable city is one in which roofs are painted white to reflect sunlight, solar water heaters are fitted on all buildings and beaches are clean enough to swim in. It also looks at attractive public transport and easy recycling facilities. The idea envisions a reduction of unsustainable fossil fuel which will be replaced by renewable energy. It looks at a time-bound approach to achieving this goal, with a view of reducing global CO2 emissions by 50-85 % in 2050. Sustainia is working towards a society where entrepreneurs , corporates and investors race each other to come up with low carbon solutions to global problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025835", "title": "100kmph speed limit for cars on Yamuna e-way", "text": "NEW DELHI: After almost four months silence on the opening of Yamuna Expressway since the Samajwadi Party came to power, UP government on Tuesday notified the maximum speed limit for this stretch between Greater Noida and Agra. While for car, the speed limit will be 100 km per hour, for heavy vehicles it will be 60kmph.This means those taking the road to visit Agra can cover it in less than 100 minutes. Two other e-ways - Pune-Mumbai and Vadodara-Ahmedabad - have similar norms. This move comes as trickle of hope that the Akhilesh Yadav government might soon notify the toll rates for different categories of vehicles, which is a precondition for opening of the stretch for tolling. The Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority has proposed toll tax rates for vehicles . For light vehicles - cars/ jeeps - the proposed rate is Rs 2.10 per km and Rs 3.25 per km for medium heavy vehicles like minibuses . The rates would be high. Sources said a single car trip could cost around Rs 300-350 and there will be discount for a round trip in 24 hours. \"As it's a BOT (toll) project, the developer will have the discretion to charge less to make it attractive for commuters than Delhi-Agra highway, which is congested,\" said a source.Times ViewAn expressway that sets a speed limit of 100 kmph for passenger vehicles and 60 kmph for heavier vehicles is in effect no expressway. The whole point of building these roads at such enormous cost is to allow for faster movement of goods and people. Setting such low speed limits not only defeats that purpose but also encourages people to violate the law. And a law that encourages its disregard because it is unreasonable does serious damage to a larger social goal - inculcating respect for the rule of law. The expressway authorities should consider these aspects and raise the speed limits to at least 120 kmph for lighter vehicles and 80 kmph for trucks and buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025706", "title": "Man \u2018pushed\u2019 from building, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 36-year-old shopkeeper was allegedly pushed to death from the third floor of Karkardooma Court on Tuesday morning, said police.The man, Nazeem, was a resident of Nustafabad in northeast Delhi. He was found lying in a pool of blood near Meditation Centre inside the court premises around 10.30am, said a police source. \"We rushed him to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital but he was declared dead within a few minutes,\" said a police officer.Nazeem had come to the court for a hearing. Cops suspect that an altercation took place on the third floor after which Nazeem was pushed by someone. His body has been sent for postmortem. Cops said that circumstantial evidence and the nature of Nazeem's wounds suggest that he did not fall accidently.\"We are probing the matter from all angles. Efforts are on to trace the people who accompanied Nazeem to the court,\" said the officer. A case of murder has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025550", "title": "Maruti ties up with Haryana education boards", "text": "GURGAON: Maruti Suzuki India has joined hands with two different education boards in Haryana to offer a three-year diploma in engineering to its shop floor technicians. \"The company signed an MoU with Haryana State Board of Technical Education and Haryana-IGNOU Society for Community Education and Training to offer a three-year diploma in engineering to its shop floor technicians,\" Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.The programme, Gyanuday, will help to make available manpower with enhanced knowledge and skill-set for meeting the future business needs of the company, it added.MSI said on successful completion of the course with 60 per cent marks of equivalent Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), technicians will be considered for promotion to supervisor cadre.Commenting on the association, MSI Chief Operating Officer (Administration) S Y Siddiqui said: \"This initiative will address the career aspirations of the technician colleagues. It is also a significant move to align with the national skill upgradation programme to create a pool of trained and skilled manpower.\"The programme will offer diploma in engineering through part time classes in mechanical, electrical and electronics streams, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024578", "title": "Ryot eyes Angrau vice chancellor post", "text": "HYDERABAD: V Satyanarayana Reddy, a farmer from Warangal district, has applied for the post vice chancellor of Acharya N G Ranga Agriculture University (Angrau), as he believes a farmer alone can run a farm varsity. The post has been lying vacant for almost 15 months and the state government has been unable to find a right candidate to fill the post.So, Reddy, who grows mangoes, maize, chilli, paddy and turmeric in his 50-acre farm near Mahbubabad, feels he is the right person for the post and vouches that he has no political backing. The farmer personally delivered his application in the chief minister's office some time back and sent a reminder to the CM on Tuesday not to further delay the recruitment process.Satyanarayana Reddy is relying on the rules of Angrau for his application to be taken seriously because the university guidelines do not prescribe any qualification for the top post. Anybody with farm knowledge can be appointed vice chancellor. The only criterion is that one name should be forwarded to the chancellor (the governor) from the board of management of Angrau.For the past 15 months, the university neither has a board to recommend a name nor has the government attempted to appoint one. For the first time, the university has been headless though principal secretary V Nagi Reddy is the acting vice chancellor.This forced the Telangana farmer to pitch for the coveted post. Reddy is a post graduate in agriculture but settled for farming in his village. \"My rural background and farm experience are my strength,\" he told TOI from his farm in Edula Pusapalli.And this is not without a precedent, he claims. \"In 1978, a humble farmer, Jannareddy Raghottam Reddy was appointed VC. And his tenure was a glorious period in the history of the university,\" Reddy claimed.A senior agriculture official seconded Reddy. He told TOI that Raghottam Reddy revolutionized the courses. \"Earlier the B.Sc (Ag) course was completely confined to the classroom and lab. Reddy made the last one-and-half semester compulsory for field work. During that period, the students stayed in villages among farmers and acquainted themselves with farm techniques,\" the official said. Later, the farm work was incorporated in the syllabus as rural agricultural work experience (RAWE) in all agricultural institutions across the country.Citing Raghottam Reddy's experience, Satyarayana Reddy, who also comes from the same area, said a farmer alone can establish a live link between the farm and the lab.\"The normal practice of appointing great professors as vice chancellors has not improved the agriculture situation in the state. Important sectors like agriculture extension are being ignored. The university lost its contact with agriculture\" he said.Talking to TOI, acting vice chancellor Nagi Reddy said no criteria was laid down for selection of VC like other universities.The government has so far received applications from about 50 persons of which some are lecturers. \"They are inconsequential\" said Nagi Reddy. \"Because, the name should be recommended by BOM\" he said.There has been suggestion to change the recruitment procedure as per the UGC guidelines, but the state government is not ready to do that for obvious reasons.As per the existing guidelines, government can appoint anybody as VC at its will.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024814", "title": "Two more central jails to be connected with courts via video conferencing", "text": "JAIPUR: Two more central jails in the state would be connected to courts via video conferencing as the jail authorities on Tuesday got a budget of Rs 54 lakh for the logistics. Now, jail authorities are chalking out modalities to connect Ajmer and Udaipur central jail with courts via video conferencing.After the escape of Kailash Jakhar, one of the accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had constituted a four-member committee under additional chief secretary (home) Ashok Sampatram to review the security arrangements for transporting the undertrials to courts.Initially, the dreaded criminals lodged in jails would be appearing before the court via video conferencing for minor issues like extension of judicial custody but in future course the facility would be used for trial of major cases.\"The Jaipur and Jodhpur central jails already have video conferencing facility which were being used for extension of judicial custody where the court merely needs the presence of an undertrial,\" said Omendra Bhardwaj, director general, jails.On the sanctioned budget for the Ajmer and Udaipur jails, Bhardwaj, said: \"Though it takes almost Rs 40 lakh to connect a central jail with the concerned lower court, the amount of Rs 54 lakh for two jails is a bit less but we will manage.\"He said that these jails would have a dedicated room for video conferencing and that there would be a room to handle the e-presence of the undertrials in the concerned district courts.\"We have eight central jails in the state. Since video conferencing is on at Jodhpur and Jaipur jails, in the near future we will make it available at two more jails including Ajmer and Udaipur. After that we will urge the concerned authorities to release budget for rest of the four jails,\" he added.The DG (jail) has also asked the eight central jails to prepare a list of dreaded undertrials who have a history of attempting to flee while they were taken for court proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024418", "title": "Two-day-old girl\u2019s body washes ashore Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: To the shock of beach-goers, the body of a two-day-old girl, with one hand deformed, washed ashore on the Marina on Tuesday afternoon. The police have sent the body to the Government Royapettah Hospital for post-mortem.It is suspected that the baby was deliberately thrown into the sea by her parents due to the deformity in her right hand.Police said a group of locals walking on the beach around noon found something which they thought resembled a piece of wood. On approching the object, they realised it was the body of a girl and alerted the Anna Square police.Loganathan, a fisherman and one of those who first saw the body, later told TOI: \"I saw a few crows and a dog around the body. I chased away the dog and found the body was a bit swollen. One hand was shorter than the other.\"\"We checked records at the children's hospital in Egmore for information about the parents. The infant may have been born just two days ago as she was found with a part of the umbilical cord still intact. Moreover, the right hand appeared shorter than the left,\" said Anna Square inspector A C Gnanasekaran.\"We are also checking records of other private hospitals in Egmore, Triplicane and Marina. We suspect the child was thrown into the sea on Monday,\" he said. A case was registered under CrPc section 174 (suspicious death) and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028038", "title": "Resham Singh Anmol's latest single Kangna", "text": "? Kangna is Resham Singh Anmol's latest single in UK. This will be followed by his forthcoming album titled Dil Mangdi, due to release in August 2012. Resham Singh Anmol's upcoming album, showcases his talent with a variation of well-known music producers.The album has a varied flavor, which aims to please everyone, with dance floor bangers to mellow romantic tracks.Resham Singh Anmol has always been passionate about music and singing from his childhood. He started his singing career at the young age of 11, when he performed with the prominent singer Surinder Shinda for his first ever stage performance.Resham has gained vocal skills and knowledge from Late Shri Kuldeep Manak and Sardar Dev. Resham has also performed several times on stage, with the legendary Late Shri Kuldeep Manak. Resham looks up to Late Shri Kuldeep Manak as his idol; both Late Shri Kuldeep Manak and Sardar Dev 3kwala believe that Resham has the talent and capability to be a world class Panjabi singer.The renowned Honey Singh produced his first album The Beginning . It was one of the best selling album in India, for that year. The album featured a number of lyricists including Sardar Dev 3kwala, Jeet Kadhon Wala, Raj Kakra, Swarn Sivia, Daljeet Dhoorkotia and Resham Singh Anmol. R. Swami, who has very recently directed videos Amrinder Gill's latest album, directed the videos for The Beginning . T Series released this album.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023929", "title": "In the House, lamentations over two state guesthouses", "text": "PORVORIM: If Sanguem BJP MLA Subhash Phal Desai is to be believed, the government Circuit House and the government guesthouse at Altinho, Panaji, are unlivable. So dirty and dysfunctional are the rooms, that guests from other states who are housed there will carry tales that will give Goa a bad name, he said.He wasn't the only one. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar not only agreed with him, but also informed him that he had written to the secretary of the general administration department inquiring about a report of a senior GAD official stating that the guesthouses were in good condition. \"This reply is a hoax,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar also promised to clean up the guesthouses but said that action against any officers would not hurt his departments as the guesthouses were maintained by the PWD.Phal Desai's lament came during zero hour. He said he had gone to the government circuit house recently and wanted to read but even the staff could not switch on the lights of the room he was allotted. He was given another room where he sought to lie down but there were hard lumps in the pillow and the towels and bedsheets were so dirty, they looked like they were used by workers labouring in mud. There were cobwebs behind the doors and the floor had insects that must have been dead for over 15 days, Phal Desai said.He was then sent to a nearby guesthouse. But as much as he tried to fiddle with all the knobs in the bathroom, there was no hot water. The fridge gave a bad smell, had cockroaches in it but did not work. The television made a loud hissing noise but did not work. The MLA then had no option but to complain in the Assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025517", "title": "Airports Authority of India chief seeks fresh efforts to secure land for international cargo facility", "text": "PUNE: Airports Authority of India (AAI) chairman V P Agrawal has told the local AAI authorities to pursue afresh the matter of securing adequate land near Lohegaon airport to develop a dedicated air cargo facility.The project, which has been talked about for some time now, is critical to facilitate movement of international cargo from the airport. This, in turn, will offer a better prospect of drawing foreign airlines to start their flight operations from Pune.As of now, the airport handles only two international flights - to Frankfurt and Dubai . There are time-slots, particularly during the night, for more international flights to operate.The airport caters to only domestic cargo for five to six airlines, for which it has been using a facility built on a 40 sq m space near the main terminal building.All international cargo is moved through customs bonded trucks from the Inland Container Depot (ICD) at Dighi, around 15 km from the city, along Alandi Road. It goes to the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust near Mumbai.Agrawal, who also heads the all-India public sector sports control board, was in the city last Saturday to attend the board's general body meeting. He was briefed by the AAI, Pune, authorities about the issues and problems faced by the city airport.\"The chairman has asked us to pursue the matter of additional land for the cargo project with the state government,\" AAI, Pune, director PSRK Sudhakar told TOI on Monday. \"We want 10 acres of land in the vicinity of the airport for the cargo project, but there is no government land available at present,\" he said.An earlier attempt to secure an additional 8-acre plot from the ministry of defence (MoD) failed to come through as the latter turned down the proposal, which was taken up at the AAI headquarters and MoD level, he said.Securing land from private agencies is not working out for AAI, Pune, either. \"There is land near the parking slot located on the Vimannagar side, but it belongs to a private agency. We have now decided to pursue the matter of government land once again with the district collector,\" he added.\"International air cargo movement is vital for the growth of air traffic from Pune, as most airlines that have plans to or want to start operations here insist on a dedicated cargo facility for the airport,\" he said. For instance, Silk Air, a low cost carrier and subsidiary of Singapore Airlines , has been talking about starting operations from Pune, but is keen to know about the cargo facilities here, he said.There is a vast potential for international cargo movement, considering that almost 40% of the international freight moving out of the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust originates from Pune and adjoining districts.Pune airport was declared a customs airport on January 17, 1997, primarily for export of perishable agriculture produce items like flowers, fruits, vegetables and processed food. On December 9, 2005, the customs department issued another notification (No 108/2005 - Cus - N.T)allowing unloading of imported goods and loading of export goods or any class of such goods. However, all this was subject to customs clearance process at the ICD, Dighi facility instead of the airport.Cargo Stats (in metric ton)* 2010-11: 27,505 MT* 2009-10: 17,845 MT* 2008-09: 12,419 MT* 2007-08: 9,984 MT(Source: Director, AAI, Pune)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025536", "title": "Wages of midday-meal workers hiked", "text": "GURGAON: Wages of midday-meal workers in Gurgaon and other districts have been increased by the Haryana government. Chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , announced that the monthly remuneration being paid to midday-meal workers would be raised from Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,150.Thousands of women workers are engaged in Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA) of the national rural health mission in all the districts of Haryana.The decision was taken in the meeting attended by senior officials. The CM also directed the officers concerned to help pregnant midday-meal workers and retain their services. Those who perform their tasks satisfactorily would not be removed, the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15024929", "title": "Man attempts suicide, makes kids consume poison", "text": "AJMER: Thirty-eight-year-old Deepak Jatav, a resident of Gautam Nagar in Bhagwanganj, consumed poison along with his four children on Monday night.Unable to bear the expenses of his children's education, Jatav took the extreme step. All of them are admitted to JLN hospital.He was reportedly asked to pay a bribe by the school to get the transfer certificates for his children.According to police, Jatav works at cycle stands near the railway stations, and earns a measly Rs 3,000 per month.Two of his children were studying in Surya Dev School in Kesar Ganj in Classes 4 and 5. \"It was an aided school but last year the government withdrew the aid, and the school decided to close down. His children, Varsha and Ravi, had to be admitted to another school in the locality,\" a relative said.Jatav went to the school to get transfer certificates for his children. \"When I went to collect the TC, the administration asked for Rs 5,000 per TC. I was depressed as I was unable to pay such a huge amount,\" Jatav told police.He approached the school several times but to no avail. \"They (administration) were adamant. As a result, I could not send my children to school,\" he said.A worried Jatav, despite all efforts, failed to raise Rs 10,000 to get the TCs.On Monday night, he brought poison and mixed it with curd and fed it to the children at dinner. His wife was out for work. On returning, she found all of them unconscious.\"The condition of three kids has improved but one is still critical,\" the doctor said. Police have registered a case against Jatav for giving poison to his children and are probing the case.According to police, Deepak was working on a cycle stands on railway station and earns rupees three thousand per month. He was in depression as he is unable to meet out expenses of his family. \"He tried working on other places but discouraged by the work or sometimes they don't pay him on time\" said Kavita, wife of Deepak. She said that looking to the inflation there was demand of food and clothes for four children and even they wanted education. Looking to this condition Kavita also start working in households and was getting some help for the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "15025008", "title": "Forest staff capture bear after 7-hr drama", "text": "Mandya: A bear that strayed into human habitation in Chandrashekarapura village, Nagamangala taluk, was captured by forest officials on Tuesday.According to the officials, the adult bear strayed into the area from a nearby forest early in the morning. The villagers immediately informed the forest officers who rushed to the village with the equipment to capture the animal.The bear managed several slips before it was caught. However, few minutes later the bear freed itself, only to be captured in a cage once again. The operation lasted for around seven hours.The bear will be released into the wild, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15023788", "title": "Integrated Counselling and Treatment Centre detects 8 new HIV cases in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: Integrated Counselling and Treatment Centre (ICTC) has detected eight new cases of HIV/Aids in the district. Of the total 2968 persons examined, 8 persons were found to be HIV positive.According to ICTC records, from 2006 till date, a total of 60 persons, including 27 female, 29 male and four children have been detected with the deadly disease. In 2006, 247 persons were examined and four tested positive, 11 persons of 577 in 2007 were found to be infected with the virus, six persons of 1307 tested positive in 2008, six persons in 2009, 16 persons in 2010 and nine persons in 2011, tested positive.\"Once HIV positive cases are diagnosed, they are referred to ICTC section of RIMS, Ranchi for treatment,\" said Gumla ICTC in-charge JP Sanga, who works as assistant chief medical officer with Gumla Sadar Hospital.Sanga pointed out that a section of people leaves home to do job including domestic aids elsewhere. They are usually the ones to contract the disease and pass it on to the children.According to ICTC records, from 2006 till date, 60 persons, including 27 female, 29 male and four children have been detected with the deadly disease", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15027761", "title": "Disgraced Butt hails Indo-Pak cricket ties revival", "text": "LAHORE: He would not be a part of it but Pakistan's disgraced former captain Salman Butt is delighted that bilateral cricket ties with India would be revived with the limited-overs series in December.Butt, who is serving a five-year ICC ban for spot-fixing and returned home recently after serving a jail sentence in the United Kingdom , said he was happy to hear that India have invited Pakistan for a one-day and Twenty20 series in December.\"It is indeed good news but given that we are playing a bilateral series after five years efforts should have been made to also have a Test in the series because the significance of a Test match is very different from one-dayers or T20 matches,\" Butt said.The former Test opener said it was now up to the Pakistan Cricket Board to play their cards right and get a commitment from India to send the team here sometime next year.\"Definitely a bilateral series is only possible because the governments support this concept now. But the PCB after sending its team to India should now try to get a commitment from the Indian board for a return tour next year,\" Butt said.\"We have been deprived of international cricket at home for the last three years and I don't blame the PCB for this. Because it is the government's duty to guarantee security of touring teams and without their assurance no team will come to Pakistan including India,\" he added.Meanwhile, cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan has also hailed the revival of the bilateral ties insisting that Indo-Pak rivalry in cricket was good for the sport.\"As a former player and politician I say any steps taken by both governments that can encourage more dialogues between both countries and increase people to people level contact is good for Indo-Pak relations,\" Imran said.India have also invited Pakistan's domestic Twenty20 champions Sialkot Stallions for the Champions League to be held in South Africa this year.Imran said he had always said Indo-Pak cricket was good for the sport as it is one of the greatest rivalries.\"When Pakistan and India play against each other it is good for the sport as millions follow the matches across the world and this is good advertisement for cricket,\" he said.\"I always enjoyed the matches against India and this special tension as it brought out the best in the players of both sides. The team that keeps it nerves always wins in such contests,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024956", "title": "AMC demolition in the House of MG premise", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of officials of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and the police department carried out a demolition of a room which was 'illegally constructed' in the campus of House of MG at Lal Darwaja.However, Abhay Mangaldas said that the method of demolition was not appropriate. \"The issue could have been handled sensitively by the corporation. The way the teams were sent for the demolition was unwarranted. What is bothering us more is that there are no clear guidelines either with the corporation or with the state heritage committee,\" said Mangaldas.He said that he even spoke to the municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra and the demolition was then stalled later in the afternoon.However, deputy municipal commissioner I K Patel when contacted said that there was a extension of a new room in the margin space. Notices were issued in September and finally the demolition was carried out on Tuesday.Mangaldas said that a letter was sent for repairs to the corporation, but there was lack of policy in the corporation and hence it was sent to the heritage cell of the AMC. \"Because of lack of guidelines and policy, the same was sent to the heritage committee of the state government,\" said Mangaldas.\"We wanted to carry out proper repairs and hence in absence of the policy there was no decision. It was on September 8, the AMC issued them the notice asking for clarification as to why the unauthorized structure should not be demolished,\" he said.Once the notice was received a reply was sent to the corporation who sent a second notice asking to demolish the unauthorized structure. The corporation while issuing the final demolition notice, sent a day after, stated that the reply was not satisfactory.This according to Mangaldas was motivated. He said on Tuesday a team of 80 officials and staffers rushed to the campus and began the demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027510", "title": "Aakashathinte Niram is releasing on 20th July", "text": "The film 'Aakashathinte Niram' is releasing on July 20. It is a different film which is based on the concept of sea,land and sky.Indrajith,Prithviraj,Nedumudi Venu, Indrans, Anoop Chandran,Sreeraman,C.J. Kuttappan, Amala Paul and Master Govind are the stars of the movie. The script and direction of the film is by Dr.Biju. Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025490", "title": "'Tick infestation in snakes prevalent in state'", "text": "PUNE: In order to study the infestation of ticks in different species of wild snakes found in western Maharashtra and Karnataka, city-based non-governmental organization ELA Foundation and the National Institute of Virology (NIV) have studied more than 150 snakes of 30 species over a period of a year.Among other things, the study found there was a prevalence of cross-infection of ticks between snakes and cattle. This could be significant as it can be used to investigate whether ticks on snakes can carry infections that can be transmitted to humans, since hard ticks have known to be important vectors of many viral, bacterial, and protozoal diseases of humans and domestic animals.Documentation of tick infestation in snakes is rare in India, hence the study, which has been published in the Journal of Medical Entomology.The study was conducted in the northern part of the western ghats area including Pune, Saswad, Lonavla, Jejuri, Tamhini, Shirwal, Amboli, Bhimashankar, Badalapur and Kas in Maharashtra and Agumbe in Karnataka. Habitats, including evergreen, semi-evergreen and dry deciduous forests, scrubland, and agricultural and human habitations were covered.\"The study was intended to generate a baseline data of tick infestation in snakes. Previous studies on tick infestation in reptiles are from the monitor lizard and the Indian rat snake. This is the first time that extensive surveillance has been carried out in India. Only two species, the Indian rat snake and the spectacled cobra, were found to be positive for tick infestation in this study,\" said Satish Pande from Ela Foundation.Pande said the research can help in further study, focusing on whether these ticks can be the source of possible health hazards to humans. \"There are lots of diseases that are tick-borne. Also, there are many viral infections, like Kyasanur forest disease (KFD), a tick-borne viral hemorrhagic fever endemic to South Asia , that are transmitted to humans by the bites of ticks on reptiles. Since snakes are regularly encountered around human habitation, documentation of the kind of ticks that infest snakes was necessary. Snakes are rescued by conservation-conscious snake catchers and released back into the wild. These people as well as those staying in the environments where there are snakes are more likely to be exposed to such hazards,\" said Pande.Amblyomma gervaisi, the tick that was found in both snake species, is also commonly found in cattle. \"A couple of specimens (snakes) that were infested had entered into a cattleshed. This resulted in cross-infection, in which the cattle infected the snakes. Thus, it is likely that some of the species of ticks common in snakes may also be infesting cattle. The next step is to study if at all these ticks carry infections that can be transmitted to humans (zoonotic diseases),\" added Pande.All ticks were found on the dorsal aspect of the body of the snakes, while two ticks were present on the hood of a spectacled cobra. \"The maximal infection was recorded on the snakes collected in scrublands. Snakes collected from urban areas were infested too. Also, the prevalence of ticks in female Indian rat snakes was found to be significantly higher than that of male Indian rat snakes,\" he said.Pranav Pandit, Ruta Bandivdekar, G Geevarghese, and Omkar Mandke were other researchers and co-authors of this research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024413", "title": "Forest guards evict canoodling couple", "text": "BANGALORE: The lure of Bannerghatta appears to defy common sense. A day after forest and police personnel found the body of trekker Satwik Shastri in Bannerghatta Biological Park, a couple was found in a compromising position in the forest on Tuesday morning.The unidentified man and woman were in a car at Ragihalli, where Satwik and his two friends had started their ill-fated trek on Saturday. According to N Devaraj, divisional forest officer, the guards spotted a car on a hilltop near Ragihalli around 5.30am and found the couple in it. \"The man started fighting with guards when they asked them to leave. Finally, we had to take them out of the forest and hand them over to police,\" said Devaraj.The officer did not divulge the names of man and woman. He said the forest department had not pressed charges as it was a police case. Bannerghatta police officers declined to confirm the incident. They said no case of trespass had been registered.D Prakash, superintendent of police, Bangalore Rural, said: \"If any detention has taken place in the forest the responsibility of booking a case is with the forest department, not the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023942", "title": "Tejas fighter jet won't be combat-ready before 2015", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the US is fast-developing hypersonic bombers capable of flying at 20 times the speed of sound, India's largely home-grown Tejas light combat aircraft will \"not be ready to go to war\" anytime before 2015.The latest assessment of Tejas, which has now clocked close to 2,000 flights in its almost three-decade-long developmental saga, holds the light-weight fighter will be capable of firing guns, rockets and BVR (beyond visual range) missiles as well as air-to-air refuelling only by 2015 at the earliest, say defence ministry sources.That is when the single-engine Tejas will become fully combat-ready after getting the final operational clearance (FOC). The review suggests that the fighter is again headed to miss a deadline in its convoluted tale that began in 1983 as an endeavour to replace the ageing MiG-21s.So far, Tejas has achieved only initial operational clearance-I (IOC-I) to certify it's airworthiness. \"The IOC-II for the fighter, which also includes integration of some weapons like laser-guided bombs, was pushed back to December 2012. But now, it will only be possible by July, 2013, or so after over 200 more sorties. FOC will come only two years after that,\" said a source.India will eventually spend over Rs 25,000 crore in the entire Tejas programme, including the naval variant and trainer as well as the failed Kaveri engine, as earlier reported by TOI. But more than the cost, it's the time taken to develop a fully-tested, weapons-ready fighter that underlines how critical defence projects should not be run.While it is true that developing a supersonic fly-by-wire fighter from scratch was never going to be easy, the entire project could have been managed much better. IAF, on its part, is supporting the fighter programme since it knows the country's need to have indigenous weapon systems is strategically critical.Plans are underway to upgrade the Sulur airbase in Tamil Nadu, which will house the initial Tejas squadrons inducted in the IOC-II configuration, at a cost of Rs 524 crore. While the first 20 Tejas will be powered by the American GE-404 engines, the next six Mark-II squadrons (16-18 jets in each) will have the more powerful GE F-414 engines. The $822-million deal for 99 GE F-414 engines is likely to be inked soon, with additional engines being ordered at a later stage.The number of fighter squadrons in IAF will further dip to 31 over the next three to four years with phasing out of the aging MiG variants, further impacting IAF's combat capabilities, before it slowly begins to pick up with new inductions. Projections show IAF will have the required 45 squadrons only by 2032.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028119", "title": "Sage Stallone's mom suspects painkiller overdose after 'dental surgery'", "text": "Sylvester Stallone's former wife Sasha Czack has said that her son Sage suffered from excruciating pain after having dental surgery weeks before his death - and was likely taking powerful painkillers.36-year-old Sage had five teeth pulled two weeks before he was found dead in his Los Angeles home, heartbroken mum Czack said in her first public comments about the tragedy.She said she warned him against the procedure, but he went ahead with it anyway.\"I told him not to do that. I've heard about people dying having multiple procedures done to your mouth. Do not have more than one tooth [pulled],\" she told the New York Post .When asked if her son was on painkillers after the procedure, Czack said, \"Wouldn't you be?\"Investigators said that Sage's death might have been a result of an accidental overdose, although the medical examiner hasn't made a determination yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025283", "title": "Pratap Prabhakar Kakade was made a scapegoat, wife tells district court", "text": "PUNE: Police sub inspector Pratap Prabhakar Kakade (39), an accused in the multi-crore fake stamp paper scam who died a mysterious death in Yerawada central jail, was made a scapegoat because of the mistakes made by his superiors, Kakde's wife Snehal (37) told the district and sessions court here on the first day of hearing on Tuesday.The trial in Kakade's case began against the jail's suspended chief medical officer Mukhtar Shaikh and five jail guards who were chargesheeted under section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the Indian Penal Code before the additional sessions judge Sadhana Shinde, seven years after his death.Snehal, who was examined by the additional public prosecutor Asif Basit, told the judge that during one of her visit's to the jail, her husband had complained of physical and mental harassment meted to him by his seniors who were also lodged in the same jail.The victim's wife deposed that Kakade had informed him that he was falsely implicated in the scam and that he had made up his mind to submit proof about his innocence to the court if he was released on bail, but the co-suspects in the scam had got a wind of his plans.Snehal deposed that Kakade was subjected to severe harassment after he had filed a bail plea before the special court under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act on October 1, 2004. Kakade had also complained of harassment in the letters sent to her.According to Snehal, when the scam was at its peak, the disbanded special investigation team, which had taken over the probe from the Bund Garden police station, had arrested Kakade on October 18, 2003 for not seizing the machine used for printing fake stamps and stamp papers when he was posted at Nalasapora police station in Thane district.She recalled that because of the reliable information received by Kakade prior to his arrest, he and his senior Gokul Patil had seized stamps worth crores of rupees. The SIT had also arrested Patil.The prosecution filed a plea to prove letters before the court. The defence lawyer Milind Pawar sought time to reply to the plea and the hearing was deferred till August 3.Kakade had died following a cardiac arrest in jail on February 23, 2005. He was proclaimed dead on arrival at the Sassoon hospital at 2.30 am. The post-mortem report had revealed that he had suffered multiple injuries on the neck and chest.His wife had in a complaint plea filed at the Yerawada police station demanded that a murder case be registered against those responsible for his death. The state government had later transferred the investigations to the criminal investigation department, Pune, leading to the arrest of Shaikh and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15023666", "title": "Sewer alignment to be changed for Metro", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority CEO on Tuesday instructed the water works department to rework the alignment of the sewer line running between the crossings of Sectors 71 and 62, which had been posing an obstruction to the expansion of the Metro line. The amended layout plan will then be sent to the DMRC to incorporate in the detailed project report.The instruction was given as a part a meeting between the Authority and the DMRC held every Tuesday of the month to keep the Metro route extensions between Kalindi Kunj-Botanical Garden and Sector 32-Sector 62(NH-24) on the fast track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027685", "title": "Monsoon bash for the wives of army officers", "text": "The celebration of the onset of the monsoons couldn't have been more stylish than this. The ladies' meet organized by the wives of army officers in Cantt on Monday evening had the women turn up in their festive best. Vying for the title of the 'Saawan Queen', the women had taken even more care to deck up in all their finery.No Protocol Here, Just A Lot Of Fun: The chief guest Neena Chait arrived promptly on time and the evening began by welcoming Meena Misra, the wife of the new Chief Of Staff of Central Command. A beautifully decked up stage, with a jhoola then became the centre of attraction as the game of guessing songs began. The guests were required to guess the original Hindi song from their English translated version in the first game. Women were seen nudging and asking each other to guess which Hindi songs were \"Pitter Patter Falls The Monsoon\" or \"The Whole Life I'll Never Forget That Rainy Night\". Then it was time for a round of tambola, again with a twist. The chits had synonyms and names of things associated with monsoon instead of numbers, which everyone thoroughly enjoyed.And here comes the queen! Finally the moment arrived which the ladies had eagerly been waiting for. The time to choose the Saawan Queen . With nearly a dozen participants, the competition did get tough for the judges. Finally they zeroed in on Rachna Verma, Anjo Pannu and Ritu who were crowned the winners. The competition was followed by some gup-shup over high tea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024937", "title": "Drawn by shallow waters, flamingos arrive early", "text": "AHMEDABAD: These migratory birds seem to have permanently migrated to Gujarat. Greater and Lesser Flamingos, which normally touch down at Nalsarovar in December, have made a rather early entry this year.The huge lake is at present awash with red and resounding with calls of about 8,000 Greater Flamingos. In sharp contrast, the January 2012 census had shown a population of only four Greater Flamingos at Nalsarovar.Forest department officials say that the birds have come to Nalsarovar despite the rainy season because the water is shallow owing to deficient rain. Their appearance was an indication that they were living nearby and had not gone back to their home in Siberia.P D Patel, the deputy conservator of forests, Nalsarovar, says: \"Currently, the depth of water at Nalsarovar is just one-and-half feet to two feet. This makes the lake hospitable for the migratory birds.\" Patel said 3,500 to 4,000 Greater Flamingos could be seen from the banks.Patel said a majority of the birds had made nearby lakes and ponds their home and when water receded in these lakes and at the Vadla dam, the birds returned to Nalsarovar Lake. \"If the water level at Nalsarovar is right for them, they stay back,\" he said. \"This year, because of the delay and deficit in rains, there has been virtually no inflow of water into the lake and hence the birds are seen in large numbers.\"B R Parasaria, an ornithologist associated with Anand Agriculture University, said the flamingos had made the Indian subcontinent their home. These birds nest in various parts of Kutch. Parasaria said the birds were now coming back to Nalsarovar.Kandarp Kathju, another ornithologist, said: \"Because of the low water level, food is easily available. These birds are the resident species. Like flamingos, Ruff birds leave the shores of Gujarat only in May and return in July. Yet they are classified as migratory birds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15024959", "title": "Fight over borrowed money ends in villager\u2019s murder", "text": "Mysore: A fight over money ended in the death of a 55-year-old man at Seerenahalli in Hunsur taluk on Monday. The deceased is Mahadevachari, a resident of Heerekyatanahalli. According to police, two years ago, villager Hebburegowda borrowed Rs 40,000 from Mahadevachari without any documents. When Mahadevachari recently demanded the money back, Hebburegowda promised him land saying he did not have money. They agreed to meet the following day to settle the issue. However, on the same day Hebburgowda's sons abused Mahadevachari's children. Angry over the incident, Mahadevachari and his wife Nanjamma went to Hebburegowda's house around 8.30pm on Monday and started quarrelling. In a fit of rage, Hebburegowda hit Mahadevachari who died on the spot. Hunsur police have registered a murder case against Hebburegowda, his wife Parvathamma, sons Yogiraj and Goviraj. All the accused are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025661", "title": "Long march draws to end, Kanwarias tired &amp; happy, commuters relieved", "text": "GURGAON: Every year, hundreds of people from the state go for the Kanwar yatra to pay homage to Lord Shiva. Some of these devotees have undertaken this journey for several consecutive years. Mahinder Saini, for instance, has gone on this trek eight times now. This time, he trekked till Rishikesh. Forty-eight years old, he works as security guard in Sector 31 in Gurgaon. He claims that the authorities are very flexible and liberal regarding such religious expeditions. \"I am married with a child and next year, we are hoping that all of us embark upon the journey together,\" Saini said.He added that unlike earlier, he needs to be better prepared when he takes on these arduous journeys as he is becoming old. \"This time, I carried a first aid box that contained all essential medicines, crepe bandages, antiseptics and disinfectants. Apart from that, I took a pair of shoes, two pair of clothings and a rain coat,\" Saini added. Next year, he hopes to fetch holy water right from the Glacier, with his family.For 42 -year-old Ashok Shama, this was his third year of journey and each time he went to Gomukh, covering 452km from Silokra village. He took 15 days leave from his job to complete the journey. \"I carried a waterproof backpack with two pair of shoes, mosquito repellents, rain coat and some warm clothing. I fed on fruits all throughout the journey,\" said Ashok.Vinod Sharma, 35, went all the way to Gomukh second time now.Cousin of Ashok, he is also a resident of Silokra village. A property dealer by profession, he is a devout follower of Shiva. Even though he reached Rishikesh on a truck carrying Kanwars, he completed the rest of the journey to Gomukh on foot. \"I carried three dozens of bananas with me in my backpack as they provide energy. I also took a photo of my wife on the journey but left the mobile phone back home,\" said Vinod, adding that he plans to go for the kanwar yatra for next five years at least.While most of the devotees are experienced kanwarias, there were some who undertook the journey the first time. Neeraj Sharma, a B-Tech student embarked on this holy journey for the very first time. \"My holidays are on and my uncle was going for the yatra. It was then that I thought of exploring my spiritual self. Staying at the shelters with people from varied backgrounds from all over the country was the best part of this experience,\" said Neeraj. Even though he has developed severe blisters on his feet, Neeraj said that he plans to undergo this experience again next year.A Delhi-Gurgaon commuter, Shashank Ghosh, said that the past few days have been horrible on the expressway and that he is happy that the ordeal is about to be over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15025377", "title": "Unfair to link disputes with wedding: Jung", "text": "BHOPAL: \"It's not fair to link Saif bhai's marriage to other disputes,\" says Faiz Bin Jung, clarifying his stand on the marriage of his cousin Saif Ali Khan with bollywood star Kareena Kapoor . Jung was speaking in the backdrop of the recent statement of the custodian and management of the royal wakf properties belonging to the erstwhile Bhopal state.Maintaining that property disputes are a private matter of the Pataudi family, Jung told TOI, \"It's a marriage between two people and it should not affect anybody else. However, the auqaf-e-shahi (royal wakf properties) affects the people of Bhopal.\" Jung is the son of Tiger Pataudi's elder sister Saleha Sultan.\"It's in the Wakf Act, the custodian should be a Muslim. It's nothing new,\" said Jung. The Pataudi family is locked in a feud over properties spread over 2,000 acres. \"If some people want to create mischief by misinterpreting my views, I cannot help,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15024952", "title": "Saimer speaker seeks help to save his language", "text": "Mysore: \"My mother tongue is almost extinct. Please support us to preserve our language...\" These words of Sukurthang Saimar, the oldest Saimar speaker from Tripura, were a reminder to many dying languages and cultures. Saimar is one among many such languages which is on the verge of extinction. He was in the city to receive honour from the Central Institute of Indian Language (CIIL) on the occasion of its 44th Foundation Day celebrations. Sukurthang, a septuagenarian, and one among four speakers in Saimar, was felicitated by the CIIL authorities during the inauguration of the three-day celebration on its premises on Tuesday. According to CIIL, there are only four speakers of this language now. In 2009, there were 25 and it dwindled to just four due to influence of other tribal languages. Nandakumar attributed the decrease in the number of Saimar speakers due to lack of male population in the community. Sukurthang's family had only single male child in each generation and over the years the numbers of speakers have come down. They discovered the tribe group only a year ago. Today, only Sukurthang, his wife, niece and grandson speak this language while his son has relocated to Mumbai, he says. CIIL director S N Burman, former founder director D P Pattanayak and former directors O N Koul and E Annamalai were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024886", "title": "Kahin khushi, kahin gham", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The delayed onset of monsoon and the deficit in rains have adversely affected the state's agricultural output this year. A senior government official says that sowing this year has been 36% less compared to the previous year. The total sowing in the state has accounted for just 31% of the 87.98 lakh hectares (ha) of land under cultivation.While over the past week sowing operations have picked up because of relatively better rains, it is unlikely that the push will substantially improve farm production.The latest figures of sowing operations in the state released on Tuesday revealed that as against 43.36 lakh (ha) brought under cultivation till July 16 last year, only 27.82 lakh ha have been covered this year. On July 09, the figure was 16.02 lakh ha.Officials said that farmers might shift to groundnut because of better groundnut oil prices, but once again it was cotton which has been topping the sowing chart in the state.Officials said that groundnut sowing was in just 42% of the area earmarked for it. Groundnut sowing takes place across 15.88 lakh ha, but only 6.66 lakh ha have been sown. Last year, groundnut sowing till July 16 covered 11.15 lakh ha.Even the office-bearers of Central Organization for Oil Industry and Trade have expressed concern about the deficit in rains. According to them, the truant monsoon will hit oilseeds sowing in Gujarat, a major producer. Around 40% of groundnut sowing has taken place so far. And now it is late for any remedial action.There has been a drastic fall in cotton sowing as well. Of the 20.12 lakh ha area for cotton cultivation, only 13.39 lakh ha have been sown. Gujarat accounts for one-third of the country's cotton production.Officials said that there has also been a fall in the area brought under cultivation for two other major oilseeds - castor and soyaben.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "15023971", "title": "Houses washed away due to erosion", "text": "DARBHANGA: Swollen Bagmati river on Monday washed off nine houses of Sahni Tola at village Naiyam under Hanumannagar block of this district and other houses of the village are also under threat. Houses of Shukan Sahni, Magnu Sahni, Sanichar Sahni, Asharfi Sahni, Rambriksh Sahni and four others have been drowned by the Bagmati flood water.Villagers are apprehensive that if anti-erosion work is not started immediately, then most of the houses of this village may be washed out by the river. On getting information from the mukhiya, Kiran Rai, circle officer of the block, Ambika Prasad, inspected the erosion site on Monday and informed the Darbhanga flood-division and the district disaster management department. CO Prasad informed the villagers that very soon anti-erosion work will start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023668", "title": "Nigerian held with heroin", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Nigerian was arrested for possessing 2.5kg heroin worth around Rs 2.5 crore in the international market, police said. His accomplice is yet to be nabbed.Edwin Ndubusi (35) was picked up from Shivaji Marg on Monday after a tip-off, Sanjay Kumar Jain, deputy commissioner of police (crime), said. Ndubusi told police that after dropping out of school, he started helping his father in farming. \"After the death of his father, he came to India on a business visa last year. He was staying in Dwarka since then.He wanted to export auto parts and hosiery items but his business never took off. Six months ago, Ndubusi befriended another Nigerian, Richard, in Uttam Nagar who lured him into drug trafficking,\" Jain said.Efforts are on to trace Richard and his other clients. Officials say that he chose the place of worship to deliver drugs to clients to evade police arrest. Subsequently, he used to tell his associates not to disclose their address to any customer.Officials added they have arrested a large number of Nigerians this year who were involved in drug trafficking. and most of them procure drugs from Punjab and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025121", "title": "'Vote of conscience' is Sangma's only hope", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Trinamool Congress chief Mamata ultimately agreeing to support Pranab Mukherjee , the race to Raiseena Hills seems to be all but over. But, no one can deny PA Sangma the credit of making the run-up to the July 19 Presidential poll one of the most interesting ones since 1969.Another thing common between the 1969 and 2012 poll is the talk about the 'vote of conscience'. Since the Presidential elections are not contested on party lines, nor a party can issue whip for its members, the voters are free to cast their support the candidate of their choice. In the 1969 Presidential elections, in an attempt to check intense factionalism within the Congress Party, the then prime minister Indira Gandhi appealed to the MPs and legislators to support Independent candidate VV Giri against the party's official candidate Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy. Her appeal came just two days before the Presidential election. VV Giri with 4,20,077 votes defeated Reddy who got 4,05,427 votes.Sangma, who was in Lucknow recently to solicit support for himself, has also appealed to the voters' conscience. He asked the members of the electoral college from the state to vote on conscience and not on the partylines. Sangma said since the Presidential election was neither contested on party lines nor on the basis of caste, no party can issue whip for it. And even if a whip is issued, the members have the right to vote as per their conscience, he added.Another thing that he mentioned was that several SP and BSP MLAs were in touch with him and many of them would vote on conscience. State BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi, agreeing with Sangma, said vote on conscience will come into play this time, too. In fact, he also appealed to the non-BJP legislators that they should use their conscience before voting. Besides, he said, Sangma was a nationalist leader and a suitable candidate who can represent tribals at the highest Constitutional office of the country.One factor, however, that separates the 1969 and 2012 election is that while it's a direct fight between ruling alliance and the opposition this time, in 1969, it was Congress's inner squabble that forced Indira Gandhi to ask electors to vote on conscience. Still, Sangma is hopeful that legislators from parties like SP and BSP will defy their party line to support him. Vote of conscience, after all, is his only hope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028194", "title": "Are dumb blondes dying out?", "text": "Latest research shows women have higher IQ than men. Thumbs up or dumbs down? We check outThe story goes that Britney Spears was giving this interview, where a reporter was making her talk on all sorts of 'important' issues. She had already spoken on global warming and the Iraq war , when the reporter asked her, \"So Britney, what do you think about capital punishment?\" Britney blinked and shot back: \"I am for the death penalty. Who commits terrible acts must get a fitting punishment. That way he learns the lesson for the next time.\" So there.This anecdote may or may not be true. But dumb blonde jokes which have been around since, well, blondes may soon get a quiet burial along with the stereotype. For, latest research shows that for the first time in history, women have shown higher IQ than men. James Flynn, a New Zealand - based researcher and an IQ test expert, has declared that women have pulled ahead of men on IQ benchmarks in his latest tests. \"Over the last 100 years, everyone in the developing world has been gaining IQ, but women have been gaining faster.... This is a result of modernity ,\" he has been quoted as saying. Which obviously means smarter, sassier women. You could say they're wearing the pants.Where that leaves dumb blonde stereotypes and jokes is an open question. On screen , it's an image carefully cultivated by the likes of Jean Harlow and perfected by Marilyn Monroe in \"Gentlemen Prefer Blondes\" (1953) as Lorelei Lee, the romantic, swooning, diamondloving damsel who fired a million alpha male dreams. But there's more to it, as Lorelei says in the film: \"I can be smart when it's important, but most men don't like it.\" Over the years, it's an image that's stuck \u2014 by chance, luck or design \u2014 to many pin-up queens: from Brigitte Bardot and Pamela Anderson to Paris Hilton and Britney Spears.Back home, it's yet to be seen how patriarchal Indian society \u2014 with it's khap panchayats and public stripping of women \u2014 will negotiate this change of order. The goongi gudiyas may yet fight back. Because there's more to a woman than her hair colour. As Dolly Parton , dumb blonde par excellence, once said, she's not dumb. And she definitely ain't blonde.Painting the online world blond!-Jessica Simpson shared her thoughts with the US President on a visit to the White House: \"I love what you've done with the place!\"-Alicia Douvall on surgery: \"I know it (plastic surgeries) will kill me. But I'd rather die trying to sort things out.\"-Christina Aguilera needs a lesson in geography after asking: \"So where's the Cannes film festival being held this year?\"-Brooke Shields on her campaign against smoking: \"Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.\"-Sam Fox on fitness clothes: \"I've got 10 pairs of training shoes \u2014 one for every day of the week.\"-Blonde bombshell Pamela Anderson on her secret to success: \"I don't think about anything too much. If I think too much, it kind of freaks me out!\"-Singer Mariah Carey on the death of the King of Jordan: \"I loved Jordan . He was one of the greatest athletes of our time.\"-Cameron Diaz takes her science seriously: \"I've been noticing gravity since I was very young.\"-Paris Hilton, who once asked: \" Wal-Mart ... do they like, make walls there?\"-Britney Spears shares her view on Japan: \"I've never really wanted to go to Japan. Simply because I don't like eating fish. And I know that's very popular out there in Africa.\"Celebs give a dumbs upAlyque Padamsee, AdmanI have always felt that dumb blonde jokes were told by dumb, dumb men. Women have always been smarter than men. The only thing that doesn't work in their favour is the emotional streak in women. They are known to lose their cool easily. While Pamela Anderson gets my vote for being the dumbest blonde ever, Marilyn Monroe is the smartest blonde according to me.Shekhar Suman , Actor-anchorPeople who have conducted such a test must be having very low IQ. Women have always been very intelligent. About dumb blonde jokes, they've been there since time immemorial and will be there in full flourish in times to come. I'm sure blondes are intelligent enough not to mind that. Talking about the iconic blonde, I think it's Marilyn Monroe. After all, she had the US President tied around her li'l finger.Cyrus Sahukar, VJI do not know about the IQ bit, but multi-tasking has always been up women's street. Blonde jokes have been done to death and they got outdated by 1970s. About blondes, I can't help but be a little confused, thanks to the incredible range of hair colour available in the market. I know brunettes who are blondes and blondes who have red heads! The iconic blonde award, however, must go to Marilyn Monroe.Prahlad Kakar, AdmanFifteen years back, I realized that women have more IQ. That's why my office is run by women. In an urban situation, where there's a strong support system, women manage to remain a picture of calm. But under stress , if men take to drinking, women surrender to shrinks! Coming to blondes, I've seen black-haired women who deliberately dumb themselves down so that they don't intimidate smart men. It's a similar situation when women fake orgasms in marriages to make them tick. There are also certain situations that women like to avoid, like escorting men to parties at night or doing carpentry at home. But men, despite the menace they make, also turn out to be great cooks when they enter the kitchen. Men who survive women bosses in offices, emerge the strongest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15025606", "title": "Health department told to submit report on tackling dengue", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has directed the principal secretary, Union health department, to file a report before it regarding the action taken by the Central government in controlling dengue fever in the state. The court gave the directive on a public interest litigation (PIL), filed to direct the health department to take immediate action to prevent the spreading of the deadly menace in the southern districts.A division bench, comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice G M Akbar Ali, directed the principal secretary, the third respondent in the PIL filed by R Alagumani, to submit the report in 10 days. \"The Union government has duty to provide sufficient funds to the government of Tamil Nadu and send expert team with medicine and other infrastructure to prevent dengue in the state. But it is continuously maintaining a step-motherly attitude towards Tamil people and even failed to provide any assistance to the dengue victims,\" said R Alagumani, the petitioner, adding that at least 30 people have died in the state due to dengue.The southern districts - particularly Tirunelveli, Kanyakumari, Virudhunagar, Madurai and Tuticorin - are the worst-hit areas. \"The state government should provide adequate infrastructure to all primary health centres and government hospitals to diagnose and give best treatment to the affected persons as well as suspected ones. A nodal officer should be appointed to coordinate with all the departments to curb dengue in the southern districts,\" he said.The petitioner said that when he visited the Tirunelveli Medial College hospital, he realised how bad the situation was.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15024512", "title": "Cops go slow in case of woman raped, left for dead", "text": "BHANDARA: A young lady was raped, her head smashed with a stone, and left for dead by the rapist and his accomplices in November 2011. Nine months later, police stations at Bhandara and Wadsa are yet to register any offence in the case, since the woman has lost her mental balance due to the head injury and presently she is being treated at the Government Medical College and Hospital, Nagpur.Deepika Landge (name changed), from village Kanheri (taluka Lakhani), had on November 15, 2011, started for village Palandur to visit a relative. One Dinesh Thalal met her on the way and said her sister had taken ill and admitted to the hospital. Deepika went with him, and he and his accomplices raped her near Vihirgaon forest. They then hit her on the head with stones and left her lying in a pool of blood. Some shepherds found her and took her home.She was taken to Bhandara government general hospital and then referred to Government Medical College and Hospital at Nagpur. There, the accused assured to marry her and bear expenses of her treatment, if she did not complain to the police. Now, Thalal is neither meeting them nor paying for treatment.Later, Deepika lodged a complaint at Wadsa police station, but the cops are not taking any action. Deepika complaint to the women's help centre at Bhandara led to some action. Additional SP of Bhandara Vasant Jadhao said an application has been sent to ASP Sakoli, who will investigate the matter and submit a report so the accused are booked and put behind bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15027500", "title": "PCB wants revenue share in Indo-Pak December series", "text": "LAHORE: The much-anticipated Indo-Pak limited-overs series in December could face problems getting off the ground as the Pakistan Cricket Board is determined to get a share of the revenues generated from the matches.A PCB official said that the board would soon take up the issue of revenue sharing with BCCI when discussions are held to work out modalities for the series planned in India.The BCCI has officially invited Pakistan for the series of three ODIs and two Twenty20 matches in December but dates and venues are yet to be finalised between the two boards.It will be the first bilateral series between both countries since 2007 when Pakistan toured India.\"The situation is that if the BCCI does not agree to a revenue sharing formula we end up losers and gain nothing financially from this series,\" the official said.He said till, now the BCCI had not given any commitment to even tour Pakistan or play a Pakistan \"home\" series at any neutral venue.\"As things stand they say they will send their team to Pakistan when the security situation improves and that means no set deadline. They have also said they don't want to play us any neutral venues,\" the official noted.\"It is a positive thing they have invited us but unless there is some revenue sharing formula agreed upon we gain nothing from the series,\" he said.The official pointed out that India are yet to compensate Pakistan for a previous cancelled tour.\"They didn't come because the Mumbai incident had happened but after that also they have not responded to our proposals of giving us matches at neutral venues so that we can recoup some of our losses from that 2009 tour,\" the official said.The official said while PCB chairman Zaka Ashraf was very keen to see the revival of bilateral ties with India but he was also firm that Pakistan needed to gain something out of the series for itself.\"We need to gain something financially from the series or get a firm and written commitment from India to play us in a 'home series' at a neutral venue of our choice,\" he said.He said the two boards would soon start discussing the modalities of the planned series.\"Until that time we are committed to touring India but we also have to look at what we gain in the long run because we are not hosting international teams since 2009 and we are facing financial issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023305", "title": "26/11 hero cop will now be part of ATS", "text": "MUMBAI: State home minister RR Patil on Tuesday moved police constable Arun Jadhav, the lone surviving member of the jeep that was sprayed with bullets by terrorist Ajmal Kasab on 26/11, to the anti-terrorism squad (ATS).The announcement was made in the legislative council following protests by legislators over Jadhav's duty at the state legislature's ongoing monsoon session. Jadhav was posted at the local arms division of Naigaon police\"This is a shame that a person who brought glory to the state... and the police force is put on a punishment posting. Here, he is just being made to salute the ministers,\" said NCP legislator Kiran Pawaskar. Others added that Jadhav was a recipient of the President's award and deserved better.Jadhav, who is posted at the local arms division of Naigaon police, was temporarily put on session duty.Jadhav had survived the attack which had claimed livves of ATS chief Hemant Karkare , encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar and additional commissioner Ashok Kamte. Patil, however, clarified that his posting at the Mantralya was not a punishment and he would personally look into the complaint. Later in the day, sources said, Patil called Jadhav asking for his preference. On being told he would like to be posted at the ATS, Patil made the necessary arrangement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025626", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon meeting to be held after three months", "text": "GURGAON: After a long gap of three months, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) is to hold its mandatory monthly meeting on July 23. However, as has been the case for the past one year, there are hardly any new items on the agenda for discussion. The meeting venue too has been shifted yet again, as the mayor feels that the rent paid for the last venue was steep.The mayor also blamed the MCG officials for failing to include any new items on the the House meeting agenda. \"Earlier we thought of having the meeting on July 18, but some officials were not available on that day and therefore we had to postpone it. There are not many items on the agenda as the officials have not found anything new to be discussed. The only new inclusion is the naming of four roads in the city. A few other locations have been added in the town planning scheme,\" said Vimal Yadav, mayor.About changing the meeting venue, he said the huge rent that had to be paid to HSIIDC was the reason why they decided to have the meeting at the deputy commissioner's meeting hall. \"Last time we ended up incurring an expenditure of close to Rs 1 lakh just for a day's meeting. I don't want to waste the taxpayers' money by holding meetings at such expensive places. We have decided to have the meeting at the mini secretariat. Here we do not have to pay any rent,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023328", "title": "Biker talking on mobile killed after truck rams into him", "text": "MUMBAI: A 34-year-old biker, who was talking on his cellphone while driving, died after a truck collided with his vehicle in Borivli (W) on Monday afternoon. The truck driver was arrested. He was released on bail by a metropolitan court the next day.The deceased, Ram Pawar, stayed at Bheem Nagar in Gorai. Around 10pm on Monday, Pawar was riding his Hero Honda on the Shimpoli Link Road. \"While Pawar was riding on the north-bound arm of the Link Road, a truck tried to overtake him from one side. The two vehicles were moving parallel to each other but the truck driver lost control of the vehicle and collided with Pawar's bike near Chintamani Garden. Pawar was thrown off the bike and sustained severe injuries,\" said senior inspector (Borivli) Bhagwan Chate.Passersby rushed Pawar to Bhagwati Hospital, where he was declared dead.The truck driver, Rafiq Ahmed Shaikh (40), has been booked under sections 279 of the Indian Penal Code for rash driving and 304 (A) for causing death due to negligence. The police have seized the truck for an inspection by RTO officials who will ascertain whether the accident was caused due to human error or a mechanical failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024981", "title": "3 state highway projects approved", "text": "JAIPUR: The high-level committee of finance ministry on Monday approved the three highway projects of Rajasthan.The Public Private Partnership Appraisal Committee (PPPAC) has given its nod for the extension of two-lane highway of Rajsamand-Bhilwara to a four-lane one. The 90-km stretch will be constructed at a cost Rs 668 crore. The other projects that were approved by PPPAC are national highway-65 connecting Haryana border to Salasar and the 77.3 km long Jodhpur-Pali highway. The projects will cost Rs 530 crore and Rs 332 crore respectively.The state government was making efforts for a long time to get the projects approved from the Central government. However, the officials claim the two-lane Rajsamand-Bhilwara highway was sufficient for the existing traffic. The projects will mostly be built under build, operate and transfer (BOT) toll mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026078", "title": "Sunny sky raises max temperature", "text": "KANPUR: The sunny sky gave a sudden rise to maximum temperature on Tuesday. The high humidity accompanied with scattered rain added to the woes of the citizens.Though various areas of the city witnessed scattered rain, Tuesday remained hottest day of the ongoing monsoon season. The maximum temperature touched the mark of 37 degree celsius which is nearly three degres above the normal mark and two degrees higher than the previous day.The minimum temperature was recorded at 23.6 degrees. The humidity recorded for the day was 81% during morning which reduced to 54% in afternoon. The weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology gave no records of rain.Hence, according to CSA, the total rain held in the industrial city till July 17 is 321.5 mm.Meteorologist at CSA, CB Singh informed that the heavy rainfall and cloudy weather is responsible for this sudden dip in the mercury mark. The weather expert said the rains will continue till the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "15025235", "title": "Funds meant for kids used to build colleges", "text": "SALEM: The website of the Indian Christian Mission Centre (ICMC) at Salem makes a heart-rending plea for more money from donors for orphans and poor children. Jamie Briggs who works with a church in Connecticut, USA was quite impressed when he saw this. But when he visited the Promised Land orphanage at Paruthikadu, he found the conditions quite squalid.Alongside were several schools and colleges, part of the same group. \"They said they use the money for the children's needs,\" he said. \"But when I went there, it looked like they were building lots of colleges with that money.\" On returning home, Briggs lodged a complaint with the American Director on their International Board of Directors.In 2010-11, the ICMC declared their annual foreign contribution received to be 3.34 crore. Expenditure that year was 3.95 crore of which 1.4 crore was spent on orphans and 85 lakh on establishment expenses. Ask an expert in the field and they would tell you that 1.4 crore per annum may not be adequate to maintain an orphanage. \"Depends on the number of children housed there,\" said Glory Gunaseelan, superintendent of the Government Home for Boys in Royapuram in Chennai.According to the ICMC website, they house 2000 odd children in their home. \"Numbers have gone down now, it is only 700 children,\" said Revered Jayaraj Krishnan, founder of ICMC. Ashok Kumar, the manager of the orphanage said, \"I think the number of children is around 450 here.\"\"Judging by my experience in running a home, a sum of 1.6 crore per annum would be quite inadequate to house 450 children,\" reasons Glory. \"Mats, blankets and pillows alone will form a regular expenditure as young children cannot maintain them very well, naturally.\" A visit to the orphanage by the scribe showed that the dorms were converted classrooms each housing 20 children who slept on the floor on torn mats. There were no pillows. This was confirmed by Devaki, a district probationary officer in Salem. Malliga (name changed), an ayah reported that the food given contained very little vegetable and non vegetarian food was given only around Christmas. Bathrooms are open enclosures fitted with showerheads which makes them vulnerable to abuse.However, the organization runs four colleges including one in Salem city besides three schools which are all open to outsiders as well. A medical college and a hospital are under construction now in the Promised Land. \"All these buildings have been constructed using funding money,\" said Ashok Kumar. \"We get no aid from the government. We barely have any money,\" said Jayaraj Krishnan. \"It looks like we barely have any money to pay our car drivers, who we pay 7,000 a month.\" The organization, however, has 300 employees according to their website and has several pedigree dogs roaming about the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028723", "title": "Arya and Anushka get naughty on sets!", "text": "The director is busy shooting for Irandaam Ulagam in Georgia with Arya and Anushka. And it looks like Selvaraghavan is impressed with his hero and heroine. He took to the social networking site to state that both the actors were extremely talented, motivated and full of energy. For his movie, both Arya and Anushka need to know martial arts and apparently they both have their own trainers and are learning the art. Meanwhile, the unit seems to be having fun in Georgia. Selva said that they were shooting in a river and both Arya and Anushka were in it. And they didn't want to be the only ones drenched in the water. They apparently dragged the whole unit in and the team had a blast.  Irandaam Ulagam had a tricky start but now seems to be right on track. It was started four times before this and every time had the lead actors walking out. Let's hope this time round, the movie proves lucky for Arya, Anushka and Selva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15024436", "title": "BJP flays Shivpal Yadav for meeting jailed NRHM accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: A couple of days after Shivpal Yadav, a senior SP leader and PWD minister in Akhilesh Yadav's government, defended his meeting with NRHM scam accused IAS officer Pradeep Shukla at Dasna jail in Ghaziabad, the BJP claimed that in such a scenario there was no hope of justice in the inquiries proposed by the SP government into the alleged corruption during the BSP rule.Shivpal, however, said: \"I met a lot of people in the jail and inquired about the facilities there.\"It is noteworthy that the \"lot of people\" whom the PWD minister met in Dasna jail also included a tainted former minister in BSP government Babu Singh Kushwaha. The meeting between Kushwaha and Shivpal in Dasna jail lasted for over 15 minutes, sources close to Kushwaha confirmed to TOI.Both Kushwaha and Shukla are accused in the Rs 5,700 crore NRHM scam. While Kushwaha is accused of being involved in the scam when he was the minister of family welfare, Shukla has been accused by the CBI of embezzlement worth crores of rupees from the fund meant for NRHM.Reacting to Shivpal's meeting with tainted IAS officer and former minister, state BJP chief Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi talking to TOI said, the meeting reflected the state of affairs in the Samajwadi Party government and added that the meeting raises questions on the functioning of the Akhilesh-led government in the state. In such a scenario, it will not be prudent for the people of the state to expect justice from the Akhilesh-led SP government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025656", "title": "Meanwhile, no change in supply schedule", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will continue with the existing once-a-day water supply to the city even as the district collector ordered the irrigation department to release water from the Khadakwasla dam to Daund and 26 villages.The PMC will decide on alternate day supply only if the water levels in the dams dip to 1 TMC from the present 2 TMC.District collector Vikas Deshmukh on Monday convened a meeting of the irrigation department, the police and the PMC following deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's directives to release water from the Khadakwasla dam to Daund. \"We have decided to release water from Tuesday morning. Pune city can maintain the existing water supply (once a day) for the next 30 days even after this discharge. By then, we hope for good rains,\" Deshmukh told reporters after the meeting. He said that \"minimum\" water will be released to Daund.City likely to receive rain in three-four daysThe axis of the monsoon trough, which currently lies in the north of the country, is expected to move southwards, to come closer to its normal position by July 21 or 22. This will bring rains to parts of central India, which includes Pune, said IMD officials in Pune on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "15024636", "title": "Bank official cheats customers", "text": "MEDAK: An assistant manager of Andhra Bank was arrested here on Tuesday on the charges of misappropriating the customers' savings to the tune of Rs 9.16 lakh. The fraud came to light after a vigilance enquiry..The accused, Sudarshan Reddy, 42, debited small amounts of Rs 100 to Rs 500 from the savings accounts of 215 customers to his account. Sources said Sudarshan joined the Medak branch in 2007. Police said that a case was filed earlier after he reportedly misused a cheque for Rs 2 lakh of a private chit fund .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15023202", "title": "Woman steals baby at Ajmer dargah, captured on CCTV", "text": "AJMER: CCTV footage captured a woman kidnapping a six-month-old baby from the premises of Ajmer dargah on Monday night. Police said that Sabiya, who had come to offer prayers from Hyderabad at Sufi Saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti's dargarh, was sleeping with her son Nasir inside the dargarh premises.When Sabiya woke up, she could not find the child and raised an alarm. \"We looked for the baby in the dargah premises and even outside but could not trace him,\" said Sabiya's brother Mohammad Haji.The family rushed to the police control room. Police examined the CCTV footage which showed a young woman, who was sleeping on a mattress next to that of the child, slowly walking up and leaving with the baby. \"Past 1 am, a woman was seen approaching the spot where Sabiya was sleeping. She picked up the boy and rushed towards Buland Darwaza,\" said DSP Vishnu Samtani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024879", "title": "North Western Railways double-decker ready for maiden run", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-awaited double-decker train scheduled to run between Jaipur and Delhi has finally got safety clearance from Commissioner Railway Safety (CRS), which was the biggest hurdle in its operation. The authorities of the North Western Railways (NWR) are now waiting for the railway board to announce the official date to run the train between the two stations.It may be recalled that the first ever double-decker train for Rajasthan reached Jaipur on April 11 this year and was handed over to NWR.\"The safety clearance has been given to us by CRS. Thus, we have asked the officials of the concerned departments NWR's Jaipur division to be ready for operations,\" said a senior officer of NWR. The officials claimed that the train could chug off from the first week of August.\"The ongoing Jaipur-Delhi non-stop has been extended till July 20. If this does not get extension, we hope to replace it with the double-decker that would also be operated on the same time table. One cannot speculate the dates but it appears that we will have permission,\" said an officer.However possibility is that it may be chugged off from August 1.Lalit Bohara, chief public relations officer of NWR said that the officials of the Jaipur division are ready and are awaiting the final dates. \"It can start any time now since we have got safety clearance. The dates would be finalized by the railway board,\" Bohara added.Earlier, NWR authorities were waiting for safety clearance and permission for its maiden run from the railway board. The train already had two successful trial runs between Jaipur and Delhi. The double-decker train was announced by former rail minister Mamata Banerjee in her budget for 2011-12.Double-decker at a glanceMAX SPEED: 160 km/hrMIN SPEED: 110 Km/hrFARESJaipur to Gurgaon: Rs 327Jaipur to Delhi Cantonment: Rs 337Jaipur to Delhi Sarai Rohilla: Rs 347Number of passengers(per wagon) 120Lower floor 70Upper floor 50FeaturesEvery coach has fire extinguishers on its gateThe coaches have fully automatic doorsEvery coach has 8 emergency windowsMini pantry including fridge and microwave in each coachTIME TABLE OF TRAINIt would depart from Jaipur at 6 am and would reach Gurgaon at 9.38 am, Delhi Cantonment at 10.05 am and Delhi Sarai Rohilla at 10.30 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15026115", "title": "CAG picks up holes in govt spending", "text": "VARANASI: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has submitted its report for the year 2010-11 to the state legislature. The important findings of the reports were shared by the Principal AG with media in Allahabad on Monday.Among various issues that have been mentioned in the report, prominent relates to performance audit on construction, modernization and maintenance of state tubewells. The reports mentions that of the total net irrigated area of 1.31 crore hectare in the state, tubewells irrigate only 0.04 crore hectare (3%) area.The performance audit disclosed failure of proper and required scrutiny of the project cost at E-in-C as well as at the government level, led to avoidable creation of liability of interest bearing loan of Rs 1.60 crore. The department purchased heavy machines costing Rs 3.06 crore without obtaining administrative and financial sanction from the government. It further says that liability of Rs 177.06 crores was pending on account of electricity charges. Installation of 828 low capacity pump sets resulted in short utilisation of irrigation potential in 0.41 lakh hectare. Saving of Rs 6.12 crore was also not surrendered, mentions the report.Remarkably, if the government would have opted for metered billing, an amount of Rs 245.49 crore could have been saved, mentions the CAG report.On the issue of audit on preparedness of computer-based management information system in irrigation programme, the report mentions that even after spending Rs 68.97 crore (January, 2012) and after expiry of about 10 years, the progress of implementation of computer based MIS in the irrigation department was far from satisfactory.Till date (January 2012), not a single module, out of 26 modules, has been put to use, though these modules were handed over to the department, by the vendor, between September and November 2009, besides the hardware procured in October 2004, also became outdated. Department also failed to protect the system/data from any disaster.On the status of infrastructure facilities and teaching aids in government primary and upper primary schools in Ghazipur and Gautam Budh Nagar, the report mentions that universalisation of elementary education was affected due to non-availability of sufficient number of teachers, inadequate infrastructure facilities like toilets, separate toilets for girls, safe and adequate drinking water, mid-day-meal (MDM), sports grounds, computer facilities, seating arrangements, free text books, uniforms, training of teachers, library facilities and electrification in the government primary and upper primary schools.\"Despite availability of sufficient class rooms, improved Teacher-Student Ratio, MDM and other facilities, the government was not able to enhance enrolment, contain or restrict the dropout rate of children from the schools,\" mentions the report.With regards to chief controlling officer-based audit of horticulture and food processing department, the major audit findings include the perspective plan for the entire period (2006-11) was not prepared and Annul Action Plans for 2006-11 were prepared without inputs from district/field level agencies, resulting in fixing up of unrealistic targets.Against the plan budget provision (2006-11) of Rs 559.01 crore, the state government released only Rs 327.71 crore (59%). Likewise, against the approved outlay (2006-11) of Rs 669.83 crore, GoI released only Rs 322.05 crore (48%) and the department could utilise only 53 to 87 % of the available funds.Failure of the department to utilise the original allotment resulted in non-release of approved outlay in the subsequent years. It also mentions that an avoidable expenditure of Rs 1.17 crore was incurred (2008-11) on purchase of Garlic seeds.An amount of Rs 43.60 crore, parked in PLA (2007-09), was booked as final expenditure. In March 2009, Rs 23.90 crore was withdrawn from PLA and deposited into the revenue head and irregular assistance of Rs 8.88 crore was provided to the beneficiaries for vegetable seed production, said the report among other objection in the same issue.On various other significant observations of compliance audit, the reports mentions some non-compliance with rules and regulations which include transfer of 501.922 acre land to the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority without realising its full value led to a loss of Rs 2,632.19 crores.Likewsie, Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj Medical University, Lucknow demolished a heritage building in Lucknow and in its place constructed a new one at Rs 28.30 crores in disregard of the Ancient Monuments and Archeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958.Similarly, non-adherence to specifications resulted in not only sub-standard works worth Rs 2.50 crore but also avoidable expenditure Rs 2.82 crore on renewal works of village roads.Payment of secured advances, in violation of the contract conditions, led to undue aid of Rs 94.17 crore to the contractors and undue benefit of Rs 2.23 crore as interest. In respect to audit against propriety and cases of expenditure without adequate justification the report mentions that appointment of lectures of physical education and sports without introducing the required curriculum resulted in wasteful expenditure of Rs 6.54 crore defeating the objective of participation of youth of the state in national and international sports events.Likewise, in violation of the orders of the Supreme Court, Ghaziabad Development Authority placed orders for supply of electrical items worth Rs 15.92 crore for development of site proposed for construction of houses resulting in the items lying unused for about two years.The report also mentions various objections in respect to failure of oversight/governance, persistent and pervasive irregularity and fraud and detection of fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "15024571", "title": "Medical student commits suicide", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: A post-graduate medical student committed suicide by hanging himself at Vavilalapally area on Monday. The deceased one, Mallu Ajay Chandra, 30, was the son of legislative assembly deputy speaker Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka's elder brother Mallu Venkateshwarlu.Sources said Chandra had disputes with his wife Deepti. After completing his MBBS in 2011, he married Deepti in November. A native of Vyra in Khammam district, Chandra was residing at Vavilalapally to complete his PG in a local medical college here. Sources said the house owners found Chandra hanging from the ceiling fan and immediately alerted the cops. Inspector of II Town police station Vijayraj saidA case is registeredand the body sent for an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15025494", "title": "Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court tells lawyers to formulate legal aid scheme", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court recently ordered the Aurangabad high court advocates association to formulate a scheme on the lines of a Supreme Court scheme, which provides legal assistance to needy people in the middle income group.The bench, comprising justices B P Dharmadhikari and Sunil P Deshmukh, also asked the association's president, S T Shelke, to make a statement in this regard on July 23.The Jalna-based People's Rights Vigilance Organisation, represented by its secretary Rakesh Agrawal, president Arun Ghode and others, had approached the HC, seeking directions to the appropriate authority to implement the scheme in the high court.In the order passed on July 6, the HC cited the petitioners' statement, which says, \"The interest of the common man will be taken care of if the scheme is evolved on an informal basis so as to assist those whose income ranges between Rs 50,000 per month and Rs 4 lakh per year. The scheme allows litigants to know in advance about the fees and other charges for their cases.''Agrawal said, the Supreme Court middle income group legal aid society provides legal services to middle income group citizens whose gross income does not exceed Rs 60,000 per month or Rs 7,50,000 annually. According to the scheme, the fees and the other charges are fixed. People fighting their cases through the scheme, deposit a fixed amount with the society. The society gives clients a choice of three lawyers, from which they have to choose one.When contacted, Shelke said he was in the process of obtaining a copy of the HC order to make a statement on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15024516", "title": "Petition against former army chief V K Singh dismissed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The military tribunal in Chandigarh on Tuesday dismissed a petition which claimed that former army chief General V K Singh had destroyed the career of Major General T S Handa for refusing to alter his birth records.Handa in his petition had alleged that Singh \"spoilt\" his annual confidential report (ACR). The petition was dismissed by the tribunal after it found no 'merit' in Handa's allegations.In his petition, filed in April 2011, Major General Handa had submitted that while in Ambala as GOC of 2 Corps, Singh had submitted an application to the military secretary branch for changing his date of birth from May 10, 1950, to May 10, 1951.Handa, who was then a brigadier and was posted as deputy military secretary in the Ambala branch, claimed the branch did not consider General Singh's request. But Singh held him responsible for not amending his date of birth, as per the petition. Handa claimed his ACR was spoilt in 2007 when General Singh was GOC of Eastern Command and Handa was GOC, 57 Mountain Division, in the northeast sector.According to Major General Handa, V K Singh wrote remarks like 'displeasure' and 'lukewarm' in his ACR while evaluating his performance without giving him any opportunity of being heard. Later, when he moved a non-statutory complaint against the ACR to the army headquarters, it was again rejected by General Singh, who was by then the army chief.Responding to the allegations, counsel for Gen Singh, Captain Sandeep Bansal had submitted that Major General Handa never raised the issue in his initial complaints. Captain Bansal also argued that the displeasure awarded to Handa was in fact just a \"reproof\", which is not recorded in the ACR and does not have any bearing on promotional aspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15028409", "title": "Rahul to decide on playing greater role in party: Sonia Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday said it is for Rahul Gandhi to decide for himself on playing a larger role in the party.\"No one can take a decision on his behalf. He has to take a decision,\" she said in Parliament House after Vice-President Hamid Ansari filed his nomination paper for a second term.Her comments came against the backdrop of comments by senior Congress leaders like Digvijay Singh and Salman Khurshid clamouring for a larger role for Rahul in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15023159", "title": "Pak court rejects 26/11 commission's report", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In a reprieve for LeT commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi and six other brains of the 26/11 carnage, a Rawalpindi-based anti-terrorism court on Tuesday rejected the findings of the judicial commission that visited India in March this year in connection with the probe into the 2008 attack. The court dubbed the probe report a waste of time on the grounds that the members were not allowed to cross-examine the witnesses.The ruling, which is a setback to the prosecution of the seven terror suspects, came during the hearing of a petition against the report by the accused. Judge Chaudhry Habib-ur-Rehman, in his order, said the proceedings and the report of the Pakistani judicial commission were unlawful, emphasizing that the findings, including the statements of the witnesses, could not be used against the accused arrested in Pakistan without giving them the right to cross-examination.\"The commission was not only barred from cross-examining but also not given access to the witnesses,\" the court order said, adding that the investigation report could not be made part of records related to those accused and jailed in Pakistan. \"The activities of the judicial commission were a waste of time,\" it said.Khwaja Harris Ahmad, counsel of Lakhvi and LeT's co-chairman Abdul Rehman Makki, had earlier argued before the court that the report held no legal significance as the Indian authorities did not allow the defence counsel to interrogate the witnesses. \"The court has the right to examine whether the working and report of a commission was duly executed. In this case, the court ruled that the report was not duly executed. The report will not be read in evidence,\" Ahmed said later.The eight-member Pakistani commission of defence lawyers, prosecutors and a court official had visited India on a four-day trip to gather evidence for the prosecution of the seven suspects. The panel met police officers who were part of the probe in Mumbai and doctors who conducted autopsies on the nine terrorists and victims.Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, the chief prosecutor who led the eight-member panel, told the court that another commission could be sent to India if it can be ensured that it will be allowed to cross-examine the four witnesses. The judge responded by saying that if the governments of India and Pakistan could reach a new understanding that would allow the team access to witnesses and allow their cross-examination by defence lawyers, then a new team could go. \"The agreement between the governments on the probe should be dissolved and a new agreement be chalked out,\" the court said before adjourning the case till July 21.Times ViewA country should normally accept evidence from judicial processes in another country as valid. It is therefore understandable that the Indian authorities have so far not been inclined to let a Pakistani panel cross-examine witnesses who appeared in court here. However, in this specific case, India should consider allowing cross-examination while making it clear that this is because of the very special nature of this case and shouldn't be treated as a precedent. This way India can establish before Pakistani civil society and the world at large that it is prepared to go to great lengths to ensure that the perpetrators of 26/11 are brought to book. It will then be up to Pakistan's government and courts to show similar intent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15025535", "title": "Once a dentist, this topper wants to help city", "text": "DUGRI: Gagandeep Kaur was the first person in her family to have opted to do a BDS (bachelor of dental science) course. But, today, she is also the first person to have brought laurels to the family by being the state topper in her BDS-III year exams.The hard working dentist in making scored 460 marks out of 600 to top the Baba Farid University, Faridkot, which happens to be the highest score in III year across the state.A resident of Urban Estate in Dugri Phase II, she is doing her course from Genesis Institute of Dental Sciences &amp; Research, Ferozepur.Her father Baldev Singh Swaddi said his daughter has made him proud by being the first person from their family to have taken up BDS and this achievement has only added to their excitement. \"I am sure she would achieve her goals with hard work and dedication,\" he added.Gagandeep said she wishes to go abroad to US for her post-graduation once she is done with the BDS. \"I want to learn the latest technical advancements and work for the benefit of people of my city when I come back,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15024331", "title": "Expert speak", "text": "Right from one end of the supply chain to the other - starting from citizens to BBMP to the person who manages the landfill to the regulatory body like Karnataka State Pollution Control Board - everyone should make their own efforts every day to reduce the problem of municipal waste management. Assuming that 80% of waste generated in every household is wet waste, and segregation happens at source, neighborhoods can then ferry this to local composting or recycling plants. Then comes BBMP's role in monitoring the units, landfill and garbage collection. Finally, there should be continuous regulation on reducing waste.Ramesh Ramanathan | Janaagraha co-founder and civic expertThe problem can be handled in two ways -- by making households segregate their waste mandatory and the state government implementing a policy such that city municipalities manage their garbage within their limits. In many global cities, the corporation refuses to collect people's trash if it's not segregated. BBMP should also do that. Also, BBMP should set a target to reduce the amount of trash sent to landfills every year. Otherwise, higher charges should be collected for exporting waste to landfills.Ashwin Mahesh | ABIDe convenor and civic expert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028453", "title": "Goynar Baksho is a tale of three generations!", "text": "Aparna Sen's next, Goynar Baksho was announced at Taj Bengal in Kolkata recently. The movie was announced with some parts of the script being read out.Goynar Baksho is a film that divulges and takes us through the life of three women in three different generations. Goynar Baksho is all set to start shooting in October this year. Aparna Sen is the director of the movie. And story is written by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. Moushmi Chatterjee, Shrabanti, Manasi Sinha, Aparna Sen, Piyush Ganguly were present at the event. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023906", "title": "'55 govt schools sans own building'", "text": "PORVORIM: Goa has 55 government primary schools which do not have their own school buildings, and the state government is in the process of providing buildings to 15 of these schools, chief minister Manohar Parrikar stated in a reply tabled at the ongoing assembly session on Tuesday.Salcete and Ponda have the highest number of government primary schools which are running from rented premises, at 12 and 11 respectively. Seven government primary schools do not have their own premises in Tiswadi and Quepem taluka each. Five schools each in Bicholim and Vasco; two each in Bardez, Sanguem and Canacona, and one each in Pernem and Sattari are also operating from privately-owned buildings.Of the 1,124 government schools in Goa, 89.15% function from buildings owned by the government, while the rest function from private premises rented by the state, according to the statistics of the union human resource development ministry.The government primary schools where state-owned building premises have been proposed are at Toncawada in St Estevam, Dattagad in Bethora, Juna Bazaar in Ponda, Goddamal in Sanvordem, Bambad in Sanguem, Reis Magos, Bhandarwada in Amona, Housing board in Sanquelim, Murmuse in Tuem, Dicarpale in Navelim, Zuarinagar in Sancoale; Balli in Quepem, Paddi in Barcem, Quepem, Morpiral in Quepem, and Paingin in Canacona.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023004", "title": "Higher your education, harder it is getting a job", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's official unemployment rate last year was 3.8%, data released recently by the Labour Bureau shows, but, as always, averages hide many stories. A closer look at the numbers shows that unemployment rises with education level to 10% among graduates, and higher still for backward castes.The Chandigarh-based Labour Bureau under the union ministry of labour and employment released the 'Employment and Unemployment Survey 2012' last week. The pan-India survey had a representative sample of 1.2 lakh households. According to the survey, India's official unemployment rate is 3.8%, with urban unemployment at 5.1% and rural at 3.5%. Unemployment is higher among women than among men; 6.7% for women as against 2.8% for men.Calculations by TIG using the labour bureau numbers show that unemployment rises steadily with education level. While unemployment among the illiterate is 1.2%, unemployment among graduates is 9.4% and among post-graduates it is 10%. In the United States and United Kingdom , where recession has led to poor job growth, the unemployment rate for graduates is at a record high, but this is still under 5%, in comparison.For urban India, graduate unemployment is 8.2% while unemployment among post-graduates is slightly lower, at 7.7%.These findings are consistent with those of the National Sample Survey 2009-10 which show that the higher the level of education, the higher the open unemployment, says Santosh Mehrotra, economist and director-general of the Institute of Applied Manpower Research, an autonomous institution under the Planning Commission. \"The illiterate are the poorest, and the poorest simply cannot afford to be unemployed, so they do some work, even if they are under-employed,\" says Mehrotra. \"As a result, in poor economies like ours, you see very little open unemployment,\" he says.The correlation between low education and low unemployment also explains another finding of the Labour Bureau, that socially disadvantaged groups like scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and other backward classes have lower unemployment than \"others\". At the aggregate level, unemployment among SCs is 3.2%, for STs it is 2.7% and for OBCs it is 3.2% as compared to 5.4% for \"others\".However this appears to be a result of lower education levels among backward groups, because at the higher end of the education spectrum, there is higher unemployment among backward castes than for \"others\". Among SCs, graduate unemployment is 11.3% and post-graduate unemployment 12.7%, while for \"others\", the corresponding figures are 9% and 9.7%. Unemployment among graduate and post-graduate STs and OBCs is also higher than for \"others\". Across social groups, graduate unemployment among women is above 25%.Ram Mohan Kumar completed his BCom from a private college in Noida in 2008. The son of a carpenter, he is the first person in his family with a degree. \"It was not possible for me to study after that because post-graduate courses are too expensive. I looked for a job doing accounts or insurance work after graduating but I could not get anything. Now I do odd jobs for a living. I feel my degree is just wasted,\" he says. Indu Rai, who like Kumar is dalit, completed her M.A in Sociology from Damoh in Madhya Pradesh. \"I thought I could get a teaching job but everyone asks for a BEd. I have five siblings to educate. How can I do another degree now?\" she asks over the phone.Mehrotra says that the higher levels of unemployment among graduate SCs points to discrimination in the labour market, an issue that economist and Indian Council of Social Science Research chairman Sukhadeo Thorat has written about. In a landmark study, Thorat and his fellow researcher Paul Attewell answered job ads with fictional resumes. They found that applicants with a dalit surname were systematically less likely to be called for an interview than upper caste applicants with poorer qualifications than the dalit applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028879", "title": "Venkat Prabhu reworks Biryani script", "text": "The director, whose Biryani , was launched on Sunday revealed that he is now busy tweaking his script. Biryani is a movie that will be produced by Studio Green and stars Karthi. The team will likely to start shooting by the month of August.The movie had its pooja on Sunday at their office and many people from the industry attended it and to bless the new project. This is Venkat's next project after the successful Mankatha which starred Ajith. There are high expectations from the film and the director is taking his time before starting work.The latest news is that he is putting the final touches to his script in place and reworking areas which need to be to ensure the script is as good as his last. Karthi's last release Saguni had a poor script for which the movie came under a lot of flak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024932", "title": "Arms gang 'supplying' weapons in Bhanu Pratap murder case busted", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough, the Bhilwara police has busted a gang of arms peddlers and arrested five persons along with a huge cache of arms and ammunition. Police suspected that the gang was involved in supplying arms to the assailants who had gunned down dreaded criminal Bhanu Pratap last year in Bhilwara.Acting on a tip off that some arm peddlers have gathered at RK Circle on Bhilwara outskirts to deliver a cache of arms to the contract killers and other gangs in the state, a Bhimganj police team pounced on them.\"A police team in plain clothes was deployed in the area. During the early hours of Tuesday four youths came in a Scorpio jeep suspiciously. Two of them came out of the vehicle while the other remained inside. The police team ambushed and overpowered them and were taken into custody,\" a senior police officer of Bhilwara police said.The police team later checked the vehicle and found almost a dozen of weapons including pistols and Mausers.\"The arrested accused were identified as Ajay Singh (25), Kesar Singh (24), Arif alias Topi (30), Aziz Ansari (26) and Mukesh Teli (21). Ajay Singh is a notorious arms peddler,\" an officer said.During their interrogation, police got some clues that the same gang was involved in supplying arms used in the murder of Bhanu Pratap, a dreaded criminal who was gunned down while he was taken for court proceedings from Jhalawar to Kota.\"There is a possibility that the gang could be involved in supplying weapons to assailants who killed Bhanu Pratap in 2011,\" the officer said.Tuesday's seizure of weapons was the second biggest for Bhilwara police. On Thursday, they had seized 13 pistols and 91 cartridges. Police had then arrested Anil Jaat (22), Suresh Balai (35), Rajendra Singh (28) and Lakhan Singh (32) in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15025551", "title": "Models to make Teej a glam affair", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Teej round the corner, the city is all set to celebrate it with traditionally and with a bang. Members of Lakshmi Ladies Club have started planning for the festivities with colourful events lined up for Wednesday.Giving a cosmopolitan touch to this long-established fiesta, the club has invited leading models and fashion designers from Delhi and Mumbai to walk the ramp and interact with club members. \"The celebrations would include a sponsored fashion show which will see participation from internationally renowned models like Aanchal Kumar and Carol Gracias,\" Neeta Sood, president of Lakshmi Ladies Club, told TOI.\"The basic idea is to spend quality time with friends and family complimented with mouthwatering food, fashion show and discussions. Models would showcase the designs of leading fashion designer Sulakshana Monga,\" added Sood.Lakshmi Ladies Club, which has over 2,000 members, is reopening on July 18 after a two-month vacation. Neelam, another club member, said, \"There are many a reason to celebrate the arrival of monsoon, one of them being Teej.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024586", "title": "Nalin Prabhat is first IG to head CRPF Nagpur unit", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of home affairs (MHA) has upgraded the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) chief's post at Nagpur and made him the head of CRPF anti-Naxal operations in the state. The first officer on this posting is one with a mixed reputation. An IPS officer of Andhra Pradesh cadre, Nalin Prabhat quietly took over as Inspector General (IG) operations at CRPF's centre in Nagpur some time back. Earlier, this post was held by a Deputy Inspector General (DIG) and the IG at Mumbai used to supervise overall operations.A President's medal awardee, Prabhat had faced an inquiry after the death of 75 CRPF personnel in an ambush by Naxals at Dantewada in 2010. This was the biggest ever loss of security personnel in the country's history of anti-insurgency operations. Prabhat had received the President's medal for his services in Jammu and Kashmir (J&K;), where he had a stint in 2008.Though the post in Nagpur has been scaled up to IG level, the area under him will remain same, said sources. The CRPF has remained rather secretive about Prabhat's assignment.When TOI tried to contact him, it got many different versions, from him being away for lunch, to him being out of town. However, sources later indicated he was very much in the city. Some sources say the security threat he faces was a reason for the CRPF being secretive.After the Dantewada incident, Prabhat was indicted by two separate inquiry committees, including that headed by Additional Director General (ADG) CRPF, but was given a clean chit in a review of the reports by an IPS officer. This paved the way for his promotion as IG.Sources say he had taken charge as DIG CRPF in Chhattisgarh in March and launched an operation in April, without taking the state police into confidence, leading to the death of 75 personnel. At the same time, he is known for the killing of three top Naxal cadre in Andhra Pradesh in 2000. In 2008, he was involved in eliminating four terrorists in J&K;, which got him the President's medal.There is also confusion over of the area under his command. There are reports that he will be IG (operations) Chhattisgarh, based at Nagpur, which a senior officer here confirmed. \"So far, this is the only mandate on which there is clarity, other things will be known only in the days to come,\" said the source.However, an IPS officer in Chhattisgarh said the charge of IG (operations) in the state will be held by Zulfiqar Hasan, with Prabhat only handling Maharashtra. This does not rule out the possibility of the post being created here to accommodate him.Officers know him to be a tough taskmaster, and hope that it will boost operations in the state. A senior officer in CRPF said his experience in Andhra Pradesh is expected to help operations in Maharashtra. However, Chhattisgarh earned him a bad name. Prabhat remained a DIG there state for less than a year. His transfer is also attributed to the Dantewada debacle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15028989", "title": "10 Indian students get TOEFL scholarships", "text": "CHENNAI: Ten young go-getters from across the country received their TOEFL scholarships on Wednesday. Valued at approximately US$70,000 the scholarships recognise the academic excellence of TOEFL test takers throughout India.\"The TOEFL Scholarship programme has helped increase our communication with test takers, rather than with just the institutions accepting our test scores. The response has been good with the number of applications increasing by 30% this year when compared to 2011,\" said ETS' vice-president of marketing and public affairs Scott Nelson, who gave away the awards at a function in Delhi. ETS received 960 applications for the TOEFL scholarships this year.The scholarships, funding for which was increased by US$10,000 since 2011, were awarded to help students continue their education at the undergraduate and graduate school levels. While four students were awarded a US$10,000 scholarship to study in universities or colleges in the UK, US, Australia and Canada; six other students received a US$5,000 scholarship to pursue graduate programmes elsewhere in the world.Two of the 10 scholarships went to Swathi Meenakshi Sadagopan and Abhay Gandhi of Tamil Nadu. Both are graduates of the Guindy College of Engineering but will be specialising in different fields. Swathi, who has graduated with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering will be continuing higher studies in the same specialisation at McGill University in Canada. \"The research opportunities available overseas cannot be compared even to that in the IITs or in Anna University, where I studied and which gets a lot of funding. So pursuing research abroad is an obvious choice, and the first thing that anybody thinks about is the money involved in studying abroad. The scholarship has taken a load off my mind,\" said Swathi. She is one of the recipients of the US$10,000 scholarship.For Abhay from Tiruchi, it is a matter of pride. \"Being recognised by ETS, which conducts so many globally renowned tests adds a lot of value to what I've done before. It tells us how good we are when compared to so many other test takers,\" said Abhay, who will attend Ecole des Hautes Commerciales in Paris, a top ranking B-school. Abhay is a recipient of the US$5,000 scholarship.The TOEFL Scholarship was introduced in the 2010-11 academic year in India, and has since covered other Asian countries including Korea, Japan and Taiwan. The funding for the programme has increased from US$50,000 to US$70,000 in two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15026133", "title": "Woman killed in house collapse", "text": "VARANASI: While a woman was killed two others including a child suffered serious injuries when a house collapsed in Mahuari village under Badagaon police station at wee hours on Tuesday. The house that collapsed was one among those houses, which were allotted to the people of Musahar community by the state government in 2007-08.According to reports, Ramdhani, a native of Mahuari village and beneficiary of government scheme, had married his daughter Hiramani (18) to a youth in Bhadohi district on June 24 last. She had arrived the place of her parents a few days back. On Monday night she along with her sister-in-law Pushpa and nephew Somaru (1) was sleeping inside the house when it collapsed.Hiramani died on the spot while Pushpa and Somaru sustained serious injuries. The injured persons were rushed to local primary health center where their condition was stated to be critical. On receiving information of the incident the sub-divisional magistrate and other officials of land revenue department reached the incident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15024641", "title": "In your 30s? Go for a cardiac test", "text": "Mumbai: Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray's heart condition has turned the spotlight on an issue that few choose to confront directly: The right age to start looking at your heart much more closely.\"Earlier I would ask people over 40 years of age to undergo yearly cardiac checks, but I now ask people over 30 years of age to be careful,\" said senior heart surgeon Ramakanta Panda and founder of Asian Heart Hospital in the Bandra-Kurla Complex. The young face of India's cardiac epidemic is well illustrated by the fact that Panda's consultation room on Monday had a patient who was only 31 years old.The consensus among the medical fraternity is that one of the best ways for urban Indians to dodge heart attacks would be to start cardiac health checks right in their thirties. Dr Pavan Kumar, head of cardiac surgery at Nanavati Hospital, said Indians should be on their guard from the age of 35. \"People should undergo a stress test annually and, perhaps, even a CT angiography every three years,'' he said. A CT angio, he said, clearly shows calcium deposit and each test is valid for three years.Preventive cardiac checks are the only prudent option considering that heart diseases hit Indians much earlier than other ethnic populations, said experts. The trend was first noticed a few years ago when the most comprehensive global study on the risk factors for heart diseases showed that Indians were prone to heart attacks a decade earlier than their Western counterparts.Dr Prafulla Kerkar, head of KEM Hospital's cardiology department who contributed to the worldwide study, said it's time Indian families started educating their children about preventive measures. \"If a family has a history of heart disease, it is best to tell children about the importance of a healthy lifestyle, eating right and staying physically active.''The Indian Journal of Medical Research stated in November 2010: \"Among adults over 20 years of age, the estimated prevalence of coronary heart disease is around 3-4% in rural areas and 8-10% in urban areas, representing a two-fold rise in rural areas and a six-fold rise in urban areas between the years 1960 and 2000.''The reasons are not too difficult to find. Said Dr Panda, \"Earlier it was thought that the Indian gene is the main cause for the epidemic of heart diseases, but new research suggests that stress play a very big role.'' Urban Indians have high levels of stress and low levels of physical activity. \"Moreover, the Indian diet has drastically changed. All these are contributing to a higher incidence of heart disease among Indians,'' he added.The only silver lining is that with regular monitoring of cholesterol, blood sugar, hypertension and an annual stress test, people should be able to catch any discrepancy. \"This regular monitoring would ensure that in 80-90% of the cases, any heart problem is noticed at the earliest,\" said Dr Panda.There are some doctors who beg to differ. One senior doctor said heart problems are an enigma. \"Although we know so much more about heart disease than before, there is no way of pinpointing when who will get a coronary syndrome attack,'' he said. He, however, said that modern medicine has evolved so much that even a person with advanced disease could live comfortably for decades after undergoing an intervention.LOSING HEART IN MUMBAI* Heart diseases topped BMC's list of top 10 killer diseases for 2011* Death certificates issued by BMC for 2011 show that 26,540 Mumbaikars died of heart diseases and heart attacks between January 1 and December 31* That's a 1.5% rise in deaths due to cardiac problems since 2010* More than 1.30 lakh Mumbaikars have died due to heart problems in the past seven years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024597", "title": "SC panel allows FDCM to remove teak, bamboo from Mansinghdeo", "text": "NAGPUR: The Supreme Court's Centrally Empowered Committee (CEC) has recommended that the court allow Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) to remove teak and bamboo worth Rs2 crore felled inside the Mansinghdeo Wildlife Sanctuary after its notification.According to forest department sources, the CEC's order last month says that the teak and bamboo was felled in seven sanctuary compartments after the notification, but was as per the working plan approved by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).FDCM is a commercial entity, and commercial extraction of timber from national parks and wildlife sanctuaries has been banned by the Supreme Court. FDCM officials say, though, it's activity was not felling but thinning as part of silviculture operations.The sanctuary was notified on November 2, 2010, but FDCM continued to extract timber till TOI reported on the activity on January 8, 2011. It was found that felling continued in almost all compartments of Mansinghdeo in three ranges - Paoni, Saleghat and Nagalwadi.The Supreme Court restrains all states and union territories from removing dead, diseased, dying or windfallen trees as well as driftwood and grass from any protected area or forest. It had also clarified that if any state government has already passed such an order, the execution of the same stands stayed with immediate effect.Since the state's wildlife wing did not allow FDCM to remove and sell the teak and bamboo, the FDCM moved the CEC in December 2011 to grant sanction for the same, saying the wood was felled as per the approved working plan. The petition said that 400 cubic metre of teakwood was felled after the notification. As per the minimum market price of Rs50,000 per cubic metre, the teak felled may be worth Rs2 crore.\"The FDCM claimed rights over the material which 'apparently' belonged to the wildlife,\" say experts.During subsequent hearings, FDCM denied intentional felling, claiming the corporation was not aware about the notification. They said although sanctuary notification was issued on November 2, it percolated down to FDCM on December 20, i.e. 48 days after the official notification of the sanctuary. However, the TOI had found that felling continued till January 8, 2011.Pradeep Vasudeva, deputy conservator of forests (DyCF), with MoEF, Bhopal , who was told to probe the felling had found that it was done after issuance of sanctuary notification. Then environment minister Jairam Ramesh too had written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for action against FDCM officials, but instead of action, the CEC has recommended removal of teak and bamboo.MK Ranjitsinh, chairman of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), has expressed surprise over the CEC decision. Ranjitsinh was the first to complain to the MoEF about the violations, followed by Kishor Rithe, who had raised the issue in the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) meeting.\"The wildlife department should fight it out,\" Ranjitsinh said. \"We will see what we can do now,\" he added.Ranjitsinh said all material extracted under the provision of the act, which allows habitat manipulation, must be given to the local communities and not sold commercially. \"I refuse to believe that the FDCM was not aware that the sanctuary had been notified on November 2 until December 20, by which time they had already extracted wood from 23 compartments,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024904", "title": "Cracks down on cinema halls operating with video parlor licence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: District collector office has declared war on the cinema halls evading entertainment tax by running theatres even though they have licence to operate video parlors. These cinema halls have now been mandated to pay 20 per cent entertainment tax on earnings from every ticket sold.Collector Vijay Nehra said that there are 33 cinema halls and 90 video parlors in the district. The cinema halls are required to pay 20 per cent of the earnings from ticket sale towards entertainment tax, while the video parlors get away with paying only Rs 8,000 per month.Officials said that it was realized that majority of the video parlors actually run as cinema halls. In fact, many such operators in Ahmedabad city run four to five screens under one complex.\"We convened meeting of owners of 28 video parlors recently and made it mandatory for them to pay 20 per cent of ticket sale earnings towards entertainment tax as most of them run halls with a seating capacity of 100-150 people at a time. Many also run multiple-screen theatres,\" said Nehra.This decision is likely to increase the revenue from video parlor from Rs 1.66 lakh per month to Rs one crore. The annual increase in income would be Rs 12 crore only from these 28 halls.Collector said that the entertainment tax department had also initiated an extensive drive to collect the levies and unearth cinema halls and cable operators evading tax by showing less number of tickets sold or cable connections.Following the drive, the income from entertainment tax has jumped by Rs 10 crore. \"The last entertainment tax collection was Rs 12 crore which has now jumped to Rs 22 crore,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15024034", "title": "Modi faux pas on next President", "text": "PATNA: Notwithstanding his party's refusal to support Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election, Bihar deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi seems sanguine of the UPA nominee's win.Talking to newsmen on the sidelines of his weekly 'janata darbar' on Tuesday, the BJP leader announced chief minister Nitish Kumar had invited Mukherjee to Bihar after becoming the President. Asked if he too thought Mukherjee, and not NDA-supported P A Sangma , was going to be the next President, Modi replied, \"You also know who is going to win.\"The deputy CM, however, hastened to correct himself, saying, \"Whosoever becomes the President will be invited to visit Bihar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025232", "title": "Website on missing persons", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nirvan, a social welfare organisation which runs a shelter home in the city for mentally disabled destitute, has asked for state government's support to launch a website in the state for missing children and starting a shelter home for all kinds of destitute.The website would have all information along with the photographs of the missing persons. Every police station or at least the big police station in a district would be linked to the website.This would help families and the police to trace the missing persons.The website would be of utmost importance for the mentally disabled missing persons who cannot inform about their family and native place.The Nirvan's shelter home has rehabilitated scores of mentally disabled destitute by tracing their families by publicising in media.In a letter to the chief minister, Nirvan president SS Dhapiola has offered his organisation's help to develop the website as the department of disability at present is not in a situation to do the task because of work overload.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028795", "title": "Shubham Tiwari romances Anara in Antim Tandav", "text": "Bhojpuri cinema actor Shubham Tiwari will now be seen romancing Anara Gupta in Antim Tandav.Shubham is playing the role of a police officer in the movie and Anara is in the role of a modern city girl. There are many songs in the movie featured on them. Shubham and Anara both are very excited for the movie and awaiting it's release!Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023907", "title": "India asks Russia to hand over Gorshkov by December", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset with Russia for not adhering to delivery schedules, apart from jacking up costs midway through execution of defence deals and poor spares support, India told Russia on Tuesday to ensure that the long-delayed refurbished aircraft carrier Admiral Gorshkov - christened INS Vikramaditya - is handed over by December 2012.This came during the meeting between defence minister A K Antony and visiting Russian deputy PM Dmitry Rogozin. India in 2010 had agreed to pay Russia $2.33 billion as the refit cost for the 44,570-tonne Gorshkov after three years of bitter wrangling since the earlier agreement in 2004 had earmarked only $974 million for it. India is also buying 45 carrier-borne MiG-29K naval fighters at a cost of around $2 billion from Russia.India on Tuesday also asked Russia to ensure that the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile, jointly developed by the two countries under a joint venture, is inducted into its armed forces. The Indian armed forces, on their part, are inducting the missile in large numbers, having already placed orders worth Rs 15,000 crore.Earlier in the day, Rogozin had raised concern over Sistema's investments in the telecom sector in his meeting with foreign minister S M Krishna. The foreign minister told him that there was a judicial process on in the matter.\"We sought definite solutions to certain outstanding problems confronting our business communities and explored ways to enhance our trade turnover,\" Krishna said at a joint press interaction with Rogozin here. Referring to \"some issues\" which needed to be addressed, Rogozin said, \"We must do everything possible to address these problems as soon as possible for mutual benefit\" but did not get into the specifics of it.Vladimir P Yevtushenkov, chairman of the board of directors of JSFC Sistema, was part of Rogozin's delegation. \"We feel that in this sensitive area, we must find... proper treatment to Russian economic entities participating in the local markets similar to other actors,\" he said.The two sides also discussed the status of the third and fourth nuclear reactors for which the \"techno-commercial\" agreements are underway. \"After the first two units (1,000 mw each) of the project in Kudankulam, techo-commercial negotiations are underway for the third and fourth units, which are expected to be inked shortly,\" said an official.\"Today's was an inter-session meeting of the two co-chairs of the bilateral commission, where we focused on the economic aspects of our relationship. We also discussed cooperation in some strategic sectors. We exchanged constructive views on various aspects of India-Russia trade and investment cooperation,\" Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15023837", "title": "CCTVs to serve people, not to up revenue: N D Agarwal", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa district collector N D Agarwal, speaking on the sidelines of the tobacco control workshop, said the closed-circuit television ( CCTV) cameras installed in Margao to check traffic violations, were not done to increase the state's revenue, but to serve the people.He said the aim of the exercise was to ultimately have \"zero challans\" as only that would ensure that the public is following the law.\"I have told DySP (Traffic) Guruprasad Mhapne that my objective is not to increase the number of challans being issued every day,\" said Agarwal. He added that challans act as deterrents as they penalize those who are not willing to listen and follow laws.Agarwal further said that according to the traffic police, 50 challans, on an average, are being issued every day for traffic violations in the commercial capital. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15024002", "title": "Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik opposes land acquisition drive", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) will launch a statewide agitation against acquisition of agricultural land in the name of development and failure of the government and companies to fulfil the promises made to people who lost their land.The phase-wise agitation will begin from August 2 and continue till August 22 under the leadership of JVM-P chief Babulal Marandi . During those 20 days the party intends to organize around 300 public meetings to garner public support. On September 3, the party will organize a dharna at the state secretariat.The meeting was attended by all MLAs, MPs, central committee members, district presidents and other senior leaders of the party.Central general secretary of the party Pradeep Yadav said over the last six decades, more than 25 lakh people have been displaced in the name of construction of irrigation projects.\"The latest attempt of the government is to displace hundreds of families for construction of educational institutions at Nagri. We are against acquisition of agricultural land and will support the villagers in their agitation,\" said Yadav.During the meeting, the leaders also discussed the strategy for strengthening the party at the grassroots level before the next assembly election. The party will strengthen organization is all the 81 assembly constituencies.On the other hand, CPM politburo member Brinda Karat attended a public meeting at Ratu block and participated in a dharna at the block office. The participants demanded proper implementation of the Food Security Act.She criticized both the Union and state governments and alleged both ignored the interest of masses and played in the hands of corporate houses.JVM in Garhwa heading for a split?GARHWA: JVM in Garhwa district is apparently on the verge of split. The fact came to the fore at a workers' meeting addressed by the party's central general secretary Praveen Singh here when senior leaders including the district's president Raj Kumar Madhesiya boycotted the meeting. While the JVM central general secretary asked the workers to unite and stressed that the party's supremo Babu Lal Marandi's message should reach every nook and corner in the district, the meeting proved to be a flop as a dozen senior leaders of the party did not turn up. Among those who boycotted the meeting included, district president Raj Kumar Madhesiya, district yuva president Firoz Khan and MLA's representative Rinku Tiwary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15024063", "title": "MIDC plots for farmers affected by land acquisition", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has allotted developed industrial plots to around 81 land acquisition-affected persons (LAPs) near Sinnar, while the rest of the 125 LAPs are to be allotted the industrial plots shortly.As per a state policy introduced in 2006, around 15% industrial and 5% commercial areas of the total land acquired by the district collector, are allotted to LAPs. The status of these plots will be industrial or commercial and they do not need the NA (non-agriculture) approval, which is normally required for non-agricultural use of agricultural land.Regional officer, MIDC, Ramdas Khedkar said, \"We have started allotting developed industrial plots of over 120 ha to 206 land affected persons. So far, ready industrial plots have been allotted to around 81 LAPs, while the rest of the 125 LAPs will be allotted industrial plots, shortly.These farmers are from Musalgaon and Gulvanch areas in Sinnar tehsil.\"\"An employment generation is an objective of the MIDC as well as the state government and our goal is to make efforts to achieve this objective.\"The district collector acquires sterile lands, beneficial for industry. We coordinate with him. Farmers have misunderstandings about land acquisition. I want to make it clear that the MIDC has no policy to acquire irrigated land. If there is such land proposed for acquisition, we reduce its quota. I appeal to farmers of behalf of MIDC and the state government to give land for industrial purposes. This will lead to financial development of these areas and generate employment,\" Khedkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15025074", "title": "Resorts in Coimbatore are on safer side", "text": "COIMBATORE: Union government's move is unlikely to make any impact on tourism operation in the forest fringes of Coimbatore as many of them are located beyond the proposed five kilometer limit. And most of them located in Valparai, Anamalai, Veliyankad, Kallar, Anaikatty and Siruvani areas are small-scale home stay facilities and they have been exempted from the purview of the guidelines.Compared to other forests regions in the country, tourism related to tiger reserves is very minimal in Coimbatore. Anamalai Tiger Reserve, the major tiger reserve in the district, is not exposed to any large scale tourism.\"But a lot of leisure tourism activities are coming up close to forests under the garb of home stays. The new move to collect huge amount from resorts in the name of protecting wildlife, may tempt them operate under garb of home stays and clandestinely promoting leisure tourism,'' said C R Jayaprakash, a leading environmental activist here.According to Krishnaraj of Ambra River Resort at Amabarampalayam near Anamalai in Pollachi, resorts in Polalchi-Anamalai region will not be affected by the proposal as they are at least 20 km away from the tiger reserve. \"There are about 10 major resorts in the Anamalai area. But none of them comes within the five km of the reserve. Visitors are being taken to the forests strictly following the rules stipulated by the forest department,'' he said.In Valparai, no resorts are being operated in the area. \"There are about 50 small-scale home stay facilities here. Forest department is monitoring them to ensure that they are operated according to prescribed limits of home stay. According to the rule, the service provider should be the resident with the family while the home is being used for home stay facility,'' said Jaflet Frank of Misty Creek Home Stay in Valpapari.Apart from commercial tax, we need not to pay any other taxes. Tourism in Valparai will not be affected by the fresh move, he said.Forest fringes like Siruvani, Anaikatty, Mulli, Walayar, PN Palayam, Thondamuthur and Mettupalayam also have minor home stay facilities only.Close to Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuary in Erode district, there are four major resorts in Hassannur-Dhimbam areas and they may come under the purview of the rule. But areas like Bhavani Sagar will not be affected by guidelines.\"It is a welcome move that tourism players are asked to share the responsibility of protecting wildlife. But tourism is not the only commercial activity here. A cement factory is situated in Walayar and brick kilns are operating in Thadagam-Anaikatty region. In P N Palayam and Mettupalayam, housing colonies and gated communities are mushrooming close to forests. The government should collect a share of profit from them to protect the wildlife,'' says Jayaprakash.Tourism revenueK A Shaji |TNNCoimbatore: Union Government's move to collect ten percent of the turnover of tourism operators close to tiger parks and wildlife corridors as local conservation fee is unlikely to make any impact on tourism operations in the forest fringes of Coimbatore. Unlike in the case of Mudumalai Wildlife Sanctuary in Nilgiris, no major resort is functioning within 5 km of any forest area in the district. The small scale home-stay facilities in areas like Valparai, Anamalai, Veliyankad, Kallar, Anaikatty and Siruvani will not be affected by the move as the proposal itself exempt them all.While comparing with other forests of the country, tiger-tourism business is very minimal in Coimbatore and the Anamalai Tiger Reserve itself is devoid of exposure to any large scale tourism resort. But the real concern is that a lot of leisure tourism activities are coming up now a days in the close vicinity of forests under the garb of home stays. If the government is going to collect such a huge amount from resorts to protect wildlife and benefit local communities, there are chances of more resorts coming under garb of home stays and clandestinely promoting leisure tourism,'' observes C R Jayaprakash, leading environmental activist.According to Krishnaraj of Ambra River Resort Amabarampalayam near Anamalai in Pollachi, resorts in the Polalchi-Anamalai region are not going to be affected by the proposal as they are at least 20 km away from the tiger reserve. Though there are about 10 major resorts in the Anamalai area, no one comes within the five km of the reserve. All the resorts are away from forests and located within long expanses of coconut farms. We are not having any commercial activity close to the forests. Visitors are being taken to the forests only as per the strict forest department rules,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15029012", "title": "Rahul Roy to turn director?", "text": "Led into Bollywood by the Bhatt camp in movies like 'Aashiqui' and 'Junoon', actor Rahul Roy is set to make a comeback, though this time as a producer and director as well.Rahul forayed into production last year with a Bhojpuri film 'Elaan', made under the banner of Rahul Roy Productions, featuring Bhojpuri megastar Manoj Tewari in the lead role and taking on the issue of corruption.\"I had produced a Bhojpuri film last year in November and it did quite well. So then I decided to produce a Hindi film. It is not easy as the Hindi film industry is different and much bigger. I am almost done with the script, it is a romantic-thriller,\" Roy told PTI.Now Rahul is ready to don the hat of actor, as well as the producer-director.\"I am keen to go back to Hindi films, both as an actor and hopefully as a director. I might end up directing this film. Also, I might act in the film...I haven't thought about acting yet...but direction is likely to happen,\" Roy said.The untitled venture will be a two hero film. \"We would have two actors and one heroine. One actor will be from south and the other actor and the lead actress from Bollywood,\" Rahul said.\"When I was writing the script, I did have stars in my mind, but can't reveal their names, it is too early,\" he said.The film is likely to go on floors later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15025356", "title": "Dry weather spell in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Dry spell continues in Madhya Pradesh as hot and humid weather conditions prevail all over the state. The Met office has ruled out any respite in near future.The officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said similar weather conditions would prevail for at least a few more days. Fresh formations in the Bay of Bengal would give MP its due share of rainfall or not would be clear by the weekend, the officials added.In absence of rainfall for past many days, the temperature has gone up. The maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 38.0 and 24.0 degrees Celsius on Tuesday.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 34.1 (+3) degrees against a minimum temperature of 25.0 (+2) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 32.8 (+4) degrees and minimum at 24.0 (+1) degrees C.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 38.0 (+4) degrees and a minimum temperature of 28.5 (+3) degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperature at Jabalpur was recorded at 33.0 (+3) and 25.0 (+1) degrees Celsius.There may be a possibility of rain and thundershowers at some places in Rewa, Sagar, Jabalpur and Shahdol divisions on Wednesday, weatherman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15023336", "title": "Decomposed body of elder found, unstable son handed to kin", "text": "GURGAON: A highly decomposed body of a 75-year-old man was found on Tuesday in a house in the upscale Sector 4 in Gurgaon. The body of the victim was found after neighbours complained to police of the foul smell emanating from the house.His 40-year-old son, who is said to be mentally unstable, was detained by police and later handed over to his relatives.According to eyewitnesses, the son was lying nude and smoking in the room where his father's decomposed body was found on the floor. The victim was said to be a retired executive of an automobile firm in Gurgaon. The victim's wife had died five years ago, while his eldest son died in a road accident 10 years ago. His daughter lives in Mumbai.The body has been sent to Civil Hospital for postmortem. DCP (west) Surender Pal Singh said, \"The cause of death will be known only on Wednesday after the postmortem report comes. The son, who has been handed over to his relatives, used to live with his father in the house. The father used to take care of his son.\" The level of decomposition indicates that the man had died four or five days ago, cops said.The residents welfare association had, in the past, complained to police about the son as he used to roam in the colony without any clothes in the altogether. Police, however, did not take any action, alleged the RWA general secretaryAmit Arora.Police were informed around 3pm, when some residents had broken the window pane to see what had happened in the house. \"A foul smell wafted out of the window when we broke the pane. The face of the victim had injuries and the son was not wearing any clothes and smoking in the room,\" one of them said.Neighbours said the father never spoke to anyone and was seen in the market to buy grocery. \"He used to cook for his son. The main door of the house used to be locked all the time,\" he said. When police arrived, the son only mumbled something. \"The body was swollen and was beyond recognition. Police forced the son to cover himself in a piece of cloth before taking him out of the house.\"The residents said the victim's eldest son had died in an accident in Delhi and his daughter lived in Mumbai. The police found several milk packets scattered in the room, the suspect, had been defecating in rooms where the body was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "15024985", "title": "Chitradurga ryots turn rain-makers", "text": "Chitradurga: Fed up with the rain playing truant and the government dilly-dallying on cloud seeding, Chitradurga farmers decided to become rain-makers. They used their native knowledge and performed `Varuna Yantra' on Sunday. As June and July are the most important months for agricultural operations, the farmers couldn't wait for rain, unlike the government which has been caught up with political transitions to implement cloud seeding. On Sunday evening, hundreds of farmers from different villages performed the `Varuna Yantra,' a technique to attract clouds, atop a hill at the Vanivilasa Sagar, the main water source in the district. On Monday, the district witnessed mild showers, which made the farmers promptly attribute it to Varuna Yantra. About eight barrels filled with firewood, each at a distance of 8-10 feet, were ignited. After the firewood turned into cinders, salt crystals (sodium chloride) of over five quintals were poured into the barrels. Firewood and salt were added continuously to maintain the cinders. The process was carried on for nearly four hours. The smoke engulfed the entire area and spiralled towards the sky, igniting hopes in the eyes of the %people. Varuna Yantra has been conducted at many places including Gadag, Jagalur and Jevalagi. The farmers claim that it had resulted in the occurrence of rains in about a 15 km %radius. D Sudhakara, MLA who was instrumental in arranging it, said: \"I was confident this operation would yield positive results. Hence, I thought of arranging it in the interests of people, who were distressed over of drought in our district.'' Irrigation department assistant executive engineer Yogananda, who supervised the operations, said that the smoke from the burning of sodium chloride would create depression and attract clouds. The AEE said that Varuna Yantra was practised in Maharashtra. He said the process was scientific as the sodium chloride dissolves in the atmosphere and influences cloud formation. Elsewhere in the district, like in Naikanahatty and Parasurampura, villagers are performing `Parjanya japa' for appeasing the Rain God.Former CM DV Sadananda Gowda had announced on June 15 that the state government would conduct cloud seeding, if rains continue to play truant for another 15 days. But it was postponed, after which the political drama unfolded. If the government wants to implement cloud seeding, it will have to get permission from the civil aviation, defence and home ministries. The Andhra Pradesh government has objected to the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023654", "title": "Scared residents look for safety steps", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday's incident where a seven-year-old girl Sanjana Thorat was dragged away by a leopard into the forests to devour her and only leave the head has sent shock waves among residents staying on the fringes of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park. Having spent a sleepless night on Monday, the residential complexes falling close to the jungle location held meetings on Tuesday to discuss on safety measures and also put up warning not to step out at night alone.\"On Monday night many of the locals residing in hutments on the hilltop remained awake. The very next day, they took out a rally to the corporator's office demanding security so that the leopard attack does not take place again,\" said Mulund colony resident Pawan Sharma.Sharma said the people at Shankar Tekdi did not allow their children to step out of the house. \"This fear will last for a few days and again people will start living a normal life. We human beings encroach into their territory which makes the animal to enter ours in search of food,\" he said.But at Raheja Vihar residential complex in Powai from where a six-year-old Anmol Bansal was picked up by a leopard in 2006, people still live in fear. A notice continues to remain even today that instructs \"people residing at these complexes not to step out alone after 6.30pm as there can be danger of being attacked by leopard,\" said Sakinaka resident Pramod Chavan.\"Anmol was my son's friend. The leopard was on a tree when it pounced on Anmol and took him away. Sunday's Mulund incident brought back memories of that day,\" said Powai resident J P Shetty.He said there are different routes through jungle from where the leopard enters the city. \"Nowadays, leopards are cited at IIT, which is situated very close to SGNP. There is a lack of security measures to safeguard the place,\" he said.Chavan said 15 days ago two leopard cubs had come near the vicinity of the hostel inside the IIT campus. \"The students staying in the hostel are living in fear ever since they saw the leopard,\" he said.Mulund police inspectors D J Patil and Y L Jadhav said the police patrolling the periphery of SGNP falling in Mulund and Bhandup locality frequently see leopards walking on the road. \"We close the windows in fear,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15024777", "title": "2-day downpour rekindles hopes", "text": "Dharwad: With parts of Dharwad district receiving good rain on Monday and Tuesday, farmers who had feared the prospects of a severe drought, cheered. They are now in high hopes that the downpour will continue for a few more days. Farmers say the rain should continue for at least four more days in a row so that whatever crop is coming up will be saved. Rain on Monday and Tuesday was quite widespread. Till the first half of July, Dharwad district received rainfall much below the average, causing concern. Dharwad taluk has received 37.5mm (from July 1-13) against an average of 183.8mm during the month. Hubli taluk received 30.7mm (normal average 120.4mm), Kalghatagi 48mm (245.6mm), Kundgol 12.4mm (135.7mm) and Navalgund 11.3mm (73.2mm). Paddy, maize, cotton, groundnut, greengram and soyabean are the major crops of Dharwad district. The total target for sowing was 2.62 lakh hectares but the actual area sown stands at 69,853 hectares which means only 33.9 per cent of the targeted area has been sown. In Navalgund only 275 hectares (against 44,545 hectares target) has been sown. Unable to sow the seeds in the absence of adequate rain, the farmers had been selling the groundnut seeds meant for sowing. Similarly those who had stocked large quantity of chemical fertilizer expecting good monsoon are trying to sell the fertilizer at a throw away price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023115", "title": "BMC patches up Colaba road", "text": "Mumbai: The road cave-in at Madame Cama Road near Regal Cinema that held up traffic all through Monday was restored on Tuesday. While in Thane a huge portion of the service road near the Teen Haath Naka junction caved in and trapped the rear wheels of a school bus. No injuries have been reported.\"Roads department engineers worked through the night and were able to repair the road before Tuesday morning. Keeping in mind the importance of the road, we ensured that the work is completed as soon as possible,\" said a civic official from A-ward. The traffic department maintained that the road was thrown open to the motorists on Tuesday. \"Traffic was not disrupted as we had opened the road in the morning,\" said a traffic department official. Meanwhile, TOI has learnt that the civic body in all likelihood will conduct a study of the soil rock pattern beneath the city roads to prevent any such mishap.According to roads department officials, an old sewage pipeline under the road was damaged and the leaking utilities led to soil erosion, resulting in the cave-in. The meeting to discuss the Peddar road cave-in was called off on Tuesday as traffic department officials were caught up with the assembly proceedings.Meanwhile, locals in Thane said the spot which sunk in was recently covered up and repaired after the long period of digging to lay underground pipes. On Tuesday, as the school bus from Sulochanadevi Singhania school was waiting for the signal to turn green, the road caved in and the rear wheels got stuck in the crater.Passersby rushed to the rescue of the children in the bus. Another school bus was summoned at the spot and the children boarded the new bus and left for their homes. Meanwhile, two huge cranes were called at the junction to pull out the bus stuck in the crater. Civic officials who rushed to the spot promptly began the blame game and pointed an accusing finger at the shoddy work carried out the department which supervised the laying of underground pipes here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024559", "title": "NMC notices to 1,150 cattle sheds to check Chandipura virus", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the mosquito menace has increased to a great extent in the last few days, the city is fortunate not to have registered any case of the fatal vector-borne disease Chandipura. To prevent any cases of Chandipura, which has gripped the rural areas, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started serving notices to 1,150 illegal cattle sheds in the city.Medical officer (malaria and filaria) Dr Ashok Urkude told TOI that the city had registered two positive cases of dengue and 23 of malaria this year till June 30. \"Chandipura, one of the deadly vector-borne disease is caused due to sand fly. Cattle sheds are ideal places for breeding of sand flies. Therefore, notices have been given to all cattle sheds to ensure cleanliness and dispose off entire cow dung stored at the sheds,\" he said.Urkude further said that NMC has procured 100kg of Ultima powder according to the recommendation of the state government. \"We used to spread bleaching powder in cattle sheds and other unhygienic places. For the first time, dusting will be done using Ultima powder from Monday. Besides, teams of NMC workers will go door-to-door, especially in slum areas, to check breeding places of mosquitoes. Citizens should vent pipes, overhead water tanks and sumps are covered to prevent breeding of mosquitoes,\" he said.Urkude also said that a campaign will be launched in NMC schools to make students aware of the spread of vector-borne diseases. \"The campaign will kick off from Kapil Nagar School in Ashi Nagar zone on July 23.\"However, NMC has failed to complete two projects - bin-free and mosquito - free city - launched few years ago. NMC could have controlled the breeding of mosquitoes if it had succeeded in these two projects. Besides, NMC releases sewage into open nullahs and rivers, promoting the mosquito menace.Similarly, the has also failed to move the cattle sheds out of the city limits. Instead, the number of cattle sheds are on the rise. In 2010, NMC had prepared a plan to free the city of cattle menace by establishing a Cattle Stable and Dairy Farm at Gorewada at a cost of Rs10 crore. But nothing has been done about it till date. NMC's data estimates the number of cows and buffaloes within city limits at over 7,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15025789", "title": "Mentally ill man found with father\u2019s rotting body", "text": "GURGAON: A highly decomposed body of a 75-year-old man was found on Tuesday in a house in the upscale Sector 4 in Gurgaon . The body of the victim was found after neighbours complained to police of the foul smell emanating from the house.His 40-year-old son , who is said to be mentally unstable , was detained by police and later handed over to his relatives .According to eyewitnesses , the son was lying nude and smoking in the room where his father's decomposed body was found on the floor .The victim was said to be a retired executive of an automobile firm in Gurgaon . The victim's wife had died five years ago , while his eldest son died in a road accident 10 years ago . His daughter lives in Mumbai .The body has been sent to Civil Hospital for postmortem . DCP (west) Surender Pal Singh said , \"The cause of death will be known only on Wednesday after the postmortem report comes . The son used to live with his father in the house. The father used to take care of his son .\" The level of decomposition indicates that the man had died four or five days ago , cops said .The residents welfare association had , in the past , complained to police about the son as he used to roam in the colony without any clothes. Police, however , did not take any action , alleged the RWA general secretary .Police were informed around 3pm, when some residents had broken the window pane to see what had happened in the house. \"A foul smell wafted out of the window when we broke the pane . The face of the victim had injuries and the son was not wearing any clothes and smoking in the room ,\" one of them said .Neighbours said the father never spoke to anyone and was seen in the market to buy grocery . \"He used to cook for his son . The main door of the house used to be locked all the time ,\" he said . When police arrived , the son only mumbled something .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15024025", "title": "Fishing canoe capsizes", "text": "MARGAO: A motorized fishing canoe capsized off the beach at Betalbatim due to gusty winds and strong sea currents on Tuesday afternoon.All the ten fishermen who were aboard the capsized canoe were rescued and brought to safety.The crew of another fishing canoe that was behind the ill-fated canoe, heard the cries of the distressed fishermen and helped them come aboard their vessel.Police sources said that there were no casualties. Lifeguards on duty at the Betalbatim beach rushed to the aid of the capsized canoe, but the fishermen had been rescued before their arrival.A large crowd of onlookers had gathered at the beach once the news of the canoe capsize spread aross the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025555", "title": "2 held for thrashing Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited junior engineer, workers", "text": "PUNE: The Dattawadi police on Tuesday arrested two persons for allegedly thrashing a junior engineer and other employees of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL), when they had gone to cut their power supply for non payment of bill arrears worth Rs 1.38 lakh.The incident took place at Dattawadi on Tuesday afternoon. The police arrested the suspects Gafur Ahmed Pathan (44) and his brother Hussain (33), both of Dattawadi, under section 353 (Assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) of the Indian Penal Code. A complaint has been lodged by Dattatreya Kulkarni, junior engineer of the MSEDCL.B S Kale, assistant police inspector of the Dattawadi police station, who is investigating the case said that the Pathan brothers did not make pay their electricity bills worth Rs 1.38 lakh. The MSEDCL had issued them notices for the same. \"When the duo did not pay heed, Kulkarni and other employees went to disconnect the power supply of their house on Tuesday,\" Kale said.Kale said that the duo thrashed Kulkarni and another employee Dhananjay Chede and also used abusive language. \"We have arrested the duo. We are investigating,\" Kale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025301", "title": "12 babies abandoned in Pune this year", "text": "PUNE: On an average, every month one infant is abandoned or secretly disposed of in Pune. Last year, the police registered 12 such cases where parents had either abandoned their babies or tried to secretly dispose of the dead bodies of newborns to conceal their births.This year, 12 cases have already been reported in the six months between January and June, according to police records. Among these, seven were girls and five were boys. They were found in garbage containers, on the roadside and in secluded corners of hospitals.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeevkumar Singhal said, \"One of the main reasons why mothers abandon their offspring is when they have relations outside wedlock. They obviously do not want to take responsibility for the child born out of such relationships, so they simply dispose of it. In most cases it is an unwed mother.\"Asked whether the current drive against sonography centres could be a reason for the rise in cases in the last six months, Singhal said, \"I don't think there is a specific reason. The drives against sonography centres and abortion pills cannot be associated with the cases of abandoned babies. They are two different things.\"In some cases, the abandoned newborns were found to be male infants, thus ruling out the known reason of male sex preference.Adding that the police make every effort to gather information from nearby private nursing homes and hospitals of women who have had recent deliveries to track down the offenders, Singhal pointed out that the root cause appeared to besocial.Last week, a two-day baby boy was found abandoned near a garbage bin in Bibvevadi. The baby was found dead in a red plastic bag. The incident came to light after morning walkers found stray dogs dragging away the bag. The police took the baby to Sassoon hospital for a post-mortem. They suspect the baby might have been delivered at a nearby hospital or in a slum and abandoned because it was born out of an illicit relationship.In another incident, a newborn baby girl was found dead in a public toilet at Kothrud near the PMPML bus depot three months ago. Someone had attempted to flush the baby down the toilet.In April, a newborn baby was found abandoned in a duct between two buildings on the premises of Bharati hospital.According to the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) report, Maharashtra has the highest number of abandoned newborns in the country and is placed sixth in cases of infanticide and foeticide.The NCRB report showed that 1,232 newborns were abandoned in Maharashtra from 2007 to 2011. This is way ahead of states like Rajasthan with 674 cases, Gujarat with 660, Madhya Pradesh with 525, Andhra Pradesh with 269 and Delhi with 201 cases.Surprisingly, no newborns were abandoned in Uttar Pradesh in the last five years. Maharashtra has been in the news recently after an illegal abortion racket at Beed was exposed, forcing the government to crack down on doctors carrying out illegal pregnancy tests and abortions.2011Police registered 12 cases:* Cases under IPC 317 (Exposure and abandonment of child under twelve years, by parent or person having care of it): 5 cases* Cases under IPC 318 (Concealment of birth by secret disposal of dead body): 7 cases2012Police registered 12 cases between January and June* Cases under IPC 317 ((Exposure and abandonment of child under twelve years, by parent or person having care of it): 6* Cases under IPC 318 (Concealment of birth by secret disposal of dead body): 6", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15026868", "title": "Censor Board refuses to certify Sunny Leone's 'Jism 2'", "text": "Pooja Bhatt may be gung-ho about her sequel to Jism, which also happens to be adult film star Sunny Leone's Bollywood debut, but the Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC) is obviously not. We've learnt as on Tuesday evening, CBFC has refused to certify the film saying they find it way too explicit. The board has demanded that Pooja dilute all lovemaking scenes in the film by 50 per cent at least.A senior member from CBFC (on request of anonymity) told TOI, \"Pooja Bhatt was sent home. We refused to certify her film. Jism 2 will obviously get an A certificate at a later stage but only when she incorporates the changes which we have asked for.\"Asked what exactly the CBFC objected to, the senior member said, \"There are four lovemaking scenes in Jism 2 , all with Sunny Leone in them. The problem is not the number of such scenes, but their length. All four scenes are too long and will have to be cut so that their impact is diluted. There is no frontal nudity but kaafi explicit hai . Hence, we did not issue a certificate. We will certify the film only when Pooja returns with the modified version, which should have the intimate scenes cut to half their length.\"When contacted, Regional Officer at CBFC, J P Singh, confirmed the development saying, \"We have asked Pooja to dilute the lovemaking scenes. There are certain norms and guidelines, which every filmmaker has to follow.\"Needless to say, Pooja isn't amused. TOI spoke to her on her way back from the CBFC office. For starters, she was in denial about having been asked to cut the length of the controversial scenes in Jism 2 . \"I sat down and thought about what they had said. They have a problem with certain shots, like the one where Sunny turns around and a part of her breast is visible. If I really had a problem, I would have headed straight to the Revising Committee. I don't, so I will introduce close-ups wherever wide angles have been used in the scenes in question. It's okay. It will not amputate my film,\" said the firebrand director.But isn't she disappointed the sequel has run into censor trouble? \"No. They objected to certain shots in Jism nine years ago but if you look at them today, they are child's play. So let's see what happens when I take my copy back to them,\" she shot back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "15025210", "title": "Funds meant for kids used to build colleges", "text": "SALEM: The website of the Indian Christian Mission Centre (ICMC) at Salem makes a heart-rending plea for more money from donors for orphans and poor children. Jamie Briggs who works with a church in Connecticut, USA was quite impressed when he saw this. But when he visited the Promised Land orphanage at Paruthikadu, he found the conditions quite squalid.Alongside were several schools and colleges, part of the same group. \"They said they use the money for the children's needs,\" he said. \"But when I went there, it looked like they were building lots of colleges with that money.\" On returning home, Briggs lodged a complaint with the American Director on their International Board of Directors.In 2010-11, the ICMC declared their annual foreign contribution received to be 3.34 crore. Expenditure that year was 3.95 crore of which 1.4 crore was spent on orphans and 85 lakh on establishment expenses. Ask an expert in the field and they would tell you that 1.4 crore per annum may not be adequate to maintain an orphanage. \"Depends on the number of children housed there,\" said Glory Gunaseelan, superintendent of the Government Home for Boys in Royapuram in Chennai.According to the ICMC website, they house 2000 odd children in their home. \"Numbers have gone down now, it is only 700 children,\" said Revered Jayaraj Krishnan, founder of ICMC. Ashok Kumar , the manager of the orphanage said, \"I think the number of children is around 450 here.\"\"Judging by my experience in running a home, a sum of 1.6 crore per annum would be quite inadequate to house 450 children,\" reasons Glory. \"Mats, blankets and pillows alone will form a regular expenditure as young children cannot maintain them very well, naturally.\" A visit to the orphanage by the scribe showed that the dorms were converted classrooms each housing 20 children who slept on the floor on torn mats. There were no pillows. This was confirmed by Devaki, a district probationary officer in Salem. Malliga (name changed), an ayah reported that the food given contained very little vegetable and non vegetarian food was given only around Christmas. Bathrooms are open enclosures fitted with showerheads which makes them vulnerable to abuse.However, the organization runs four colleges including one in Salem city besides three schools which are all open to outsiders as well. A medical college and a hospital are under construction now in the Promised Land. \"All these buildings have been constructed using funding money,\" said Ashok Kumar. \"We get no aid from the government. We barely have any money,\" said Jayaraj Krishnan. \"It looks like we barely have any money to pay our car drivers, who we pay 7,000 a month.\" The organization, however, has 300 employees according to their website and has several pedigree dogs roaming about the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024813", "title": "Rajasthan High Court notice to govts over petition of sonography centres", "text": "JAIPUR: A Division bench of Justice N K Jain and Justice Bela M. Trivedi on Tuesday entertained a writ petition filed by association of sonography centers of states challenging the arbitrary action of the state authorities in making sudden checks and surprise visits and cancellation of their registration on merely techincal grounds.Issuing notice to the state and central ministries for Medical health and family welfare the Division bench has asked to justify the action being taken against the sonography centres in state of rajasthan and the sonologist who were though not charged for determinating sex of foetus but were found to be guilty of not following standard procedure and are still being prosecuted for same offence and punishment as that of sex determination under the law.The court called for an explanation form the cental and state health ministries on the issue. Indian Radiologist Association espousing the cause of sonography centres of state on tuesday approached high court with a plea that the sonologists and registerd sonography centres are being harassed in the garb of viligance over sex determination.The bench has aksed the government to clarify at to why the PDPNDT Act and the rule framed therein for prohibiting sex determination be not declared unconstitutional being discriminatroy in implementation.\"The association does not subscribes to promote any illegal action in the sonography centres including sex determination but at the same time the centres must not be harasses merely because the sonologist was not wearing a white aprin or bearing his name plate, etc. as such any aciton on these illegal grounds is unconstiutional in as much as it takes away the right to profess a profession from a doctor,\"reads the petition.Cousel for petitioner A K Gupta argued that the centers and doctors are being harassed merely on fimsical ground that the caution signboard having slogan \"no sex is determined here\" was not written in large letters or in hindi language, the record register was found ouside the lock and key, monitor of sonography machine was found 'on' desptie there being no patient in lab. The court appreciated that the centres are being harassed in the name of drive to curb sex determiniation.\"Our plea was clear that sonography technique is also used for diagnosis of various ailments like tumor, ulcers, cysts in ovary, any congenital diseases in womb also as such state and central authorities working under the PCPNDT Act and the rules framed thereunder are acting agaisnt the betterment of medical assistance to needy ailing patients,\"said Gupta.It was also argued by Gupta that when no sex determination was found or any evidence corraborating to the offence is found still the centre owners and doctors concerned are being prosecuted in the state for not complying techicalities which shows that they are being sentenced for the same punishment which is prescribed for the offence of sex determination which is violative Article 14 of the constitution as the government is subjecting innocent persons to harsh punishments as such the law be declared unconstituional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026071", "title": "No breakthrough in sari firm robbery", "text": "KANPUR: Even after a lapse of 24 hours, the police have not been able to make much headway in the Collectorganj robbery case in which a security guard of a sari firm was killed and Rs 18 lakh looted on Monday.Though the police picked up different clues, all of them led to a dead end. Police teams visited a few shops in Generlganj Kahu Kothi area, where CCTV's were found to be installed but the exercise didn't prove to be of much help.According to police sources, the CCTV installed at Govardhan Sari Centre was found to be non-functional. \"The robbers have certainly did a recce of the entire area. If CCTV at this junction had captured images, it would have help us nab criminals,\" a police officer said.A police official said that the video footage of other shops is also being closely monitored and screened to identify the criminals.The double-barrel gun, which was looted by the robbers from the security guard Ram Vilas, is yet to be recovered. The police are also tracking the past record of robberies where employees of Govardhan Sari Centre were targetted and deprived of cash.Superintendent of Police (City), Umesh Kumar Singh said separate police teams were dispatched to possible hideouts and bordering Shuklaganj in Unnao district as they believed that the robbers could used it for hiding before escaping to other towns.However, a senior police official also raised questions on the reaction of the security guard of the sari firm. The security guard, they said, did not bother to open fire when the miscreants tried to overpower the staff.Singh said the police at district borders were alerted and all efforts were done to nab the criminals. Major checking exercise at all major entry and exit points connecting the district to other parts of the state is underway at present, he added. Cops said they were trying to identify the gang responsible for the act.\"There are no concrete developments as of now, but the police are working hard round the clock and using all available resources for an early breakthrough. The police have made some sketches on the basis of descriptions given by sari firm employees. But as of yet there are no arrests,\" the officer told TOI.The incident took place around 11.50 am on Monday, when three armed men entered one of the lanes close to the Union Bank of India branch in Generalganj Kahu Kothi area and decamped with the cash worth Rs 18 lakh before killing security guard Ram Vilas Tewari. The miscreants had taken away the double-barrel gun of Tewari and attacked other employees when they tried to resist.\"The police first need to know about the gang involved in the incident. At present we are busy with the excercise, toiling hard to find out through our sources. Many other aspects are being taken into consideration but right now we can't disclose much. However, I can only say that investigations into the case are on and a breakthrough is expected soon,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023785", "title": "Patna University entrance test a 'gift' to students with low marks", "text": "PATNA: It was a dream come true for some of the students who, despite scoring low marks in their class XII examinations, secured admission to three-year degree courses at Patna Science College, courtesy admission test.The introduction of entrance test for admission to undergraduate courses in Patna University (PU) colleges this year was a gift to a number of students who had failed to secure high marks in Plus 2 examinations for some reason or the other but proved their mettle in the test which fetched them a berth in the prestigious colleges of the state.A boy from Bhagalpur, who had secured just 61% marks in the Intermediate examination, got admission to Patna Science College after performing well in the entrance test. Had the admission been held on the basis of marks secured in the last qualifying examination, this boy could never have been admitted to the science faculty of any PU college, said Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha.The process of admission of students to BSc Part-I honours course in Patna Science College commenced on Tuesday. Students figuring in the first cutoff list are being admitted to the honours course in the subject of their choice, depending on the availability of seats. As many as 185 applicants figured in the first list published by the college. The admission would continue till July 21.Admission of students to BSc honours course in Magadh Mahila College commenced on Monday and all the candidates figuring in the first cutoff list got admission till Tuesday. The second cutoff list would be published on Wednesday.Admission of general category students to BCom Part-I honours course in Vanijya Mahavidyalaya also started on Tuesday. The admission of general category students would continue till Thursday. The students belonging to reserved categories would start getting admission on Friday.The admission process in B N College would also start on Thursday.In Patna College, admission to BA Part-I honours course would commence on July 21 and continue till July 25. Patna Women's College has already started admission to the undergraduate courses in science and arts streams.The admission process for the three-year degree courses in all the PU colleges would be completed by the end of the current month so that their classes could start from August 1, said PU students' welfare dean Ejaz Ali Arshad.Admission to postgraduation courses in the faculties of arts, science and commerce is already on and it is likely to be completed by July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15027889", "title": "Speeding car hits 3 in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A speeding car hit three people, including a 74-year-old man, in marine drive area on Wednesday morning.The incident happened at around 7.30am.A 17-year-old student of Jai Hind college was driving the car.The two others hit by the speeding vehicle are constables, who have suffered serious injuries.According to TV reports, the 74-year-old man died after being hit by the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15025011", "title": "350 booked for Rewari mini-secretariat rampage", "text": "REWARI: A day after violent clashes between farmers and police at the mini-secretariat here, police on Tuesday registered a case of rioting, attempt to murder and obstructing public servants from performing their duty against around 350 protesters, including their leaders.Those named in the FIR included Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) district president Ram Krishan Mehlawat, BJP state executive member Randhir Singh Kapdiwas, sarpanch Lakhi Ram, ex-sarpanch Dhanraj, nambardar Gurdayal, Bane Singh and Kalu Ram, advocate Ajay Yadav, Mahant Adityanath and Sukhanand and community leader Bhai Sheolal, an official said, quoting the FIR.Police had slapped charges under sections 115 (abetment), 147 (rioting), 149 (unlawful assembly), 182 (False information, with intent to cause public servant to use his lawful power to the injury of another person), 186 (Obstructing public servant in discharge of duty), 307 (attempt to murder), 323, 332 (causing hurt), and 353 (Assault on public servant) of the IPC in the case registered at Model town police station.District magistrate C G Rajinikanthan has imposed section 144 of CrPC in a radius of 100 metres around the mini-secretariat. Gurgaon divisional commissioner T K Sharma also visited the district headquarters and took stock of the situation.Meanwhile, protesters had given a call for bandh in Rewari and Bawal towns on Wednesday. Also, the protesting villagers were shifted to a spot near Rajiv Chowk, a little away from the mini secretariat after imposition of prohibitory orders, but the dharna continued. \"Farmers are still firm on their demand for withdrawal of industrial township project on agriculture land spread over 3,000 acres in different villages of the district,\" they said.Though normalcy had returned to the town a day after clash, tension prevailed in the town, especially in areas near the mini-secretariat.INLD general secretary Ajay Singh Chautala , who was in Rewari on Monday night, condemned the incident and demanded immediate relief for the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023627", "title": "BJP slams Congress's 'insensitive' handling of Assam molestation case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hitting out at the Congress and the Assam government for its handling of the Guwahati molestation case where authorities have revealed the name and photograph of the victim, BJP sought to know how a party \"headed by a lady\" was dealing with this issue in such an insensitive manner.\"BJP not just condemns the incident, but also the totally insensitive way in which the Assam government, the National Commission for Women and Congress party has handled it. It is something that the nation will have to condemn in no uncertain terms,\" BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said.Hitting out at Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, Sitharaman questioned how \"the lady president of Congress party and chairperson of UPA is watching this sham being played in silence?\" BJP alleged that Assam was not a one-off case and women had been facing atrocities and harassment in most Congress-ruled states.The party said the Congress was running a government in Assam which \"does not even respect the first condition given in such a situation that the privacy of the victim has to be protected\". The Tarun Gogoi government in Guwahati had issued a press statement with the name and photograph of the victim.Demanding an apology and immediate arrest of the main culprit, BJP said the Congress government in Assam was not even conscious of its responsibility.\"The Congress party and more particularly the CM should apologize to the nation for showing insensitivity in the matter... Was the chief minister trying to score brownie points that the victim met him?\" Sitharaman said.BJP also objected to the role played by NCW in the case and for revealing the victim's identity. \"Did the commission issue an official notification forming the investigation team? The team members were not even aware of their responsibilities. Even before presenting their report, their recommendations were being touted as demands for the suspension/transfer of officials,\" Sitharaman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15026206", "title": "\u2018Builders fudge water data\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Builders seem to be fudging data related to water consumption while seeking green clearance for their projects , according to a recent report by the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE). A review of about 900 projects for environmental clearance in Haryana between 2008 and 2011 showed that only 2% of them had actually planned for the stipulated 135 lpcd (litres per capita per day) consumption while close to 50% of the projects had per capita water consumption between 50 to 100 lpcd. However,22% had put the consumption estimates at 150 lpcd.The estimates given by builders about wastewater generation and recycling were also found to be inconsistent. According to the report, several projects granted environment clearance on the MoEF website do not even have environmental conditions and grant letter. \"The information that is supposed to be in the public domain is not even available for several projects on the MoEF website... It is important that environment clearance process is based on effective monitorable approaches and benchmarks,\" states the CSE report.Also, big projects have been given a go-ahead in villages notified by CGWA as deficient in groundwater. Residential projects in Hyatpur, Wazirpur, Nawada Fatepur and Moeka villages in Gurgaon are examples of such violations . Some commercial malls in Sectors 47 and 74A in Gurgaon and Sector 8 in Sonipat have been approved as \"water-stressed areas\" .There have been instances, according to the report, of projects with varied built-up areas having suspiciously similar water and wastewater estimations. In some cases, the environment conditions are identical for projects with built-up areas that are seven times as big, the report stated.What is also surprising is that sanctions for new buildings have been granted mostly in water-deficient areas. All project proponents are required to obtain no objection certificates from HUDA, and Central Ground Water Board. The report blames monitoring as the weakest link with just six site offices of the MoEF in the state. Regional offices are also not adequately empowered, and have no authority to take punitive action even when violations are reported .Also, fewer members of the State Environmental Appraisal Committee are burdened with project clearance applications and EIA (Environment Impact Assessment) process. They are required to meet at least once a month when the average number of projects applying for EC is 15-20 every month .\"Therefore, generally, the discussions may not reflect the real issues and leave little or no time for detailed appraisal on the key project components,\" points out the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15026713", "title": "Hamid Ansari to file nomination for Vice-President's post today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vice President Hamid Ansari will file nomination papers on Wednesday for his re-election to the post amid expectations in UPA that he is set for a comfortable win.Ansari will submit four sets of nomination papers to Lok Sabha secretary general TK Vishwanathan, who is the returning officer for the August 7 vice presidential election, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi , leaders of UPA constituents, SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav , BSP chief Mayawati , RJD chief Lalu Prasad and CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury are expected to be present when Ansari submits his nomination papers.UPA sources said Ansari was expected to get 470 votes in the electoral college of 790. This without the support of Trinamool Congress which has 19 members in the Lok Sabha and nine in the Rajya Sabha.With the support of Trinamool and some small partiesm Ansari will get more than 500 votes, the sources said.On the eve of his filing of nomination papers, Ansari spoke to Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee and sought her support in the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024361", "title": "'Politics intrinsic to teachers' unions'", "text": "KOLKATA: It is difficult to remove politics from the heart of any union, even if it is a teachers' union. Keeping that in mind, those in the union should work towards a common goal - that of making education available to the maximum number of children of the country. This was said by Nobel laureate Amartya Sen at a programme organised by Pratichi Trust at the Calcutta University on Tuesday. He spoke at length on the problems of school education and the role of teachers' unions.When asked if it was possible to remove politics from teachers' unions, he said that this has not happened anywhere in the world and so it will not be possible here. However, involvement of politics in teachers' unions should not negatively impact student welfare. In a country like India where education is still beyond the reach of a large number of children belonging to the from the marginalised section, teachers' unions have a significant role to play.Interestingly, this comment from Sen - the advisor to the Presidency University mentor group - comes at a time when the Mamata Banerjee government has been talking of de-politicising campuses.Sen went on to say that the quality of school education in India is far below that of foreign countries and a real poribartan is needed there. \"Unless a significant change happens in the quality of education that we impart to our schoolkids, we will never see real development. So many children are still left outside the purview of education, this is not desirable,\" Sen added.He cited gave the examples of Japan and South Korea where significant steps were taken by the respective governments, to improve the standard of education. This became the fulcrum around which development happened in those countries. This example was followed later by countries like Taiwan and Singapore .Salaries of school teachers have significantly improved these days and Sen expressed happiness over this was happy about it. However, this has also widened the gap between poor students and teachers. Naturally there is the risk of teachers not being able to identify with the problems of their students, Sen felt.Since news of schoolchildren being mercilessly punished by teachers are making it to the headlines from all over the state, Sen was asked about the degree of punishment that can be meted out to schoolkids. \"I don't think punishment solves all problems, but I also feel that the rules should be looked at,\" he advised.At another programme in the city where Sen shared the podium with former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Somnath Chatterjee , he insisted that it is impossible to have a society devoid of all inequalities is an impossible. These are ideals that politicians talk about but cannot be really achieved. \"Such slogans only help to increase chasms. Rather, we should look at a democratic approach to solving crises and reduce the gap between the haves and the have nots as much as possible,\" he added.Sen spoke about how Chatterjee as a Parliamentarian had faced a lot of sangharsh but still emerged as an advocate of democracy in the end. He released a book by Chatterjee based on his life as a Parliamentarian.Later, Chatterjee expressed his concern about the way democracy has taken a backseat these days and parties are practicing politics of conflict. \"The well being of the country has taken a backseat while parties are constantly squabbling over their petty interests. We won our independence after a long struggle but now we are at the crossroad where no one thinks or talks about the greater interest of the country. These are dangerous times,\" Chatterjee said.The conversation naturally steered towards that fateful time in the political career of Chatterjee when he decided to go against the diktat of his party, the CPM, to continue as Speaker of the Lok Sabha. He was expelled from the party thereafter.Chatterjee has explained his stand on the issue in the book where he rued that his party was going through a critical time and the present leadership is responsible for that. The fact that the CPM was routed out in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls and the 2011 West Bengal Assembly elections, only proved his fears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15024011", "title": "Bhim Singh was killed: Vasco cops", "text": "VASCO: The police have now discovered that notorious criminal from Vasco Bhim Singh Sharma, 45, whose body was found on July 11, was murdered. Vasco DySP Lawrence D'Souza said, \"Initially, we booked the case as an unnatural death. After the postmortem it was confirmed that he was killed.\"The police have arrested three in connection with the murder-Vivek Panda, 30, originally from Kolkata, Rahul Kumar, 33, from Uttar Pradesh and Vijay Behra, 46, from Odisha. All the accused were staying at Khariawada and working as labourers at the jetty.On July 11, the Vasco police found Sharma, convicted in many theft cases, lying dead near the Khariawada jetty with a rope tied around his neck.After conducting a panchanama, his body was preserved at the Goa Medical College (GMC) for a postmortem. On Sunday, his postmortem result showed asphyxia as the cause of death.D'Souza said, \"A preliminary investigation has revealed that the accused were drinking and dining with Singh on that night and were under the influence of alcohol. Arguments over money and ego led to the murder. Singh's neck was tied with the rope and he was suffocated.The case has been registered under Section 302 r/w 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025278", "title": "Cases of water-borne diseases rising", "text": "PUNE: Doctors have noticed considerable increase in cases of water-borne diseases like gastro, diarrhoea, typhoid and jaundice in Pune in the last 15 days. Lack of rainfall and supply shortage are compelling people to use water that may not be clean.Residents of many localities in the city have complained about a stagnant taste of water, doctors said, adding that such water should be boiled. They have also underlined the need maintain hygiene in food and lifestyle.\"There is a spurt in cases of gastroenteritis and diarrhoea in Pune. Among the nine patients admitted in my hospital, six are suffering from gastroenteritis and diarrhoea. Their condition became serious because of dehydration following which they were admitted to our hospital. Besides, I have also seen three cases of jaundice in the last few days. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) needs to follow water chlorination methods more stringently,\" said physician Meenakshi Borate who runs 30-bed hospital in Parvati area.Physician Atul Joshi of Sahyadri Hospital said, \"Cases of water-borne diseases are definitely on the rise in Pune. Everyday, we admit three to four patients with gastroenteritis and diarrhoea.\"Jehangir Hospital authorities also confirmed that they are witnessing a steady flow of patients suffering from gastroeneteritis and diarrhoea.The age group most affected by water-borne diseases are children below 15 years. \"There is a dank taste in the water and this is being experienced by most of my patients. That may be one of the reasons that many people are falling sick due to water-borne diseases. As children have weak immunity against these microbes, they are the most vulnerable of the city's population,\" said paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar, former president of Indian Medical Association (IMA).Agarkhedar has seen 15 cases of typhoid, five cases of viral hepatitis (jaundice) and several cases of gastroenteritis in the last 15 days. \"I see around four to five cases of diarrhoea and gastroenteritis every day,\" he said\"Boiling water for 10 minutes is the best way to protect children from these diseases. Besides, parents should ensure that their wards carry their waterbottles. Children should refrain from drinking water outside,\" he advised.Family physician Avinash Bhondwe said, \"Waterborne diseases are on rise in Pune. People are complaining of odour and taste in water.\"Bhondwe sees two to three cases of typhoid every week and seven to 10 new cases of gastroenteritis every day. He also observed that some of the patients he had seen were resistant to usual course of antibiotics. Hence, he had to resort to injectible antibiotics\"Besides, there are occasional cases of jaundice. In the last 15 days, I have seen total five cases of hepatitis A (jaundice),\" Bhondwe said, adding, \"Most of these patients are from productive age group of 15 to 45. This is the mobile age group. They are the people who have to consume outside food and water. While cooking food and drinking water preferably boil and let it cool before using.\"S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC said, \"As per our surveillance, there are sporadic cases of jaundice. We are initiating precautionary measures to supply clean water. There is no need to panic.\"Reduce the risk of water-borne diseases* First, and most important, drink only clean and boiled water* Wash your hands properly, especially before you prepare food or eat* Wash fruits and vegetables in clean water before you eat them* If you go swimming, avoid swallowing water* It is advisable to boil or filter drinking water and have only well-covered and well-preserved food and liquids* Using pure water is the key for cooking, washing hands and drinking.* Use disposable glasses if you are on outdoor traveling and while eating in some line hotels.* Packaged water of a good company is a good solution to this.* Avoid road side open restaurants which are a good source of contamination", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15022983", "title": "Accused not pest control firm owner", "text": "MUMBAI: Rukhsar Almelkar, accused of culpable homicide for the deaths of Chougle siblings in Versova, does not own the firm that carried out pest control at their home. It is run by a family friend Javed Pettiwala who had engaged Rukhsar to manage the Yari Road operations.Arrested pesticide seller Hitendra Shah was produced in court on Tuesday and sent to police custody till Friday. The police will ascertain if he owned a licence to sell the chemical used at the Chougles' home, following which Rehab and Rameez died. The court extended Rukhsar's custody for three days. After officials received Rehab's final autopsy report from Cooper hospital, terming her death \"unnatural\" caused by \"pnemonitis with cerebro pulmonary oedema with hepatomegaly in a clinically diagnosed case of phosphine gas poisoning\", they filed charges under the Insecticides Act of 1968.TOI spoke to Pettiwala whose firm, India Pest Control, is based in Mira Road. The police have not approached him yet. \"We were yet to establish a full-fledged pest control business in Versova. My initial plan was to start a gaming zone with Rukhsar's brother. But she and her husband Ayub lead a difficult existence and I wanted to support their family,\" We were looking for office space,\" Pettiwala said.Rukhsar's family that lives in Thane is concerned for her ailing son (4) and daughter (9). The two study in CWC School, Versova, but are now living with their maternal grandparents. \"Ayub is fretting over why she gave information about pest control at the Chougles',\" Pettiwala said.Rukhsar had undertaken pest control at the homes of Lions Club members. \"She is a member. We wanted to help her,\" knowing her difficult financial situation,\" said Ajay Kaul, CWC School principal. She attended two jobs at Kaul's apartment, once for bedbugs, another for cockroaches and termites.\"She told us to leave the house locked for 24 hours after a bedbug treatment, and we did so. None of us asked if she had a licence as we knew her well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15025257", "title": "CTU buses \u2018ignore\u2019 girl students at Sec 18 stop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CTU buses don't take girls for a ride. Literally so.Harried girl students of GMSSS-18 have accused reckless CTU drivers of ignoring them and not stopping their vehicles at the bus stop in Sector 18. Some of the students have alleged that CTU bus drivers halt only for a few girls, whose parents are its staffers.Ritu, a student of Class XII, said, \"Instead of slamming the brakes at the bus stop of Sector 18, drivers tend to stop the buses near the entry point of Tagore Theatre and ignore us. There are only two buses \u2014 No 85 and 71 \u2014 which stop here regularly but timings of these buses are not fixed.\"Sarita, a Class X student who is a resident of Manimajra, said, \"Our school closes at 2pm but we reach home around 4.30pm because we are unable to board the bus on time. Most of the CTU buses stop far away from the bus stop.\"Another student, Sagrika, told TOI, \"Due to the callous attitude of the bus drivers, our study schedule has gone haywire.\"Local commuters also blame CTU drivers for indiscipline and going past the Sector 18 bus stop without stopping there. Sunita Devi, of Sector 18, said, \"Girls are overlooked at the bus stop. But it is not just them, the local residents also bear the brunt due to the careless attitude of the drivers.\"Devi said despite bus on the routes, to cover a long distance we have to hire auto-rickshaws which charge exorbitantly.A senior CTU officer said the matter would be looked into and claims of girl students verified.Meanwhile, CTU authorities have lodged a complaint against an unidentified girl for damaging their bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024731", "title": "Teen dies of cardiac arrest on flight", "text": "HYDERABAD: An Emirates flight, EK 374, flying from Dubai to Bangkok, made an emergency landing at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA), Shamshabad, on Tuesday morning after a passenger suffered a cardiac arrest. The 19-year-old passenger, Ali Ibrahim Parwish Sangoor Al Balooshi, was attended to by airport doctors in the aircraft and was declared dead following which his body was shifted to the RGIA Apollo Hospital. The patient was a resident of Dubai.The Emirates aircraft from Dubai landed at the Shamshabad airport at around 5.04am. Doctors at Apollo said the teenager suffered a cardiac arrest while on the flight. He was declared dead at 5.36am. Confirming the incident, Emirates officials in Dubai in their official statement said that the flight eventually departed from Hyderabad (for Bangkok) at around 6.10am. The officials, however, did not provide any other information about the deceased passenger. Police sources claimed that Al Balooshi was travelling to Bangkok with his parents for an obesity treatment. He weighed around 220 kgs.The RGIA police registered a case under section 174 of the CrPC (unnatural death that leads to inquest and post-mortem) following a complaint lodged by Emirates. Police confirmed that the passenger died a natural death on the aircraft, thus ruling out any possibility of foul play. \"After preliminary investigation and post-mortem, the body was handed over to his parents at around 12.30pm, who were also travelling with him,\" said D Durga Prasad, inspector, RGIA police station. The body was kept at the airport cargo thereafter. \"The boy's parents took the body back to Dubai on a late night flight,\" the inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15024511", "title": "Editor of channel that aired Guwahati molestation video quits", "text": "GUWAHATI: The editor-in-chief of a local TV channel that first aired the footage of a teenaged girl's molestation in Guwahati recently resigned on Tuesday, saying he did so as chief minister Tarun Gogoi could pressurize his management for his ouster.Atanu Bhuyan resignation came amid allegations that reporter Gaurav Jyoti Neog had instigated the mob to strip the girl. But he would continue to be one of the channel's directors.\"I am resigning from my post before the chief minister pressurizes the management of our channel for my resignation,\" said Bhuyan. \"Since the chairman-cum-managing director of the channel is the wife of health and education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, pressure can come from the chief minister asking for my resignation.\"He maintained that it was his cameraperson's duty to shoot what happened. \"... police have been able to nab the culprits only because of those video clippings.\"Bhuyan said he supports the reporter and does not think he instigated the molesters. \"It is a conspiracy to target our channel.\"He questioned the impartiality of the probe into the matter, saying the CM perception he articulated on Monday about Gaurav is not very good. \"I am doubtful how the CID enquiry into this matter will proceed after the chief minister blamed Gaurav even before the probe was complete.\"The CM had blamed Gaurav for not informing the police when the girl was molested.But the CM rubbished Bhuyan's comments and that his statement led to the reporter's resignation. \"This is false. I do not pressurize media houses or editors,\" he said. He said he had asked the CID to investigate if the reporter's voice in the video is genuine to ensure effective investigation.Bhuyan denied Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS)'s allegations about the reporter's links with Amar Jyoti Kalita, the prime accused in the case. He admitted that airing the video and revealing the girl's name was a mistake. He said the channel has shared the footage with the KMSS, police and other social organisations to help apprehend the culprits.He said recent attacks on Congress MLA Rumi Nath and KMSS leader Akhil Gogoi were not handed over to the CID as Congress leaders were allegedly involved. \"Why not a CID probe the other two incidents which took place in the last month.\"KMSS general secretary and Team Anna member Akhil Gogoi, who first produced video clips to show the reporter's involvement in the incident, welcomed Bhuyan's resignation. He said Bhuyan citing pressure from the CM as the reason for his resignation, shows political influence of Congress on the TV channel. Akhil demanded resignation of Zarir Hussain, managing editor of the TV channel, for defending the channel and urged the government to close down the channel.Akhil sought a probe on how the video clipping of the molestation was posted on YouTube. The KMSS leader said that it is clear from the girl's statement before the magistrate that newsmen tried to record the molestation. \"We warn the forensic labs here not to tamper with Gaurav's voice. We will send the raw footage to a neutral forensic agency outside Assam as there are chances of manipulation here,\" he said. \"A section of the police spread the rumour in the media that the main culprit has been arrested in Odisha. This was only to alert him. If he is apprehended the involvement of the journalist will be revealed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15023965", "title": "Sena leader acquitted in murder case", "text": "NASHIK: Six accused, including local Shiv Sena leader Ambadas Tajanpure, husband of former NMC corporator Bharati Tajanpure, were acquitted by the Nashik court on Tuesday of charges of murdering NCP activist Subhash Satpute in 2010.In the six-month long trail, sessions court judge SS Sharma examined 22 people, including six eyewitnesses and three others, on behalf of the accused, before acquitting the accused. The other five accused were Rahul Tajanpure, Mahesh Tajanpure, Ganesh Tajanpure, Santosh Jorvekar and Deepak Tajanpure.Tajanpures' lawyer Avinash Bhide pointed out that the defence was that the accused were falsely implicated on grounds of political rivalry and the deceased, Subhash Satpute, must have sustained injuries somewhere else in the alleged incident.On December 3, 2010, a case was registered at the Nashik Road police station by Santu Kashinath Satpute against all the six accused under various sections of IPC including charges of murder, attempt to murder and other sections of the Arms Act and the Bombay Police Act.The complainant had contended that on December, 2, 2010 at around 8.00 pm he, his wife Jeejabai, sons Kishore and Digambar, nephew Subhash Netaji Satpute and daughters in law were sitting in the house, at Chehedi village, near Maruti Temple, when all of a sudden, Ambadas Tajanpure, Rahul Tajanpure, Mahesh Tajanpure, who were armed with swords and Deepak Tajanpure, who had a wooden log in his hand barged inside the house with an attempt to kill everyone. While Ambadas, Rahul and Mahesh attacked Subhash Satpute with sword, while the other members of the family intervened, they too were injured in the scuffle.Subsequently, all the members in the family raised an alarm and as the neighbours rushed for help, the accused fled in a white Innova multi utility vehicle.While Santosh Jorvekar and Deepak Tajanpure were released on bail, the other four accused were in custody until the final hearing of the case on Tuesday.Lawyers Achyutrao Atre and Avinash Bhide appeared for the defence. Meanwhile, prosecution lawyer Ujjwal Nikam on Tuesday reportedly said that they would approach the Bombay high court in the case.In the 2007 Nashik Municipal Corporation elections, Ambadas Tajanpure's wife Bharati, from the Shiv Sena, had been elected from ward number 70, defeating Sushila Satpute of the NCP.The subsequent political rivalry used to often lead to brawls between the two families that culminated in the murder of Subhash, a nephew of Sushila Satpute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028070", "title": "Tom Cruise reunited with daughter for 1st time after Katie split", "text": "Tom Cruise has been reunited with his daughter Suri for the first time since his divorce from Katie Holmes .The 'Mission Impossible' star was pictured with the 6-year-old girl in New York - the first time they had been seen together since June 16, the Telegraph reported.She cuddled him with one arm and held a white cuddly toy in the other.Cruise had reportedly been speaking to Suri on the telephone and via Skype every day since Holmes announced the divorce on June 29.He flew in to New York overnight from Iceland , where he is filming his latest action film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15024759", "title": "Auto drivers make a killing in twin cities", "text": "Hubli: Gopalpur in Malamaddi in Dharwad is hardly a km away from the city railway station. Passengers who take an auto end up shelling out anywhere between Rs 50-Rs 80, while the actual charges are Rs 20. From Hubli railway station to Vidyanagar, a distance of 3 km, drivers brazenly demand nothing short of Rs 100-120 when the actual fare is about Rs 50. In the absence of prepaid autos and meters, passengers are at the mercy of auto drivers. Those who land from outside are at their wit's end. They operate with impunity right under the noses of the traffic cops at the bus terminals and railway station. Hubli railway station began the prepaid auto service in 2007 and it was extended to the old bus stand of Hubli and Dharwad. It was successful for a few years, but later closed down due to technical glitches. Speaking to TOI, auto union secretary M M Detari says running a prepaid auto service counter is an expensive affair. \"A counter needs at least three persons to man it and it has to generate at least Rs 12,000 to Rs 15,000 every month. \"But we don't get that kind of revenue every month,\" he adds. Detari says that there is no co-operation between traffic police and autorickshaw drivers. \"Other autos should be restricted for 100 metres from the prepaid counters. But this is not the case,\" he says and attributes this to one of the main reasons for the failure of the prepaid system. Speaking to TOI, RTO officer J S Purushottam says following the closure of the prepaid counter at the railway station and bus stand no one has come forward to take the initiative to resume the service, even though we are ready. Hopefully, the separate prepaid counter being built at Hubli railway station should see resumption of the service, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024590", "title": "Minister's kin in blackbuck poaching case", "text": "NAGPUR: Washim police are facing intense pressure while taking action against a gang of poachers as one of the members is said to be a close kin of a state minister. A case of poaching of black bucks was discovered by villagers in Kajalamba area in Washim district. A group of six poachers had come in a Qualis without its number plate. They managed to kill a blackbuck and were taking it away in a sack.Some villagers noticed them, stopped the vehicle and informed Ansing police station. PSI Pratapsingh Chavan reached the spot and took the poachers into custody. The cops also seized the dead blackbuck and the vehicle. However, the accused began flaunting political connections and called up some people in Mumbai. One of the poachers is said to be the nephew of a cabinet minister.This led to cops developing cold feet in the matter. Till late evening neither the police nor the forest department had registered an offence. Sources said there was intense pressure on officials to hush up the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024463", "title": "Eye on 2014 polls, BJP targets 25L new members", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party is embarking on grand preparations for the 2014 state and elections with a membership drive beginning on July 25 all over the state. A target of 25 lakh has been fixed for the drive. Use of high-tech, special software and computers giving all details of the 'vote bank' will be the highlights of the drive.\"The idea is to strengthen the party base. We will concentrate on every Lok Sabha and assembly constituency the party represents and make extra efforts in seats tat we do not hold. We have scrapped old membership rolls. A new database of all committed as well as fresh members will be now created,\" said state BJP president Sudhir Mugnatiwar. The drive will end on August 15.According to sources, the party has acquired software which will be put to use to compile the data. As many as 55 computers have been distributed among all district and city units of the party in the state. \"While details of the voters, like caste configuration, age profiles, gender will be available on a click of the button, date of birth and other important events on which voter would be sent sms messages will also be available in the software\" said a party insider.It will also provide information on the number of members every active activist has enrolled. For getting any party post, an activist will have to enrol at least 50 new members.\"The drive in the city will be special as we want to make sure that the city where its national president lives has spared no efforts in enlisting maximum number of new members. So we have fixed a target of 2 lakh for the city, more than double the existing numbers of 93,000 active members.\" said city unit president Krishna Khopde, addressing a party workshop on Monday. Already, Khopde has formed a jumbo team of 200 executive members and office-bearers to broad base the part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15024214", "title": "Swine flu is back, take care", "text": "BANGALORE: The dreaded swine flu or influenza1 (H1N1) has silently resurfaced in the state. But there is no need to panic as the virus is not as aggressive as it was when it first surfaced in India during 2009, say doctors.Of the 346 people who tested positive, 28 died in the first half of 2012. The figures may not be alarming but still sound a warning because the state has registered almost 100% more deaths than in 2011. Karnataka had lost 16 people to H1N1 last year, said the sources in the Department of health and family welfare.Last week, an18-month-old girl died in south Bangalore. In June, the virus claimed the life of a four-month-old boy in Haveri. While 135 people in the state succumbed to swine flu in 2009, 120 died in 2010.Davanagere is the most affected with 6 deaths. Bangalore rural and urban have reported 5 deaths. No death has been reported in Mysore.\"When you compare this year's statistics to 2009 and 2010, the figures look far more better. The virus keeps rotating its pattern. Any infection catches faster when the climate is cold as the virus survives longer in such circumstances. There might be a slight increase in the number of deaths this year but the timely steps taken by the government have helped in controlling H1N1,\" said Dr Shashidhar Buggi, director, Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Chest Diseases.Dr AB Chowdhari, in-charge, joint director, Communicable diseases, said: \"The reason behind increase in deaths due to swine flu could be that the virus has localized in the past three years. When a foreign virus adapts to the local environment, it becomes more active. But there is no need to worry as all the government and private hospitals have enough stock of Tamiflu.\"Who is more vulnerable?Doctors are seeing a possibility of the virus catching people with lower immunity or the migratory population. Said Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, medical director, Manipal Hospital: \"Timely dose of vaccination (Tamiflu) has increased the immunity of people against swine flu. That is the main reason behind the number of deaths coming down. But the virus has not completely mutated out. It can still be deadly for a person with low immunity or the one who has migrated to a new place and is not vaccinated against H1N1.\"How it spreadsThe flu virus spreads mainly from person to person through coughing, sneezing or talking by people with influenzaSymptomsUnusual tiredness, severe headache, runny nose, sore throat, shortness of breath or cough, sudden loss of appetite, aching muscles, diarrhoea or vomitingPrecautionsIf you have flu-like symptoms, stay at home, get plenty of rest and use the prescribed pain killers to relieve symptoms. If the flu stays for more than three days, contact your General Physician and undergo a test for H1N1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15022886", "title": "Two attacks on women in 24 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Two women were attacked in the city within a span of 24 hours.The first incident took place at Kamala Raman Nagar in Govandi on Monday night. A 26-year-old housewife was molested and assaulted by five youths when she went to a public toilet in the area around 11.45pm.\"As soon as I stepped out of the toilet, the men, all of whom are my neighbours, caught my hand and started misbehaving with me. They passed lewd comments at me,\" the woman said in her complaint. The victim somehow managed to free herself and rushed home. Around 12.30am on Tuesday, the accused barged into her house after breaking the door open. \"They misbehaved with me and assaulted me,\" the victim said in her complaint. \"They also assaulted my mother and relatives.\"Senior inspector (Shivaji Nagar) R S Agarwal said, \"The commotion alerted the neighbours, but the men fled when they realized a crowd had started gathering.\"Two of the men, Kalia Shafique (26) and Kalia Papa (28), have been arrested. Investigators said the men are known local goons. The cops are now searching for the other three men. The accused have been booked for outraging the modesty of a woman, criminal intimidation, assault and trespass.In the second incident, a rationing officer was manhandled by some residents at Kurar village in Malad (E) on Tuesday. Rationing officer Samiksha Shirdhankar had gone to Sanjay Nagar with eight officers to inspect homes of residents who had an LPG connection but were still buying kerosene through their ration cards.\"Around 3.45pm, Shirdhankar had an argument with some of the residents. Two of them manhandled her. Following a complaint lodged by Shirdhankar, The two, Nasif Sayyad and Sajid Patel, were arrested,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15025556", "title": "Ludhiana\u2019s young bring the house down with rain dance", "text": "LUDHIANA: When the weather is hot and sultry, only a few would miss an opportunity to get drenched, and if it is a rain dance party in question, there would be nothing better for the party freak youths.Picking up with the summer trend, the city witnessed a happening rain dance party on top of a Ferozepur Road-based mall on July 15, with Pakhowal Road resident Sheeba Kwatra, 20, as the host to her friends and acquaintances.Sheeba says the idea to hold a rain dance party came up when most people did not agree to step out of their air-conditioned rooms for a normal party because of the heat. \"My father Rajinder Kwatra then suggested we should plan a rain dance party. The set up for artificial rain is not available in Ludhiana, so we had to get it from Delhi,\" she adds.Three extra water tanks were arranged for artificial rain, apart from food and alcohol. \"Every party I throw has a different theme and a new DJ and I make sure those attending it are above 18 years of age,\" says Sheeba.South City resident Mehreen Kazi, 22, says she attended such a do for the first time in Ludhiana. \"I attend every party I can in Ludhiana but have never had such fun at any other event. The crowd here was decent and safe,\" she adds.Anu Handa, 23, came from Mohali just to attend the rain dance party. \"Sheeba keeps her parties during weekends and that is why I am able to attend her dos often. But, this particular party was much more fun with the artificial rain and all,\" adds Anu. \"I was impressed with the well organized party as a dance floor with rain under an open sky was fantastic,\" says South City resident Amrinder Singh Sokhi, 21.Aman Nagar resident Sahi Kwatra, 20, says for a party animal like her, the rain party had to mean some extra fun. \"As soon as I entered, I started feeling the artificial rain on my face. It was wonderful to sip a drink by the rain and not literally under it,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15025123", "title": "US nod for once-a-day pill to cut HIV risk", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the first time, a once-a-day pill which reduces the chance of contracting HIV among high risk groups \"significantly\" has got green signal in the US, where 1.2 million people are infected by the deadly disease. The drug,'Truvada' can now be used by those at high risk of the infection and anyone who may engage in sexual activity with HIV-infected partners, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced.\"In two large clinical trials, daily use of the drug was shown to significantly reduce the risk of HIV infection,\" it said on Monday. However, some health workers and groups active in the HIV community opposed the approval for the once-a-day pill.There are concerns that circulation of such a drug could engender a false sense of security and mean people will take more risks. There have also been fears that a drug-resistant strain of HIV could develop. People diagnosed with HIV that without treatment develops into AIDS take antiviral medications to control the infection that attacks their immune system.In a statement, the FDA stressed that the drug should be used as part of a \"comprehensive HIV prevention plan\", including condom use and regular HIV testing. Studies show that Truvada reduced the risk of HIV in healthy gay men - and among HIV-negative heterosexual partners of HIV-positive people - by between 44% and 73%.\"In the 80s and early 90s, HIV was viewed as a life-threatening disease; in some parts of the world it still is. Medical advances, along with the availability of close to 30 approved individual HIV drugs, have enabled us to treat it as a chronic disease most of the time,\" Debra Birnkrant, director of the Division of Antiviral Products at FDA, said.GM bacteria prevents malaria transmissionIn a breakthrough, US scientists have genetically modified a bacterium to kill the parasite that causes malaria before it infects humans. Researchers at Johns Hopkins Malaria Research Institute said their breakthrough could help prevent mosquitoes from transmitting malaria to humans. Malaria kills over 800,000 people worldwide every year, most of them are children.In the new study, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the researchers modified the bacterium, called Pantoea agglomerans, to secrete proteins that are toxic to the malaria parasite, but not harmful to the mosquito or humans. The bacterium is commonly found in the mosquito's midgut. It was found that the modified bacteria were 98 per cent effective in reducing the malaria parasite burden in the insects, the researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15023649", "title": "Five youth thrash constable, sent to jail", "text": "NOIDA: A police constable was thrashed by five youth near the Great India Place Mall on Monday evening when they were asked not to create nuisance. The youth not just misbehaved but also threatened to suspend senior police officials.Police said constable Giribar Singh, posted in Sector 39 police station, was deployed at GIP post. On Monday, around 7pm, five men came in a Swift Dzire car and stopped it in the 'no parking' zone. \"The five accused have been identified as Jagbir Singh, his brother Sukhbir, Jagdish, Rohan and Hemant. We have registered a case against then under Sections 147 (rioting), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 353 (assault to deter public servant from discharge of duty) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) of the IPC. They have been arrested and sent to jail. One of the men identified himself as the brother of an IPS officer in Madhya Pradesh,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025013", "title": "'Each RTI application to Allahabad HC costs Rs 500'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The average per capita income of a person in Uttar Pradesh may be Rs 70 per day, but if s/he had a question on state judiciary under the Right to Information (RTI) Act then the applicant has to pay Rs 500.A PIL complaint to the Supreme Court that excessive fee demanded under the new RTI rules framed by the Allahabad High Court to entertain an RTI plea was hindering citizen's right to know and requested for its quashing.A bench of Justice A K Patnaik and Justice Swatanter Kumar issued notice on the PIL filed by NGO 'Common Cause' after hearing advocate Prashant Bhushan, who said given the average per capita income a person needed to spend his entire week's earning to file an RTI query in the HC or district court.The new rules of the HC said: \"Each application shall be accompanied by cash or draft or pay order of Rs 500 drawn in favour of the Registrar General, High Court, Allahabad, or the district judge of the district court concerned as the case might be.\"The NGO said the Centre in April, 2011, had issued a notification asking the states and competent authorities to review their Fee Rules and fix the RTI application fee in consonance with the charge prescribed by the Union government in the Right to Indomation (Regulation of Fee and Cost) Rules, 2005, under which the application fee prescribed was Rs 10.The Supreme Court has accepted the fee prescribed by the Union government, but repeated requests by the Central Information Commission to the HC for revising the hefty fees had not yielded any result, the petitioner said.\"Rule 4 and 5 of the Allahabad HC (RTI) Rules, 2006, made in pursuance of Section 28 of RTI Act, 2005, prescribe an exorbitant fee of Rs 500 and impose an inflated cost of Rs 15 per page of information to be supplied, thus impeding the access to information for the cast majority of the population that is not economically advanced,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15024007", "title": "Fake coaching centres on rise in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: The Steel City, known for its best schools and coaching centers is struggling hard to hold on to its reputation as more number of institutes is cheating students with big promises and easy payment schemes. However, the institutes disappear into thin air collecting huge amount of money from the aspirants. Students have started losing faith on coaching institutes.Owners of three big coaching and educational institutions have fled after taking money in lakhs from several students in past 11 months. Police have failed to nab the accused in all the cases. Brilliant Tutorial, Kiran Counselling Center and Times Education are three such institutes that have once promised to guide students with their tutorials. However they don't exist anymore.While Brilliant Tutorial fled after cheating IIT aspirants by downing shutters after collecting money from them, the directors of Kiran Counseling Centre and Times Education closed their shop after taking money from the students under pretext of giving admission in B.Ed courses. Times Education has closed its centre recently without any notice. More than 150 students have been cheated by the above institutes.However, to save students from being cheated by fake coaching institutes and placement agencies, Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi has directed officers-in-charge (OCs) of each police station to verify the authenticity of the coaching institutes running in areas under their jurisdiction. Some of them have even submitted their reports.Meanwhile, Dwivedi has also appealed to the residents to inform police before depositing money in the institutes if they are suspicious. The local police officer will help them verifiy the genuineness of the institute. He said in all the above cases, the students reported the matter to police when the accused fled after taking their money.SP said a police team, however, is conducting raids to nab them. Police officials investigating the case of Brilliant Tutorial had raided the owner and his associates' residence but the culprits managed to flee even before they reached there. \"I am appealing to the people to inform police or take their help in verifying coaching institutes, educational placement agencies and other institutions before taking admissions. It would save them money, mental peace and time,\" he said.Many residents and educationists believe that such incidents are maligning image of the city which draws huge number of outstation students every year. Although the students are taking admission in the coaching institutes and private tutorials they are fear-stricken lest they become victims too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15026213", "title": "Drunk driver held for impersonating MP\u2019s son", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man tried to wriggle out of a drunk-driving challan by claiming himself to be the son of a Member of Parliament (MP), police said. Stopped by traffic cops during a drunk-driving check at Mehrauli, the accused tried to bluff police by writing his name as the son of an MP on the challan.Now, a case of criminal impersonation has been charged against him at a local police station. The accused, Anuj Uppal, is a Ghaziabad based-businessman and was sentenced to imprisonment till standing of court along with a fine of Rs 3,500.Uppal, sources said, was travelling in his Honda Accord on Saturday night when he wad flagged down by a police team in Mehrauli traffic circle. When the cops tried to check if he was drunk, Uppal reportedly claimed he was the son of an MP and even flashed the minister's card, said sources.\"Uppal was tested for alcohol and the reading read about 81.5 mg per 100 ml. He was neither carrying a driver's license or the car's pollution certificate, insurance papers or the registration certificate. Since Uppal had not identification paper on him, his car was impounded and a court challan was issued,\" source added.It was only when Uppal approached the cops with car papers that it was discovered that he had given a fake identity. Cops have approached the Mehrauli police station to file a case of impersonation against him. Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said, \"The incident took place during a routine check and the accused tried to claim he was an MP's son. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15024953", "title": "Govt startled by illegal drawl of Narmada water", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Reports of large-scale illegal drawl of Narmada water along Saurashtra's 135-km-long Maliya branch canal have made Gujarat government edgy in an election year. The situation has deteriorated so much that CM Narendra Modi was forced to pull up water resources minister Nitin Patel. He asked him not to sit idle but to act to ensure normal water supply in the Maliya branch, so that Rajkot, Jamnagar and Morbi and 600 villages of Rajkot, Jamnagar, Surendranagar and Kutch districts - which have been hit badly - overcome the shortage of drinking water.A high-level meeting, which Patel called on Tuesday with senior water resources department officials, revealed that as against 550 million litres per day (MLD) of water a month ago, the canal can only supply half as much. \"Worse, this year's supply is less than last year's,\" a top official reported. \"On July 16, 2011, for instance, 390 MLD of water was being supplied, as against 245 MLD exactly a year later,\" the official added.Even 245 MLD would be \"sufficient,\" but for illegal drawl by farmers, and industrial units in Jamnagar, Rajkot, Surendranagar and Kutch districts. \"We estimate that of 245 MLD, industries take away 130 MLD, of which over 50% is not accounted for. Big industries in Jamnagar keep demanding more water, and local officials oblige. Morbi's ceramic units and units that have mushroomed in Kutch also siphon off vast amounts of water illegally,\" the official said.On top of this, it was reported that local politicians, especially a few aspirants for BJP tickets in the forthcoming elections, are encouraging farmers to siphon off water by sinking pipes into the Maliya branch canal on the pretext of saving their crops. \"Drawing water from the canal using diesel pumps, attached to pipelines up to five kilometers long, is cheap, as compared to using tubewells for groundwater,\" the official said.Soon after the meeting, instructions went out to \"strengthen\" monitoring against illegal drawl. \"Things were found to have particularly worsened over the last three days,\" the official said. \"We have decided to strengthen patrolling teams to 21 as against a dozen that exist. Engineers from other areas were transferred to Maliya branch. Each team consists of cops from state reserve police and engineers. These teams are equipped with patrol vehicles. In recent days, 2,500 pipes and 500 pumps were disconnected, but this did not help improve the situation,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15024881", "title": "Mahipal Maderna, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi unlikely to vote", "text": "JAIPUR: Jailed Congress legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi are unlikely to participate in the presidential election scheduled on Thursday.Even as the Congress legislative party (CLP) communicated about the election well in advance to both its members in the jail, neither of the two applied for bail till Tuesday. Sources said the duo was unlikely to do so in the remaining two days either.Early this year, the court denied bail to Maderna and Bishnoi when they sought permission to participate in the assembly's budget session. The legislators are under arrest on charges of masterminding the kidnap and murder of government nurse Bhanwari Devi .The ruling party, meanwhile, has begun to pull its remaining stock together to ensure there was no cross-voting by its legislators on the D-day, as happened during the Rajya Sabha election in 2010. Taking no chances, the CLP has organised a 'demo voting' for its members in the assembly on Wednesday.\"UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee will get votes of 118 legislators from Rajasthan,\" CLP chief whip Raghu Sharma told TOI. Sharma counted in Maderna and Bishnoi. \"We are hoping that both the legislators, who are still members of the CLP, will be able to participate in the election with the court's permission,\" he said.The others being counted in favour of the UPA candidate Mukherjee includes, 10 independent legislators, three CPM ones and one each of the JD (U), Samajwadi Party and the Loktantrik Samajwadi party.Congress's Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha members from Rajasthan, along with union minister and the party affairs in-charge for the state Mukul Wasnik met the party president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi on Tuesday. Sources said the parliamentarians were briefed about the presidential election to make sure none of the vote drifts or goes waste.In Jaipur, chief minister Ashok Gehlot met a couple of legislators in connection with the election. The ruling party has rubbished the BJP claims about possible cross-voting in Congress to support the NDA candidate PA Sangma. Independent MP Kirori Lal Meena, too, claimed that legislators and parliamentarians belonging to the tribal communities would go outside the party lines to vote for the \"one among them\", Sangma.The NDA candidate, who was in Jaipur on Monday, had also stated that the presidential election this time was beyond the party lines and that he was confident of getting additional support due to his tribal lineage.CLP chief whip Sharma, however, said, \"There will be no cross-voting in Congress. The BJP should care for to keep its own house in order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15026111", "title": "IIHT to release combined merit list", "text": "VARANASI: Indian Institute of Handloom Technology (IIHT) is going to release a combined merit list to fill the left over seats in second counselling, which will be held on July 26.According to SK Rohilla, officer incharge, IIHT, as many as 46 seats out of 65 have already been filled in the first counselling, however, there were no application from Himachal Pradesh this year leading to seven vacant seats, while as many as 10 seats of Maharashtra and two seats of Uttarakhand are also vacant. \"For the 19 vacant seats, as many as 57 applicants from Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir, and Uttar Pradesh have been called for the second round of counselling\", he informed.It is worth mentioning here that IIHT, Varanasi, which offers diploma course in handloom and technology and post diploma in textile and printing is one of the five IIHTs in the country. IIHT Varanasi takes care of Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Maharashtra, Jammu and Kashmir and Uttar Pradesh. There are seven seats for Himachal Pradesh, five seats for Uttarakhand, eight seats for Bihar, 13 seats for Maharashtra, seven seats for Jammu and Kashmir and 25 seats for Uttar Pradesh.According to Rohilla, 20 per cent seats from each state's quota are also reserved for weavers. However only eight weavers in total have taken admission this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024207", "title": "HC declares Dongargaon toll booth illegal", "text": "NAGPUR: Giving big respite to thousands of motorists using National Highway No 7, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Tuesday ruled that the toll tax booth set up at Dongargaon was \"illegal and unauthorized\".A division bench of justices P Hardas and ML Tahaliyani also quashed the contract of maintenance of a stretch of National Highway No. 7 awarded to Oriental Nagpur Bypass Construction Pvt Ltd, the company that was collecting the toll, by National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). The court asked the company to refund approximately Rs6 lakh it had already collected from the vehicle users that had sparked off protests from villagers and other road users.The court's ruling came while hearing original petition filed by Butibori Manufacturers Association (BMA) through senior counsel MG Bhangde and Raghvendra Joshi. A citizen Mujib Pathan then filed a PIL on the same issue followed by Kukku Marwah of Truckers Unity. These were clubbed with the original petition. Later Maha Maroti Logistics also filed an intervention. A battery of renowned lawyers had argued from both sides that included Ambareesh Joshi for Pathan and Anand Jaiswal for Truckers Unity, Anand Deshpande for NHAI and Shashank Manohar and Avinash Gharote for Oriental.In response to BMA's plea, court had granted an interim stay on the toll collection in October last year. NHAI chairman, project director and chief general manager along with Oriental company were made respondents in the case. On October 5, 2009, NHAI had entered into a pact with the Oriental company to construct a bypass for NH-7 from Khawasa border to Nagpur intersection at 14.58 KM from Zero Mile. NHAI also awarded maintenance contract to the company for 22 km stretch of the four-lane road.According to the petitioners, Oriental cannot collect any tax at Dongargaon booth from vehicles not using the bypass constructed by it. They stated the company had illegally constructed the toll booth on NH-7 despite the fact that it had nothing to do with this stretch of highway that was constructed 10 years back.After marathon hearing, the court allowed the prayers of the petitioners tersely observing, \"the maintenance contract for NH7 was added as sweetener for the contractors.\" The judges ruled that \"on the doctrine of quid pro quo, toll can't be collected from those not using bypass constructed by the company.\" During last hearing, Oriental informed the court that it would not collect toll from commuters at its booth at Dongargaon until the various petitions were decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023949", "title": "Raise casino fee back to 2,000: Mauvin to CM", "text": "PORVORIM: Stating that \"Goa should not be turned into Macau\", Dabolim Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho on Tuesday demanded that the government revert the casino entry fee to 2,000 from the current 500. The fee was brought down by chief minister Manohar Parrikar in the recent state budget.Speaking at a general discussion in the house, Godinho sought to know why the government had reduced the fee, which he said \"benefited casino owners in the state\" and would \"finish Goans who are addicted to gambling\". He added that the casino vessels should be moved out of the River Mondovi as they are offshore casinos.Referring to Parrikar's decision on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue, Godinho congratulated Parrikar for giving grants to primary schools which had switched from the Konkani/Marathi medium to the English medium. \"This decision will be remembered in the future as a good decision,\" Godinho said, adding that the government should make Konkani/Marathi compulsory till Class X.\"Critical of the government's populist scheme, the Dabolim MLA said that the government would require around 700 crore to implement the scheme. These schemes that will ensure people get paid without working, will make them lazy, Godinho said. He added, \"The government should create employment opportunities for the youth. Mere scheme are not enough.\"Referring to funds for the schemes, Godinho sought to know how the state would generate additional resources for these schemes, when there is no extra assistance from the Centre. \"Except for allowing the export of mining dumps, I cannot see any other way to generate revenue,\" he added.Stating that the construction of the Zuari bridge should be expedited, Godinho said that the government should alleviate the fear in the minds of the people of South Goa who are scared of losing their source of livelihood once the Mopa airport becomes operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026063", "title": "Kanpur: First phase of CPMT admissions to begin from today", "text": "KANPUR: Seat locking for the first phase of Combined Pre-Medical Test (CPMT) counselling at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College will start from Wednesday. The first phase will continue for a week after which the academic session will start in the college from August 1.For counselling, registrations started at prominent medical colleges of the state from Monday. On day one of registrations, students upto rank 351 registered themselves for counselling while the rank holders from 352 to 1000 got their registrations done on Tuesday. These students will get the opportunity to lock the seats on Wednesday and Thursday, respectively.CPMT counselling co-ordinator, Dr RP Sharma informed that CPMT counselling will be conducted through live video conferencing for the second consecutive year. He added that the registration team will be extra vigil during registrations. No change has been made in the process of counselling this year, he informed. However, the registration slab has been extended, hence two days will be given to each batch for getting themselves registered for counselling.\"Students from rank 1 to 350 will get the opportunity to lock the seat on Wednesday. While, students from rank 351 to 2000 can get themselves registered on same day,\" added Dr RP Sharma further. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15027506", "title": "Vice-presidential poll: Hamid Ansari files nomination", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vice-President Hamid Ansari on Wednesday filed nomination papers for re-election to the post as UPA nominee.Hamid Ansari was accompanied by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi and a host of other Congress leaders.Among allies Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav was present.Hamid Ansari is pitted against NDA candidate Jaswant Singh .On Tuesday, Ansari spoke to Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee and sought her support in the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15024371", "title": "Chennai Corporation prepares for vanishing garbage act", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai has responded to complaints about overflowing garbage bins across the city with a magical solution. It is getting ready to do a vanishing garbage act. Stinking garbage bin bothering you? Abracadabra! Now it's here, now it's gone! Now it's back again!The civic body has decided to \"relocate\" group garbage bins, the large blue containers in which waste from the local bins is emptied, in highly populated areas, religious places, hotels, restaurants and educational institutions.Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy on Tuesday said the civic body will soon move the group garbage bins. He didn't mention where they would be relocated to or acknowledge that the garbage would only be moved from one place to another in the city instead of ensuring that it is cleared by dispatching it to a dump yard.\"Some civic officials have placed group bins in residential areas. We have decided to relocate these group bins from residential areas, especially from religious places, educational institutions and restaurants,\" Duraisamy said. Experts said relocation of group garbage bins would not serve any purpose. Exnora International joint general secretary R Govindaraj said the civic body should not let garbage pile up in bins on the streets. \"The corporation should clear garbage regularly,\" he said. \"The civic body does not collect garbage from garbage bins in many places,\" Govindaraj said. \"That is the main cause of the problem.\"The corporation's idea to set up group bins, on which it has spent crores of rupees, has been a complete waste of money, he said.A senior corporation official admitted that relocating the group bins will also be a tough job. \"We expect residents of localities to protest when we move the bins to their localities,\" he said. Residents say conservancy workers only rarely collect garbage from group bins. \"When it rains, the bins smell terrible. They also obstruct movement of vehicles,\" said Manoj Kumar , a resident of Teynampet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15023793", "title": "Man held for trying to kill ex-girlfriend", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Police have arrested Amit Rai, who was absconding for the last few days after attempting to kill his former girl friend Shreejena at her apartment on July 12. The girl is a student of a leading English-medium school here.Amit, in his early 30s is accused of opening fire at the young girl when she refused to continue her relationship with him as he was married.Amit, son of Nagendra Kumar Rai, resident of Subernarekha flats in Sakchi, has also posted obscene video clippings and photographs of the girl on the public domain of the social networking site Facebook apparently to harass her.\"His immoral and unlawful acts stems from his vengeance to harass the complainant (Shreejena) following her refusal to continue the relationship,\" said senior police superintendent Akhilesh Jha on Tuesday.Amit, who was hiding in Kolkata for the last four days, was arrested from Baghbera on Monday. The police have recovered one 7.65 mm country-made pistol, two live cartridges, laptop, obscene clippings, two pen drives and cash Rs.3.28 lakh from him.Amit is also accused of blackmailing the girl's parents of exposing her daughter's modesty if they decline to support him in his endeavour to win back the girl. It is learnt that the girl, who was in relationship with the accused for few years, had a narrow escape as she survived all three firing attempts made by Amit at her Vatika Green City apartment .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023665", "title": "Danger in woods: Is it man made?", "text": "MUMBAI: The latest leopard attack on a seven-year-old girl at Shankar Tekdi in Mulund on the periphery of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP) has brought into focus the blurring of boundaries as encroachments have taken over the space meant for animals. With around 35,000 hutments dotting the SGNP and in the absence of fencing along the national park, it is but inevitable that animals will stray into human habitats, environmentalists say.\"We are in the process of constructing the boundary. The work is being undertaken in two phases, first phase covering 40 km and the second covering 30 km. We have fenced 26 km of the first phase. The rest of the boundary would be constructed in the coming year,\" said Sunil Limaye, conservator of forests, SGNP. Limaye said the completion of full boundary may take about two years.But forest officials said that without clearing the encroachments, they may not be able to secure the park. It was in 1997 that the high court had directed the removal of encroachments and around 40,000 hutments were cleared. But nearly 15 years later, the proposal has still not been implemented.Krishna Tiwari from City Forest Initiative said the most encroached areas are around Mulund, where Sunday's incident occurred. Besides, Goregaon, Malad and Kandivli are other big pockets where encroachments have taken over the forest land.Environmentalist Debi Goenka said animals do not know where the boundary starts or ends. \"Leopards, in particular, are animals which easily adapt and do not mind staying close to human habitations. However, that does not mean that they may always attack human beings. The encroachments have to be cleared for the safety of people and to keep such incidents from happening,\" Goenka said.The only positive thing is that the encroachments have not grown since 1997. But the process of relocation and clearing has been a really slow one-- Krishna Tiwari of City Forest InitiativeAnimals do not know boundaries. If there are encroachments and buildings, animals are bound to stray. The encroachments have to be cleared for the safety of people-- Debi Goenka, envrionmentalistTOO CLOSE FOR COMFORTThere are about 35,000 hutments lining the periphery of Sanjay Gandhi National Park, of which 10,000 of them are illegal. In 1997, after a high court order, 40,000 hutments were cleared and the court had directed that the rest of the encroachments be removed within the next eight months. But no action has been taken. Now, there is a plan to rehabilitate these people.* In phase-I, 12,000 hutments are to be shifted. While 9,300 are to be relocated to Chandivli, the remaining 1,700 will also be allotted a place by the month-end* In phase-II, the remaining 13,000 hutments will be relocated but it will be done once the SRA allots a place for their rehabilitationSecuring The ParkThe Sanjay Gandhi National Park's periphery runs 92 km long. Of this, 22 km is natural boundary and fencing work has been taken up on the remaining 70 km over two phases.* In the first phase, 26 km has been secured while work is on to construct fences around 14 km.* The second phase will see construction of fence on the remaining 30 km but the work is yet to start. The full boundary is likely to be ready by 2014Reasons For Delay* Non-allotment of land for rehabilitation of slum-dwellers* Those rehabilitated have returned, forcing the authorities to again clear them before they can go for securing the area", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024698", "title": "Two children strangled by unidentified persons", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two children were strangled by unidentified persons at their house in Addagutta on Tuesday while their mother was away. The victims, Samreen, 4, and Mehek, 2, were the daughters of garments vendor Yakub Pasha and his wife Shameena.At about 3.30pm, Shameena left the children at home and went to her in-law's house in the neighbourhood. She returned home at about 3.45pm and found both her children lying unconscious on the floor. Shameena took them to a local clinic and from there they were shifted to Yashoda hospital at about 5.30pm. But they were declared brought dead, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), North Zone, Ch Srikanth said.The hospital management immediately alerted police about the incident and the bodies were shifted to Gandhi Hospital for post-mortem.Except strangulation marks on the neck, there were no other external injuries on the bodies. The victims were strangled using a stole, a police officer said. \"The parents are claiming that the gold ornaments of the children were stolen and the house was ransacked. We are verifying these details,\" the DCP said. A case was booked under Section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15024308", "title": "Crude breaches $100, fuel may get dearer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Crude price has breached the psychological $100 a barrel mark once again after a gap of 45 days and is expected to squeeze the space for political opposition to an upward revision in fuel prices.State-run refiners paid $100.50 per barrel for the mix of crude they contracted on July 13. The last time they bought crude at more than $100 a barrel was on May 31 when they paid a price of $101.63 per barrel.Crude has been rising since touching a low of $89.19 on June 22. It has been on an upswing since then, hovering in the range of $91 to $97 a barrel on an average, before leaping to the $100 mark on news of lower US inventory levels and tighter sanctions on Iran .\"If the trend continues or crude remains at or above $100 for the next 10 days or so, under-recovery (loss minus marketing margin) on petrol will be back. It will also increase the under-recovery on diesel as prices of refined products have also risen,\" P K Goyal, director (finance) of the country's biggest fuel retailer IndianOil , told TOI on Tuesday.The oil ministry is bound to use the same argument to cut political opposition and push through an upward revision in diesel and cooking gas prices once the presidential polls are over. A top oil ministry functionary had confirmed last Thursday that such a move was, indeed, on the cards.The price of diesel, controlled by the government, has not been revised since June 25, 2011 due to objections from ruling alliance partners and opposition parties. As a result, state-run fuel retailers are losing more than Rs 10 a litre on diesel, as per last fortnight's calculations.High crude and product prices would also put pressure on fuel retailers to raise petrol price again. The retailers had raised petrol price by Rs 7.50 a litre on May 24 to offset the impact of high crude prices in the preceding months and a sharp drop in the rupee's value against the dollar.The price was, however, reduced by Rs 2 a litre on June 2 and by another Rs 2.46 a litre on June 28 as the fuel became cheaper in international bulk markets on the back of declining global demand and the rupee showing signs of stabilizing \u2014 albeit in the region of 55-56 to a dollar.But the price of motor spirit or gasoline - trade names for petrol - has risen in the global bulk markets to $111 a barrel from $106 when the fuel's price was last reduced.\"We need a minimum crack (difference between price of crude and refined products) of $10 a barrel if our refineries are to make some profit. The pressure on (pump) pricing will increase if this goes down. The crack had gone down but today it is $10. But one doesn't know how the prices will play out in the coming days,\" Goyal said.The latest monthly report by oil exporters' cartel OPEC estimates that Iran's daily output has dropped 2.96 million barrels in June, or a loss of some 188,000 bpd in world supplies.Ironically perhaps, the only hope lies in the weak global outlook that can suck any impetus out of the world oil market. A slowdown would definitely affect the forecast of world oil consumption growth. And the relatively strong dollar also continues to put pressure on oil price, because a strong dollar means higher oil prices for the non-dollar buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026083", "title": "Body of unidentified girl found near railway tracks", "text": "KANPUR: The body of an unidentified teenage girl was found near the railway tracks close to Jhinjhak railway station on Tuesday morning, with one limb severed. Government Railway Police (GRP) officials said it's not clear whether the girl committed suicide or was killed while crossing the tracks. The girl was wearing a green colour t-shirt and blue jeans. Officials are trying to identify the girl who would be around 16 years of age.On coming across a body, the locals informed officials at Jhinjhak railway station on Tuesday. Blood was oozing from her head. No belongings were found that could help establish her identity. \"Station superintendent, Jhinjhak railway station Brijesh Meena apprised GRP cops, who rushed to the spot and launched an investigation in this regard,\" said a senior police official.GRP team took the girl to district hospital, where her body was sent for post-mortem. The GRP cops said they visited nearby villages and made inquiries with the locals. The body was sent to mortuary. The GRP has also alerted the bordering police stations and sought their help in tracing the girl's relatives. Photographs of the girl would be circulated to all police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023408", "title": "Sunil Tatkare under fire for 1k-cr irrigation scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Embattled NCP leader and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare again came under fire from the opposition, which alleged a Rs 1,000-crore scam in his department. The issue rocked the legislative council on Tuesday and the House was adjourned as the opposition alleged Tatkare was trying to shield six officers responsible for the scam.BJP legislator Pandurang Phundkar highlighted the irregularities in the irrigation schemes undertaken in several areas of Vidarbha recently. \"Why is the minister trying to protect these officers? He should ideally be ordering a probe by the Economic Offences Wing (EOW),\" said leader of opposition Vinod Tawde. Tatkare, who has been in the eye of a storm, announced an inquiry into the reported misconduct, promising suspension of the guilty if proved.\"Due process has been followed,\" he said.The minister had earlier faced allegations of land grab and disproportionate assets owned by him and his family. According to reports, Tatkare and his family had cornered 7,500 acres of farmland by creating front companies.The issue has been raised by the oppostion repeatedly in the ongoing monsoon session. Raising the allegations in the council, Phundkar said the Jeegaon irrigation scheme has several front companies, all owned by a single contractor. This contractor was close to a senior minister, alleged Peasants Workers Party (PWP's Jayant Patil. Tatkare said the scheme was approved by the state government in February 1990 at a total cost of Rs 394 crore. In 1996, the cost escalated to Rs 648 cr and to Rs 1,220 cr in 2005. In 2009 the cost of the scheme was Rs 4,044 cr. \"The tendering process was well publicized in the newspapers and followed a transparent process,\" he said.Phundkar alleged cost escalation was allowed by 'a senior minister' to offer undue advantage to the contractor. Tatkare said he would suspend officials, including chief engineer of the project R G Mundra, if found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15023370", "title": "No action to free flood plains", "text": "NOIDA: The UP government's directions of clearing the Yamuna and Hindon floodplains of all illegal encroachments are being blatantly flouted in Gautam Budh Nagar. Three months after public works and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav asked for 'immediate action' to be taken against all unauthorized construction spanning several hundred hectares along the floodplains, the district administration is yet to take any action.Though the minister had asked the administration to file FIRs against the encroachers and arrest them, no case has been registered against any farmhouse developer operating in the prohibited floodplain area. In fact, the administration continues to turn a blind eye as fresh constructions continue to mushroom on the riverbed.Last week, the UP irrigation department on finding illegal mining and construction activity being blatantly carried out in the ecologically sensitive flood zone area of the Yamuna and Hindon riverbeds submitted a report to the district administration seeking permission to deal with the offenders. But the DM is yet to issue any directions.As per regulations on floodplains, land can only be used for farming and only temporary structures can be constructed. Nearly 4,000 acres along the Hindon floodplains has been occupied illegally, of which at least 3,000 acres is in the primary river flow area. More than 100 developers are illegally operating in the area meant only for agricultural use. \"We had conducted a physical verification of the entire flood zone area grabbed by the land mafia and we found that the current construction on the Yamuna floodplain includes more than 300 concrete small and large farmhouses as well as some residential structures. These are against regulations,\" agreed MKS Sundaram, district magistrate.UP irrigation officials warn that with the arrival of monsoon, illegally constructed structures in the flood zone area could cause damage to embankments and the area may witness massive flooding.The DM said he sent a report about land grabbing in the flood zone area to the state government in April. \"Since the civic elections were taking place and model code of conduct had been implemented, we were unable to take any action to recover land usurped by the mafia,\" Sundaram said. \"We are now awaiting fresh instructions from the government, after which we will conduct an intensive drive to rid the flood zone of all illegal occupation,\" the DM added.\"All land under illegal possession will be recovered. Since it is a very sensitive issue that could cause a law and order problem due to agitation by some people, security will be tightened before launching the drive to remove the \"illegal\" structures,\" added Sundaram saying that the drive would be conducted once they had convened with officials of Noida Authority, Greater Noida Authority and the district police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15024356", "title": "US Senator threatens to force vote on ending aid to Pakistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: A key American Senator on Tuesday threatened to force a vote on ending US aid to Pakistan unless a Pakistani doctor, who helped CIA trace Osama bin Laden, is released from prison.Senator Rand Paul took to the Senate floor on Tuesday morning announcing his intention to force a Senate vote that, if passed, would strip Pakistan of all US foreign aid until Dr Shakil Afridi's recent 33-year prison sentence is overturned and he is allowed to leave Pakistan.Afridi's appellate hearing is scheduled for July 19. \"What I say to Pakistan is if you want to be our ally, act like it. If you want to be our ally, respect us. If you want to be our ally, work with us on the war on terrorism. But if you want to be our ally, don't hold Dr Afridi, don't hold political prisoners, don't hold people who actually are working with us to get bin Laden,\" he said.\"I will do everything within my power to have this vote ... if Afridi remins in jail next week, I will make them vote on this because it's the least you deserve, the taxpayers deserve to know why are your Senators voting to send your money overseas when we're a trillion dollars in the hole,\" Paul said.\"Why are your Senators voting to send billions of dollars to Pakistan when they imprison the guy who helped us get bin Laden. This is unconscionable. It has to stop. The debt is a threat to our country; it's a threat to the republic and I will do everything I can to force a vote on this,\" he said.\"We spent hundreds of billions of dollars searching for him (Bin Laden). Where did we find him?\" he asked.\"Not in the remote mountains. We found him living comfortably in the city in Pakistan. We found him living in the middle of this city not far from a military academy. We were helped in this search by doctor Shakil Afridi. How was he rewarded for this heroism? Where is Afridi now? He's been imprisoned by the Pakistani government for 33 years,\" he said.\"I've obtained the signatures necessary to have a vote on this. The leadership doesn't want to allow a vote on this, but I will one way or another get a vote on ending aid to Pakistan if they continue to imprison this doctor. He has an appeal that will be heard this Thursday,\" he said.\"If he's not successful in his appeal, if he is still in prison for life, we will have a vote in the Senate on ending all aid to Pakistan. Not a small portion of their aid. Every penny of their aid, including the billion they got last week. We will attempt to stop all aid to Pakistan,\" Paul said.Meanwhile, the Pentagon said it is \"very pleased\" that the ground line of communications (GLOCs) to Afghanistan is now open.\"There has been some flow; we're not at full capacity yet on shipments through the GLOCs,\" Pentagon Press Secretary George Little said.\"The relationship with Pakistan remains critical to the United States, and we are, we believe, entering a new phase in our relationship. And are getting past some of the obstacles that we've encountered over the past year and a half to two years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15024665", "title": "'Ras Al Khaimah must be probed for Vanpic project anomalies'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nimmagadda Prasad, the industrialist who was arrested in the assets case pertaining to YSR Congress president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, on Tuesday told the CBI court hearing his bail plea that the CBI should book a case against Ras Al Khaimah (RAK). If the probe agency finds any fault in the implementation of the Vanpic project, it should investigate RAK as the project was a subject matter of an agreement between the AP government and the RAK government, he said.\"I am only a representative of the RAK regime, I am answerable to only RAK and the state of AP had not made any complaints against us\", he added.Arguing Nimmagadda's case for bail, his counsel Uma Maheswara Rao pointed out that the CBI, which is also investigating the illegal mining scam (OMC case), has made a dead man R Linga Reddy (who served as an assistant director of the mines wing at that point of time) an accused in the case because death will not absolve any person of his crime and CBI knows this law. The CBI did not make former chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy an accused in Jagan assets case and this showed that there was no conspiracy in the case as was alleged, the counsel said. \"When there is no conspiracy, then the question of Nimmagadda Prasad involving in it does not arise\", he added.The counsel also denied the contention of the CBI that his client and minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana suppressed the details of the Vanpic agreement. \"It is senior IAS officer and secretary of investments and infrastructure wing Manmohan Singh who circulated the file with all the details to all officials concerned including the cabinet and hence the question of suppression is meaningless\", Nimmagadda's counsel pointed out. Moreover, it was a government-made draft that was finally approved, he said.He also told the court that Vijay Sai Reddy , the auditor of Jagan's firms, who is described by the CBI as the key man in the case was also out on bail now.Uma Maheswara told the court that 70% of investments made by Nimmagadda into Jagan's firms were made either prior to the Vanpic deal or after the demise of YSR.This shows that there is no quid pro quo arrangement in Prasad's investments as was alleged by the CBI, he said.Refuting the allegation that all of Prasad's investments were nothing but bribes paid to Jagan, the counsel said that his client had indeed made Rs 285 crore profit by selling his shares in Bharati Cements. He paid Rs 62 crore as income tax from this income, the counsel said, adding that if this was bribe money Jagan would not have allowed Prasad to sell his shares in Bharati. The arguments would continue on Wednesday also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15025010", "title": "Four men beat up 5 cops, arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five policemen who went to help a family in Madhavpura on Monday night were assaulted by four men allegedly in inebriated state. They were rounded up late in the night. The bail applications of the accused were rejected by the court after which they were sent to Sabarmati jail.According to police, one Vikram Chavda, a resident of Yogesh Society, came to the police station at 10 pm on Monday and sought help from M C Chaudhary, sub-inspector at the police station. Chavda told Chaudhary that a youth had been mercilessly beaten up by four persons on suspicion of having love affair with daughter of one of the assailants.\"When the cops reached the spot, they found Kundan Patel and Sujal Patel, bothers and residents of the same society, along with two others there. Kundan suspected that Ajay, a youth living in the area, was having relationship with his daughter. When Ajay didn't accept the allegation, Patel assaulted him,\" said a police official.The group became very angry as soon as they saw the policemen and started beating up Chaudhary and the four constables. While Chaudhary was hit on his chest and head, two others sustained severe beating. They soon called for enforcement but the group, allegedly drunk, fled from the spot.S G Parmar, inspector of Madhavpura police station, said, \"Two of the assailants have been found involved in a number of illegal activities and were earlier caught by Karanj, Shahpur and Madhavpura police. They sought bail but when we presented their past record and gravity of the incident, it was denied,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023902", "title": "Bicholim's Sawal in litany mode", "text": "PORVORIM: The roads in the Bicholim industrial estate are in a dilapidated condition, most street lights are not working, there is no security, the bushes are overgrown and garbage proliferates.This litany of woes regarding the Bicholim industrial estate was recited by Bicholim's independent MLA Naresh Sawal in the legislative assembly on Tuesday.Worse, when Sawal twice visited the office of the Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC) in the industrial estate, he did not find the area manager there. Instead, two women were sitting in the office \"that looks like anything but a GIDC office\". Sawal said he saw, drying on a line in the office, sarees and other items of clothing not worthy mentioning in the legislative assembly.Sawal's annoyance with the state of affairs at the industrial estate was only exacerbated by industries minister Mahadev Naik's reply to his question on what upgradation the government planned in the estate. Naik's written reply said the government planned \"repairs to the retaining wall of the nullah towards the northern boundary\", and \"strengthening of road embankment near culvert and construction of side wall and diversion of drains from plot number 114 to the main nullah\".Naik, however, said that he has started visiting all industrial estates and he will take Sawal along when he visits the Bicholim industrial estate soon. Naik said he would address all the problems at the estate.But Naik's assurance only came after Sawal had voiced a few more grievances. He said the canteen at the Bicholim industrial estate was closed for the last three years and that some of the companies were discharging their pollutants such that the drinking water wells in the village were polluted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15024335", "title": "How others do it", "text": "Bangalore can take a leaf out of these cities' best practicesIn IndiaDelhiDelhi Municipal Corporation handles about 7,000 metric tonnes of waste every day but has three landfills at Ghazipur, Okhla and Narela. Although the corporation claims it recycles waste and builds concrete blocks from it, the civic body hasn't set targets for recycling and reducing waste generation. Recently, the administration planned to collect silt and sanitary water to treat and reuse.MumbaiBMC spends about Rs 300 crore a year for garbage collection and disposal. There are 5,800 garbage bins across 3,700 collection spots and 1,100 vehicles to collect and transport about 6,500 tonnes of waste generated every day. Over 27,000 conservancy workers and contractors lift the garbage and deposit it at Deonar. The total expenditure incurred by the Solid Waste Management department has doubled from Rs 692 crore in 2007-08 to Rs 1,219 crore in 2010-11.KochiKochi, with a population of 6 lakh people generates only 250 tonnes of waste a day. Earlier, it would send its waste to a solid waste management plant in Brahmapuram (32 acres) but as the plant became defunct, they sent it to a landfill. After the state government intervened, Kochi corporation promised to come up with technology to generate electricity from waste. However, the plan is to dump waste from nearby town municipalities and gram panchayats at Brahmapuram.Around the worldSingaporeSingapore generates over 17,855 tonnes of waste every day and has four incineration plants and one offshore landfill with a lifespan of 25-30 years. Of the total, 10,295 tonnes (nearly 58%) is recycled, 7083 tonnes incinerated and only 477 tonnes (2%) sent to the landfill. The city targets 65% of recycling by 2020. The Singapore Packaging Agreement framed in 2007 by government and NGOs and private partners formulates action plans to reduce and reuse packaging waste.New York CityNew York, with a population of 8 million, generates 12,000 tonnes of waste every day of which residents recycle 17%. The deparment of environement adopted a 20-year plan for exporting garbage to communities for commercial benefit. The export waste amounts to around $290 million. Paper recycling alone generates $7.5 million. Their only landfill Fresh Kills was shut down in March 2001 after its height rose to 25m, equal to the height of the Statue of Liberty. Now it's been beautiful landscaped.LondonIn November 2011, the London mayor framed policies related to manage waste and also benefit from waste. London generates 55,000 tonnes of waste every day and 20 million tonnes a year. But the administration is able to recycle 57% but the mayor has set the target to 80%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15023751", "title": "Coastal shipping to begin in 3 months", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala Shipping and Inland Navigation Corporation (KSINC) is likely to start coastal shipping operations in three months. Initially cargo will be brought from Gujarat to Kochi and Kollam using a hired vessel, KSINC chairman K Mohandas told TOI after an interactive session with cargo dealers and other stakeholders here on Tuesday.The ports in Kochi and Kollam have draft sufficient to operate reasonably large cargo vessels that can bring containers. The infrastructures for handling cargo are also in place. More cargo to other non-major ports in the state will be shifted to coastal ships depending on the feedback from these two ports, Mohandas said.He said one of the major challenges for achieving the objective of shifting cargo from road to coastal shipping was that customers wanted hassle-free end to end transfer of cargo. They can achieve this easily by road, but they find it difficult when the operations shift to ports. These operational issues are being discussed at different levels, he said.Cochin Port Trust traffic manager C Unnikrishnan Nair said nearly six lakh tonnes of rubber was being transported to other states from Kerala by road. This could be a major return cargo for coastal vessels that bring cargo from other states to Kerala. He said raw fish can be brought from areas like Varaval in Gujarat through coastal shipping for further processing in Kerala.Chairman and managing director of SKS Logistics, Mumbai Sarvesh K Shahi suggested that many of the bridges over the inland waterways of the state would have to be elevated as per National Highway Authority's suggestions so that vessels can pass through easily. Deputy director of ports department Captain Hari Varier said the state was considering proposals to give subsidies to encourage this cargo shift proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15023938", "title": "Private sponsors to beautify Nashik roads", "text": "NASHIK: Against the backdrop of deterioration of the citys islands and road dividers, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to develop these structures using private sponsors.Against the backdrop of the deterioration of traffic islands, the decision was taken to have these developed and maintained through sponsors.The NMC's standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said that all the traffic islands across the city will be developed or renovated through sponsors which will add to the beauty of the city.\"The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), Nashik, and a few industrialists have already approached the NMC administration to build and maintain islands and dividers across the city,\" said Uddhav Nimse, NMC's standing comittee chairman.Three months ago, CREDAI had decided to undertake the project as part of its social obligation initiative and haalso met city engineer Sunil Khune to ask for a list of traffic islands present across the city. Kiran Chavan, president of CREDAI, said, \"CREDAI is taking the initiative to develop and maintain Nashik's traffic islands and road dividers. We have also asked the municipal commissioner to invite other organisations like NIMA (Nashik Industries and manufacturers Association) and AIMA ( Ambad Industries and Manufacturers Association) to join the effort. We are inviting developers to come forward as well, and by doing so, hope to promote social responsibility among corporates in the city.\"Chavan added that the plan would need to address the presence of unauthorized hoardings on islands as these were an eyesore that nullified road beautification effort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024875", "title": "Rubabuddin opposes Chudasama's bail plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sohrabuddin Sheikh's brother Rubabuddin has moved the Gujarat high court opposing the bail plea filed by suspended IPS officer Abhay Chudasama in connection with the 2005 fake encounter case.Chudasama had filed bail petition in the high court after the special CBI court refused to release him. He has been in jail since July 2010.Rubabuddin has urged the high court to allow him to be a party in Chudasama's bail proceedings so that he could oppose the petition. He has contended that he is the original complainant in this case and the investigation was set up by the Supreme Court on the basis of a habeas corpus petition filed by him before the Supreme Court. The petition was filed urging the court to direct Gujarat government to trace and bring Sohrabuddin's wife Kauserbi. During the proceedings it was revealed that the encounter was staged by the Gujarat and Rajasthan police.Rubabuddin has filed the plea through advocate Mukul Sinha expressing apprehension that that Chudasama, who is a high-ranking and very influential official, might try to sabotage the probe, if released on bail. He has also contended in his petition that the suspended cop has been accused of influencing the investigation earlier. Therefore, the court should give him an opportunity to address the court before it takes any decision on the bail plea.In this encounter case, only three persons - former minister Amit Shah , owner of Arham Bungalow Raju Jirawala and a police inspector V A Rathod - have been released on bail. Two persons - Yashpal Chudasama and Ajay Patel - were granted anticipatory bail by the HC. After the HC refused to extend term for their anticipatory bail, the matter is pending before the SC.On the other hand, all 14 cops from Gujarat and Rajasthan have been cooling their heels in prison since 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15023913", "title": "'No prescribed syllabus for pre primary schools'", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa government has 345 preprimary schools registered with it across the state, but the government has neither issued directives on fees, syllabus or salary structure for teachers for them as yet, chief minister Manohar Parrikar has admitted, in the ongoing session of the Goa state legislative assembly on Tuesday.Parrikar, who is also the education minister, was replying to a question tabled by former chief minister Digambar Kamat, and responded in the negative to a query on whether any syllabus has been prescribed for the preprimary schools. It has been over three years since state council for educational research and training was handed over the responsibility of prepare a uniform syllabus for preprimary schools that ensures the use of only the play-way method of teaching.Parrikar also responded in the negative to the question on whether any guidelines have been issued to preprimary schools with respect to fees to be charged from students and salaries to be provided to teaching and non-teaching staff.The directorate of education managed to register 345 preprimary schools last year, finally, after a three-year long effort. Schools were not coming forward voluntarily to register as the registration provided them with no benefits, because preprimary schools do not receive any government aid. With no syllabus prescribed as well, there is nothing to gain from the registration for the schools.The statistics tabled in the house show that Bardez has the highest number of preprimary schools at 91, followed by Salcete, which has 80 preprimary schools. There are 60 and 41 preprimary schools registered in Tiswadi and Mormugao talukas, respectively. Ponda has 37 registered preprimary schools, Bicholim has 24, Canacona has 17, Sanguem 16, Quepem 13 and Sattari 10.In Pernem, 11 preprimary schools have been granted registrationss while another 31 have been registered subject to certain conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023758", "title": "IIT Mumbai to train students in computer technology", "text": "PATNA: Arvind Mahila College, one of the oldest constituent colleges of Magadh University (MU), has tied up with the prestigious IIT, Mumbai (IITM) to train its girl students in advanced computer technology.Giving this information, college principal Asha Singh said it is like a dream come true for the college which has been chosen by such a reputed institution of the country for providing training to the girls of the college in the field of computer technology. The training will start online after August 15, she said.According to the principal, IIT-Mumbai has chosen two other institutions of the state capital, Science College, Patna, and Rajkiya Vidyalaya, Gulzarbagh, for providing such training to students at degree level. It has selected Arvind Mahila College to help its students eke out their living after completing the training. In addition to the training in networking, IIT-Mumbai would guide the students in gaining proficiency in using different software, she said.\"The course could be extended to six months. Staff of the college would also gain advanced training in computer skills with the help of technical experts of IIT-Mumbai. The college is getting ready for introducing this crash course from next month by further improving its infrastructure,\" she said.According to sources, IIT-Mumbai has decided to make these three institutions as centres for training in future. The basic knowledge to operate computer will be the main focus of this proposed online training to desirous students, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15024121", "title": "Kids wake up to find mom murdered", "text": "HOWRAH: A 35-year-old woman was allegedly strangled to death at her maternal home in Bagnan's Pipulyan village on Tuesday morning. The deceased, Murshida Begum's body, with the hands tied and a rope around her neck, was found on the bed by two of her children. The body has been sent for autopsy and the Bagnan Police has started a murder case. Forensic tests may also be carried out on the body, the police said.Murshida married Sheikh Salim nearly 15 years ago and the couple had three children, including a 14-year-old daughter and a eight-year-old son. Incidentally, Salim was abandoned by his biological parents when he was an infant. He was rescued by Murshida's mother Mustakin Bibi and raised at her house in Bagnan. Mustakin later married off her daughter to Salim and the couple started living with her.Sources said three years back, there was marital discord between Murshida and Salim after which he shifted elsewhere. One of their children also moved out from Mustakin's house.Though separated, Salim used to pay maintenance to his wife and children.Sources said Murshida recently entered into a relationship with a local youth. There was reportedly some tension between the families following the allegation of Murshida's affair. due to this but things never really got out of hand.\"On Monday night, while the girl slept with her grandmother, the boy was with Murshida. Early on Tuesday, Mustakin - who is a fruit trader - left the house. The children woke up later and found the body of their mother on the bed. The miscreants may have entered the house after Mustakin left for work. We have already started a murder case and suspects are being interrogated,\" said a police officer. The murderers had clearly entered the house to murder the woman. They did so very quietly and even the children didn't hear any noise,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023387", "title": "2 spades recovered from Laila's farmhouse", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Tuesday recovered two spades from the scene of crime at Laila Khan's sprawling farmhouse in Igatpuri.The police recovered the blood-stained spades at the behest of main accused, Parvez Tak. The crime branch had taken Tak to the farmhouse after he recently revealed that besides iron rods, he had used the spades to hit Asmina and cousin Reshma alias Tulli. Sources said the spades were later buried in a small pit.The police, along with Tak, recreated the sequence of events that led to the killings on Tuesday. Tak has maintained that he killed them in fit of rage but the police said that it appeared to be a well-planned conspiracy.While one team returned to Mumbai along with Tak, another continued the search for cell phones of all six family members. Tak said he broke the sim cards and threw away the phones; this is why the Oshiwara and Kashmir police found Laila and her family members' phones active till February 8, showing the last location as Igatpuri.Tak told the police that he had purchased the spades in January 2011 to dig a pit for an underground water tank as the farmhouse is in a remote spot. He said his wife Saleena had given him Rs50,000 for construction of the water tank.Joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy said the spades were an important piece of evidence. \"It appears that Tak and his aide Shakir Hussain had planned the conspiracy,\" said Roy. He said the spades would be sent to forensic science laboratory for analysis.The police had earlier recovered two iron rods, bed-sheets, pillows and bedding which Tak and Shakir used to cover the bodies. Last Tuesday, the police had recovered six skeletons believed to be of Laila and her family. Tak said he killed his wife Saleena and others for various reasons: He was upset as Saleena and the others were migrating to Dubai , leaving him; Saleena was having an extra-marital affair, living an un-Islamic life and not giving him anything; and the power of attorney of Laila family's property was given to Saleena's husband Asif Shaikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028560", "title": "Foreign actors make it big in Kollywood", "text": "The latest trend in Kollywood is that filmmakers are roping in actors from abroad -of course, some of them are not really actors but models. Billa 2 had a host of girls from Brazil - from Bruna Abdullah to Gabriela. They were more props and actually didn't make too much of a difference to the script. But British beauty Amy Jackson is one foreigner who has made a name for herself and landed the best roles here. She currently has two movies with Vikram - Thaandavam and I . We hear that director Gautham Menon is looking to rope in an American actress for Vijay for his movie Yohan . As for Suriya, he battled a foreign villain in 7aum Arivu and it looks like it will be a repeat for him in Hari's Singam 2 . It seems a villain from South Africa has been brought on board for this flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025750", "title": "Property hit where signal masts rise", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hosting mobile towers may be good for property owners in short term as an earning proposition but it certainly deters house-hunters . Both rentals and sale suffer, it seems, if you have a tower on the property. And the fallout can be experienced in the neighbourhood too.DS Pal of Pal &amp; Associates, Green Park, claims that due to growing awareness about the harmful effects of radiation emitted by mobile towers, properties in areas with a high concentration of cell phone towers are getting somewhat marked down both in price and rentals. Property dealers across the city say that buildings which host mobile phone towers have 10-20 % less market value.\"Forget buying these properties , people don't want to take them on rent even, particularly when they have a choice. If a person is going to invest crores, why would he buy a property with a tower?\" asks Pal. According to LK Thakkar, a Defence Colony-based property dealer, while the cost of the building which has the tower is relatively less, other buildings in the vicinity also get affected. \"No one wants to buy a house within 100 metres of the building which has the tower. The rates for such properties drop by 10-20 %, and sometimes even more,'' said Thakkar, co-owner of A-One Associates .There is a high concentration of mobile towers in south and west Delhi. In west Delhi, property dealers say people hesitate in taking such properties on rent. \"They prefer to pay extra and look for a place where there are less number of mobile towers. A lot of people who had got the towers installed believing them to be lucrative now want them removed ,'' said Mahesh Mehra, owner of Mehra Property.Safety and security issues also crop up. \"The cellular operators have there own staff deployed at the site. These workers come at odd hours. There is no privacy and the companies don't keep a check on there staff,'' said Rajesh Gupta, owner of east Delhi-based Amba Property Dealer.In areas like Laxmi Nagar, Rajinder Nagar etc where there is high concentration of mobile towers, people have no option. Areas like Rajinder Nagar and Patel Nagar are extremely congested . There are at least 10 houses in a 100-metre radius. \"These areas have low rentals. So, those looking for cheaper accommodation don't mind living in a building which has a tower but it is definitely not a preferred choice,'' said Kapil Batra, owner of Rajinder Nagar-based Mega Real Estate.With growing awareness about the harmful effects of radiation emitted by these towers and people asking questions and become more vocal, most resident welfare associations are not giving permission to install these towers in their colony anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15024183", "title": "Goa's mining din reaches UK House", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's mining woes are likely to be debated in the UK parliament, as British MP John McDonnell has tabled an early date motion calling upon the British government to urge the Goa government to initiate various measures, including capping of mining activity, to prevent further damage to the environment.Carmen Miranda , a non-resident Goan and chair of Save Goa Campaign UK, based in London said she briefed McDonnell about the large-scale mining and immense damage to the state's environment. McDonnell responded by tabling an early date motion (EDM) with some others in the UK parliament, which is likely to be taken up after the summer recess, Miranda stated.The EDM has been uploaded on the British parliament website . Titled mining and environmental damage in Goa, the EDM tabled on July 16, 2012 seeks to \"applaud the work of the Goa Foundation and the Save Goa Campaign in exposing the operations, which are bulldozing hills, destroying dense forests, diverting and polluting water sources, undermining local agriculture, seriously damaging local biodiversity and deleteriously impacting upon the health, wellbeing, livelihoods and quality of life of the Goan population.\"The EDM calls upon the UK government to urge its Indian counterpart to tackle the issue as an agenda of importance to save Goa's environment by bringing down the hectic mining activity, controlling rejection in the environment and Selaulim dam by closing mines around the water source and other measures. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15025188", "title": "HC disposes saw mills pleas for power supply", "text": "CHENNAI: Saw mills functioning in Tamil Nadu, without obtaining necessary statutory clearance from competent authorities, cannot claim electricity supply as a matter of right, the Madras high court has said.Justice R Sudhakar, disposing of nearly 100 writ petitions filed by various saw mills, veneer and plywood industries, said: \"The petitioners cannot insist for electricity or an order of court to run the industry pending consideration of their claim.\" He, however, made it clear that in cases where these units had already furnished necessary details and applications, the authorities concerned shall take a decision on grant of licence without further delay.This batch of writ petitions were filed by existing as well as newly established wood-based industries who had been directed by the electricity department to furnish the license issued by the competent authority as per the Tamil Nadu Regulation of Wood Based Industries Rules 2010. If they fail to submit copies of the licence, power supply would be disconnected, the department warned. While some units challenged the notice, some others said their applications for license were pending with the authorities. A set of units wanted electricity supply to be continued without insisting on such licences.In Ocotber 2002, the Supreme Court had directed the state governments to frame licensing rules, and the Tamil Nadu government came out with the regulation in October 2010. Under the Rule, the district forest officer is the authorized officer to grant the licence. Before granting licence, a concurrence shall be obtained from the Central Empowered Committee, as mandated by the apex court.Justice Sudhakar, pointing out that the procedure could not be side-stepped, as it had been framed as per the apex court ruling, said: \"Unless and until the licence is issued after complying with the formalities as required under the rules, no right will accrue to the petitioners to run the industries, which admittedly, are unauthorized.\"The judge also declined to relax the requirement or overlook the necessity on the ground of delay, and said: \"This relief cannot be given in view of the specific direction issued by the apex court that no state or union territory shall permit any unlicensed saw-mills, veneer, plywood industry to operate without proper lincence and also in view of the direction to close the unlicensed units forthwith.\"Showing a little indulgence towards those units which had submitted their applications and are awaiting their disposal, Justice Sudhakar said the state-level committee as well as the central committee shall scrutinize the applications without undue delay. \"It is, however, made clear that till such time the licence is issued by the competent authority after following the procedure as applicable, the petitioners cannot claim as a matter of right to run the industry or for grant of electricity supply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024197", "title": "Probe panel going soft on guilty officials", "text": "NAGPUR: The three-member committee appointed to investigate the natural and artificial regeneration scam in the Nagpur territorial circle may be taking a lenient view of the case but documents reveal gross violations of working plan prescriptions resulting in unnecessary expenditure running into lakhs of rupees.TOI had reported on June 27 how forest officials swindled money in some ranges of Nagpur, Bhandara and Gondia divisions under the guise of regeneration works in 2011-12. A three-member committee was appointed on June 16 by the head of forest force (HOFF) A K Joshi to probe the scam. The committee was told to submit its report in two weeks but has failed to follow the deadline.This is despite the fact that one of the chief conservators of forests (CCF) of working plan T K Choubey, who was asked to assist the panel, reported the matter to the higher-ups and the government after inspection of the three divisions.The reports, sought by TOI under the RTI Act, reveal gross irregularities in natural and artificial regeneration forestry works. In five compartments of Kuhi and North Umred ranges, the misappropriation amounts to over Rs10 lakh.This is just the tip of the iceberg. If all compartments are inspected, the scam may run into crores. The government allocates huge funds for forestry activities under Exploitation by Government Agency (EGA) head.The committee consisting of APCCF (working plan) A K Sinha, APCCF (budget &amp; planning) Shree Bhagwan and divisional forest officer (vigilance) P D Masram along with Choubey and CCF of Nagpur Circle S H Patil inspected two compartments in Kuhi and three in North Umred ranges on June 27.Kuhi: In Dhamna (Kuhi), cleaning in the 6th year after main felling in the annual coupes is required to be done to promote established crop for future growing stock. An amount of Rs1.25 lakh was sanctioned for the works but no work was done. In records, Rs1.25 lakh was shown using fake documents. The ACF concerned sanctioned those estimates without verifying at the site. However, no responsibility has been fixed.Stock mapping and delineation of the area for teak plantation to be thinned have to be assessed before start of operations. However, in Kuhi's Chafeghat area, the plantations were repeatedly hacked and burnt making the crop unproductive. Without verifying the field condition and status of plantations, Rs1.83 lakh was sanctioned and Rs84,000 shown as spent without carrying out thinning operations.North Umred: The situation in Botezari in North Umred range is no different. In compartment 368, Rs1.94 lakh was sanctioned for tending of natural and artificial regeneration on 97 hectares. However, the committee on June 29 found no work was done in this coupe but Rs1.42 lakh was charged by fabricating documents. The report calls for fixing responsibility for this but senior officials are mum.In Dighori's compartment number 370, Rs1.82 lakh was sanctioned for tending natural regeneration but works were not done and yet Rs1.33 lakh was charged by showing false documents. The ACF concerned sanctioned false estimates.The copies of Choubey's report have also been forwarded to principal secretary (forests), HOFF and PCCF (production and management) but no action has been taken yet. On the contrary, the committee is allegedly now taking a stand that working plan CCF has no mandate to inspect the works, which is against the GR issued by the government on September 29, 2011 stating all forestry works should be as per the working plan. Some RFOs involved in the fraud are on the verge of retirement and if quick action is not taken, they will escape punishment.The committee found in Amghat that an amount of Rs1.52 lakh was charged by making false documents. Without verifying the record of working during the year of main felling and without preparing any maps, an amount of Rs1.91 lakh was sanctioned for cleaning works here. During inspection no cleaning works were found to be done.TOI had sought information under RTI from four officials. While the APCCF working plan and PCCF office refused to provide information, CCF of Nagpur Circle is yet to give a reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15028450", "title": "Critics won't like Kyaa Super Kool... : Sachin Yardi", "text": "Writer-director Sachin Yardi is not bothered about how critics are going to respond to his upcoming sex comedy 'Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum' as it belongs to the space of hardcore commercial cinema.Producers Balaji opened the campaign for the film by reminding audience how the first film 'Kyaa Kool Hain Hum' became a success despite being ripped apart by the critics.Yardi also believes that the film will get a thumbs-up by the paying audience because of its risque nature.\"It's not that I'm not bothered about what the critics will say about the film. I am being practical. 'KSKHH' is not 'Citizen Kane' . My film is hardcore commercial cinema designed purely to entertain. It's for the box office and chances are dim that critics will praise it,\" Yardi said about the film, which is slated to hit theatres on July 27.The director compares his film to Hollywood's 'American Pie' and hopes that it is enjoyed in the same manner.\"The film is bold, risque and adult, but I don't see why critics should turn cynical and not laugh. I'm sure they laugh loud enough while watching an American Pie,\" he said.The director feels that adult comedies are something that are yet to be explored in Bollywood.\" Kyaa Kool Hain Hum pioneered the wave of adult comedies when it released in 2005. We want to take the sequel to a new level. We have a very strong and breezy story line, which is a major plus. The humor is not there just for the sake of it!,\" Yardi said.The director, however, promises that despite having double meaning dialogues and going risque, the film is not vulgar.\"A sex comedy based on the premise of madness is very crucial. It is not just about two people passing crude remarks. We have gone adult but not vulgar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "khagaria", "code": "15023977", "title": "Road communication snaps between Beldaur and Khagaria", "text": "KHAGARIA: Road communication between Beldaur block headquarters and the district headquarters has been snapped as the northern approach road to steel bridge, parallel to the already damaged B P Mandal Setu near village Dumri on NH-107 over river Kosi, was washed away by Kosi flood waters on Monday.It may be mentioned here that the district administration had temporarily suspended vehicular traffic following massive erosion to the approach road to the steel bridge, which was constructed as an alternative at an estimated cost of Rs17 crore following the sliding of few pillars of BP Mandal setu, which was closed for vehicular traffic on July 20,2010.To add to the people's woes, they are now left with no option but to cross the river on boats or to walk on foot through the damaged setu. Meanwhile, with the onset of monsoon and heavy rain in catchment areas in Nepal during the last few days, Kosi and Bagmati has swollen up posing danger of flood to this flood-prone district. A large number of villages falling under riverine areas of Alouli, Beldaur, Chautham, Gogri and Parbatta blocks are facing imminent threat of inundation eroding a vast tract of cultivable land and houses almost every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15023606", "title": "DLF, Lodha near agreement on Mumbai Textile mill plot", "text": "MUMBAI: DLF, India's biggest real estate firm, which is looking to offload its non-core assets to pare debt, has reached an understanding with the Lodha Group to jointly develop its 17-acre Mumbai Textile mill plot. The exact terms of the profit-sharing agreement will be finalized in a fortnight, say sources close to the deal.The plot has a developable space of 4 million sq ft and Lodha has plans to develop a premium housing project on the lines of Lodha Bellissimo, a 48-storey tower on N M Joshi Marg at Lower Parel. Flats in the area are now quoting over Rs40,000 a sq ft.Abhishek Lodha, managing director, Lodha Group, refused to comment, while Rajiv Talwar, DLF's group executive director, denied a joint venture with Lodha. Talwar said, \"We are in talks with two-three developers.''Incidentally, Lodha along with a US-based private equity fund (not Vornado, which had never shown interest in the deal) had earlier offered to pay DLF Rs2,900 crore for the plot. Though Lodha has a good standing in the investor community, the deal did not materialize due to the tightening global economic conditions and sluggish property market in India.Real estate analysts believe the JV, as an alternative, spells good news for Lodha and DLF, whose cash flows are quite stretched.DLF had bought the land from the National Textiles Corporation for Rs702 crore in 2005. It has since considered the feasibility of building a mall, office buildings and even a residential complex on the plot, before putting it up for sale. The company has a debt of over Rs22,000 crore.The cash-rich Lodha Group is building the world's tallest, 117-storey residential tower in Mumbai.Other Mumbai-based real estate firms, including Sheth Developers, the Avinash Bhosale Group, Oberoi Realty, Piramal Realty and Wadhwa Developers, had evinced interest in the property.The Runwal Group, with backing from HDFC , had also offered Rs2,400 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15023893", "title": "Corporators seek better deal for urban poor, stage dharna", "text": "DHANBAD: Demanding distribution of 'red cards' to the urban poor of Dhanbad, 55 elected corporators of Dhanbad Municipal Corporation on Tuesday sat on day-long dharna at the Randhir Verma Circle near office of the deputy commissioner here.The corporators who have formed Parshad Ekta Manch later submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner seeking better deal for the poor from the district administration and the Bharat Coking Coal Limited. Priyaranjan, a ward councillor of ward no 26 said since 50 per cent of the Dhanbad Municipal limits was under the coal bearing areas controlled by BCCL, it was the responsibility of the company to take care of their needs. The government should ask the BCCL to extend help to the poor families in the coal bearing areas.Madan Mahto, elected from ward no 32, said the corporators had surveyed the different colonies of the town and collected list of one lakh families who deserved BPL cards. The list was submitted to the civic officials long back, but the urban poor did not get Red cards. Mahto listed 2220 beneficiaries in his ward and Priyaranjan has a list of 2500 poor families. The government is not acting on the recommendations of the ward councillors, they alleged.The urban poor were not getting old age pension, widow pension and ration from the revamped public distribution system as they have been denied the Red Cards.They demanded BPL identity cards be issued immediately to enable them to avail government-sponsored facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15025168", "title": "Takeaways: Indian food better", "text": "LONDON: Takeaways may contain more than three times the amount of prescribed salt, while Indian cuisine with less salt content makes a better option compared to pizzas and Chinese food, according to a study.A survey by Liverpool John Moores University found pizzas had the highest salt content with an average of 9.45 grams. Chinese had an average of 8.1 grams, followed by kebabs with 6.2 grams, Indian food with 4.7 grams and English with 2.2 grams. According to the study, the average pepperoni pizza meal had 12.94 grams of salt, followed by seafood pizza with an average 11 grams, and Margherita at 8.8 grams.Ham and pineapple had the lowest, 7.7 grams of salt, the Daily Mail reported.The study is one of the first designed to evaluate the salt content in hot takeaway meals and it's results show that salt concentration in these kinds of food is alarmingly high, the researchers told the journal Appetite.In Indian food, an average portion of chicken tikka masala with keema rice had a salt concentration of nearly seven grams, which was 50% higher than most other Indian dishes. A doner kebab and chips had 6.5 grams, while a typical Shish kebab had not much more than four. English food came out with the lowest amounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "15024574", "title": "Woman kills self", "text": "WARANGAL: A woman allegedly killed her two children and ended her life by consuming pesticide in Vaddegudem village in Warangal district on Tuesday. Rajitha, 25, gave pesticide to her sons-Abhiram and Arvind before consuming it herself. The three were rushed to Waradhannapet hospital by locals but they died on their way.Police said Rajitha took the extreme step over a family dispute. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15023643", "title": "'Creation of buffer zone unrealistic'", "text": "THANE: All residential, commercial or industrial activity abutting the boundary of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park at Thane, Mulund, Borivli will not be affected by the Supreme Court's suggestion to create an eco-sensitive buffer zone of 10 km around the protected forest, as it has failed to find favour with the forest officials from Thane range.The common consensus among the forest officials here is not to extend the width of the existing boundary of SGNP as the area has long been occupied by housing societies and several commercial ventures.\"One has to take a realistic view of the situation. The present SGNP boundary has the Western Express highway on one hand and at the Yeoor end in Thane. If one were to implement the suggestion of the National Board for Wildlife to build a buffer of 10 km, then the entire area up to Thane station could have to be declared no-development zone. It is impossible as the entire city will be affected,\" said Omprakash Sharma, a former member of the BJP's national council.Officials said in the case of Tungareshwar and Tansa sancturies, the buffer zone proposed is 400 metres and 2 km, respectively, outside the forest boundaries. The decision to slash the proposed 10 km of eco-senstive zone in these two locations at Vasai and Mokhada was taken after long sessions with the villagers residing alongside the boundary of these sanctuaries.\"Suggestions and objections of the villagers were taken into consideration before we could decide on the buffer zone boundary. A proper awareness campaign was carried out by the forest officials and resolutions passed by the panchayats on this issue will carry weight when the government takes a final view,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023388", "title": "Can't extradite Fasih Mohammed: Interpol", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a jolt to Indian investigating agencies, Interpol has informed the home ministry that Fasih Mohammed, who is wanted in several terror cases and is in the custody of Saudi Arabian authorities, cannot be extradited to India. The only option available to India now is to persuade Saudi authorities to deport him, the way they recently handed over 26/11 handler Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.The decision was conveyed to the home ministry after Delhi and Karnataka police on Monday filed their reports on Fasih saying \"they have not filed any charge-sheet against him in any court yet\". According to Interpol rules, a person can be extradited only if a police department has filed a charge-sheet against him and a court has taken cognizance of that charge-sheet.In the last week of June, Saudi authorities had informed India about Fasih's arrest after which the home ministry and the foreign ministry, along with CBI, began talks with Saudi about his extradition. In light of Interpol rules on extradition, the home ministry then sought reports from Delhi and Karnataka police on cases against Fasih. \"With no charge-sheet against an accused in India, it is considered 'no evidence' in extradition terms,\" a source said.An engineer and alleged member of banned outfit Indian Mujahideen, 28-year-old Fasih is alleged to have been involved in the Chinnaswamy Stadium blast in Bangalore and the shooting near Jama Masjid (Delhi) in 2010 and is wanted by both Delhi and Karnataka police. An Interpol red corner notice against Fasih was issued earlier this year after reports of his sudden disappearance.Fasih's wife Nikhat Parveen has approached the Supreme Court claiming that her husband was in the custody of central security agencies. Parveen had told the court that her husband was picked up by a joint team of Indian and Saudi officials on May 13 for his alleged terror links.India has sent documents to Saudi Arabia showing his identity as an Indian national. \"We will now try to get him deported on the basis of his Indian citizenship documents,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15025637", "title": "AP high court frames new rules for management quota medical seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amid widespread allegations that private medical colleges in the state are selling MBBS seats under the management quota at hefty prices in an indiscriminate manner, Justice CV Nagarjuna Reddy of the AP high court on Tuesday issued a series of directions to ensure fairness and transparency in the allotment of such seats. According to this interim order, the managements of medical colleges have to follow merit in accordance with the marks obtained by the candidates in their intermediate examinations even for allotting management quota seats.Since this order is binding on the authorities to ensure its immediate implementation, it is presumed that it would come into effect with immediate effect and will encompass in its purview the admissions already made for the current year under the management quota. Moreover, the judge further directed that the final list be produced before the court before it is finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15025553", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation asks zonal officials to set up ward sabhas", "text": "PUNE: PCMC commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi has directed zonal officials to constitute ward sabhas and submit their compliance reports by July 31.A ward sabha comprises voters (who have their names in the voter's list)of the particular electoral ward. It is headed by the local corporator and has an appointed secretary, who is not below the rank of an office superintendent.The sabha is expected to prepare a list of developmental projects to be taken up in the ward on priority. The list is then sent to the zonal committee and the civic body for including the suggestions in the development plan. Suggestions could be about streetlights, public water taps, wells, public toilets, etc.The limits of the ward sabha will be one or more but less than five polling booths. There should not be a gap of more than six months between two ward sabha meetings. The president of the ward sabha will be the corporator elected from that ward. He/she will preside over the meetings. An officer who is not below the rank of an office superintendent is to be appointed as the secretary of the ward sabha.Former independent corporator Maruti Bhapkar said he has received a letter from the municipal secretary dated July 5 which confirms the directive was issued by the municipal commissioner to all the four zonal officers on June 20. Pardeshi's letter states that the Union government has directed to implement reforms as per the tripartite memorandum of agreement signed by the union government, state government and municipal corporations under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme.Zonal officers Dnyaneshwar Dhere, Aziz Karche, Dilip Bamb and Pandurang Zure said they have received the directives and that the process to form ward sabhas has already begun.There are four zones in PCMC and each zone has 16 wards. Each ward is represented by two corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15026053", "title": "Choked voice a symptom of vocal chord tumor: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: Beware if your voice has been choked for more than a month. Taking this symptom lightly as a side-effect of monsoons may give you a shock later. Choked voice for a long time can be a symptom of vocal chord tumor, experts say.The ENT experts of Lala Lajpat Rai Medical College conducted a vocal chord surgery of Shreechandra,40, from Kalyanpur. He suffered from choked voice for several months. He even consulted physician for the treatment of cough, sneeze and choked voice but nothing benefitted him. After getting no relief from treatments, he consulted ENT expert, Dr SK Kannaujia at LLR.After analyzing the disease as Mixolymphoma tumor, which is a non-cancerous tumor, the doctors conducted Microlaryngeal surgery on Shreechandra. The surgery was successful and the patient has got his voice once again. The doctors advised the citizens not to take voice blockages casually.Talking to TOI, Dr SK Kannaujia informed that the patient was having a 4cm diameter tumor in his vocal chord and hence was feeling uneasy while breathing and talking. \"Symptoms like choking of voice and breathlessness sounds very normal sometimes. But these symptoms can be alarming. One must not neglect choking of voice for a long time, as this may lead to canceruos vocal chord tumor as well. People must not do self medication and consult experts in case of any difficulty,\" added Dr Kannaujia further.The experts also added that most of the vocal chord tumors are cancerous but if this can be diagnosed earlier, it may help in the treatment and recovery of the patient. Cases like non-cancerous tumors are very less and found one in thousand cases. Talking about the newly developed Microlaryngeal surgery, the expert said the surgery for voice problems has fortunately become quite uncommon these days. But still, most voice disorders can be treated with medications or voice therapy.However, there are certain conditions in which operative measures are necessary. Some benign vocal fold lesions such as cysts or polyps may not respond to more conservative treatment and will need surgery. \"Microlaryngeal surgery is extremely safe,\" added Dr Kannaujia further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027944", "title": "Lady Gaga surprises with new black perfume", "text": "Lady Gaga has thrilled her fans by creating the world's first-ever black perfume.The 29-year-old teamed up with bosses at fragrance firm Coty Beauty to release the fragrance named 'Lady Gaga Fame', a black liquid that sprays on clear and smells different on different people.\"It is the first-ever black eau de parfum and we use language like 'black like the soul of fame but invisible once airborne,' which makes the fragrance an allusion to the dark side of fame... And it will smell different on different people,\" Contactmusic quoted Coty Beauty executive Steve Mormoris as telling Women's Wear Daily.\"There is a different volatility for different notes, and they're of differing strengths. They work together harmoniously, but then they undergo metamorphosis on the skin, so you're constantly surprised... Some accords will come out if you rub it, other accords will come out later.\"The clear bottle, shaped like an egg features a claw-inspired cap with the words \"Ultimate Masterpiece\" inscribed along the side.The perfume, which contains hints of incense, honey and apricot nectar, will hit U.S. department stores in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "washington/dubai", "code": "15028304", "title": "Naval ship shooting incident: Will be transparent in sharing probe details with India, US says", "text": "WASHINGTON/DUBAI: The US has said it will share with India transparently the results of its probe into the naval ship shooting incident that killed an Indian fisherman in UAE waters, even as the survivors disputed Pentagon's claim that they were forewarned.Pentagon press secretary George Little had insisted that the naval ship had issued several warnings to the fishing boat in the Persian Gulf before it fired shots that killed an Indian fisherman and injured three others.State department spokesperson Patrick Ventrell, meanwhile, said the department of defense was conducting an investigation into the incident that has earlier been described as regrettable.\"... And we, of course, will work with our Indian counterparts and be as transparent as possible to provide them the results of our investigation once it's finished,\" Ventrell said in response to a question.He said the Pentagon which is probing the matter will be in touch with the Indian officials.The incident happened on Monday when a small fishing boat carrying six people -- four Indians and two Emiratis -- was fired upon by a security team onboard the US navy vessel.External affairs minister S M Krishna termed the killing as \"unfortunate\" and said his ministry was in touch with its ambassador in UAE, M K Lokesh, who has raised the issue with the UAE government.Lokesh, on his part, disputed American claims and said the survivors' account differs from that provided by the US Navy.\"According to the survivors, there were no warnings given to them,\" Lokesh said in Dubai .\"There are many versions of the incident. We have to wait for the details to emerge,\" the ambassador said.Little said that the USNS Rappahannock had escalated warning measures in response to a \"potential threat\" posed by the vessel.\"Based on what we know now, a series of warning measures were issued to the oncoming vessel. Those warnings were not heeded, and the vessel was fired upon,\" Little told reporters.The fisherman who died was identified as Sekar of Periyapattinam in Ramanathapuram district. The injured - Muthu Muniraj (28), Muthu Kannan (35) and Pandu Sanadhan (26) - too hailed from Tamil Nadu.\"We certainly regret the loss of life in this incident. There were in fact warning measures that were taken, based on what we know now. This is under investigation and we'll know the full facts of this incident once that investigation is complete,\" Little said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15026910", "title": "Deepika eyes Priyanka\u2019s territory", "text": "The actress bids for the role of Gujarati Juliet and Bhansali may just change his mind again It's no longer a walkover for Priyanka for the role of a Gujju Juliet in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela.  We hear from very reliable sources that Deepika Padukone is keen, very keen to bag the role. And is reportedly pulling out all the stops to find a toehold in the Bhansali camp. In fact, the actress, fresh from the positive review she has received for Cocktail has been sending feelers to Bhansali. So much so, the filmmaker, known to be extremely set in his ways, has begun to thaw. And if he eventually gives, in, this would be the third project that Dippy will have taken up from Kareena, after Chennai Express and the Ekta kapoor-Karan Johar film. Says a source close to the developments, \"Priyanka was all but finalised for Ram Leela. Bhansali and PeeCee were in constant touch though she's abroad working on her international music album. In fact even her clothes were finalised. And now Deepika has in her petition for the modern day Juliet, even though she was never on Bhansali's radar.\" Bhansali had second thoughts about Deepika after he was coaxed into watching Cocktail . Apparently her ability to evoke nuances of grey in her performance impressed the filmmaker. The debate over who will play the lead opposite Ranvir Singh is now split wide open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15024539", "title": "22-year-old caught attempting burglary in bank", "text": "NAGPUR: A youth was held for attempting to rob a private bank on Residency Road in the jurisdiction of Sadar police station on Monday. Mohan Nagar resident Aniket Nagarkar claimed he had planned the robbery alone. Aniket Nagarkar had a lucky escape after his first attempt, since the cops failed to notice him hiding in the basement. However, his second attempt a few hours later led to his arrest.Police were surprised about Nagarkar's audacious plan to enter the bank. Cops said there is an ice-cream parlour in the same building, which shuts down around midnight. \"It's a busy road and frequented by youths. We are surprised how he managed to walk to the rear of the bank, which is on the first floor. Two security guards were also on duty,\" said RV Bansod, senior police inspector.As per his plan, Nagarkar entered the bank through the pantry section at around 10.30pm. He broke open the window grill and also the glass panes of the rear window of the pantry. Around 10.45, a siren indicated a break-in to the security guards, who immediately informed bank officials. As the alarm continued for almost 30 minutes, the guards alerted nearby Sadar police too.Police failed to notice the broken grill or anything else suspicious. Hence, the cops went back after the siren stopped automatically. \"Instead of checking the other doors and windows, we searched inside the bank but no one was present there. The guards suspected the alarm was due to a technical fault, and hence we left,\" said police sub-inspector Atul Bhos.The robbery attempt came to light when the siren rang again at around 12.30am. This time, the guards and cops searched every corner of the building.\"We checked the rear entry. The grill had been removed and broken window panes confirmed the robbery attempt. We immediately called up bank officials and checked the CCTV footage, which showed Nagarkar had entered,\" said Bansod.The footage shows how Nagarkar entered through the pantry and immediately switched off the light. \"However, despite no light, the footage clearly shows Nagarkar searching for the locker keys in all drawers. While searching, Nagarkar's hand touched some sensor and the siren started again. Nagarkar can also be seen trying to stop the siren,\" said Bansod.After searching for two hours, Nagarkar was finally caught in the basement, where he was hiding between two cupboards.During interrogation, Nagarkar told the cops none of his friend were involved with him. He has a student account in the bank and the staffs knows him well. He said he regularly has coffee in the neighbouring shop. On Monday too, he had a coffee and hit upon the idea of robbery.Nagarkar told police that poverty in the family drove him towards crime. Nagarkar's father, who was a finance head in a private company, has been paralysed since last three years. His mother is employed as a nurse in Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH). Nagarkar is struggling to get admission in a master's course while his younger sister is preparing for entrance to charted accountancy course.Police are still trying to find out Nagarkar's past record. He has been booked for trespassing and other offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025227", "title": "BJP flays Shivpal Yadav for meeting jailed National Rural Health Mission accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: A couple of days after Shivpal Yadav, a senior Samajwadi Party leader and PWD minister in Akhilesh Yadav government, defended his meeting with NRHM scam accused IAS officer Pradeep Shukla at Dasna jail in Ghaziabad, Bharatiya Janata Party claimed that in such a scenario there was no hope of justice in the inquiries proposed by the SP government to probe into alleged corruption during the Bahujan Samaj Party rule.Shivpal, however, said: \"I met a lot of people in the jail and inquired about the facilities there.\"It is noteworthy that \"lot of people\" whom PWD minister met in Dasna jail also included a tainted former minister in BSP government Babu Singh Kushwaha. The meeting between Kushwaha and Shivpal in Dasna jail lasted for over 15 minutes, sources close to Kushwaha confirmed to TOI.Both Kushwaha and Shukla are accused in the Rs 5,700 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. While Kushwaha is accused of being involved in the scam when he was the minister of family welfare, Shukla has been accused by the Central Bureau of Investigation of embezzlement worth crores of rupees from the fund meant for NRHM.Reacting to Shivpal's meeting with tainted IAS officer and former minister, state BJP chief Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi talking to TOI said, the meeting reflected the state of affairs in the Samajwadi Party government and added that the meeting raises question on the functioning of the Akhilesh-led government in the state.In such a scenario, it will not be prudent for the people of the state to expect justice from the Akhilesh-led SP government from inquiry that it has proposed to probe into alleged rampant corruption during Mayawati-led Bahujan Samaj Party rule.This also puts a question mark on the intention of Samajwadi Party government, another senior BJP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15023425", "title": "Court passes on documents against Abhishek Verma to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has handed over to the CBI some documents, purportedly sent to it by an NGO and linked to a case against businessman Abhishek Verma, arrested for allegedly bribing some government officials to stall the blacklisting of a Swiss arms firm by the government.Special CBI judge Sanjeev Jain while entrusting the documents to CBI asked it to examine them and take action on them, if warranted.The court had passed on the documents to CBI while rejecting the bail plea of Verma's wife Anca Maria Neacsu. The court had received two envelopes, containing some documents, a few days ago.The court said the envelopes were purportedly sent by post by Transparency (India) International, Jawahar Bhawan in Lajpat Nagar and the documents appeared to be related to the ongoing probe against Verma and his wife.Transparency (India) International is the India chapter of the international civil society Transparency International. The NGO claims to be fighting corruption.\"In the first look, the documents contained in these two envelopes appear to be related to the ongoing investigation of this case,\" the court had said. The court had on Monday dismissed the bail plea of Anca saying she was in a position to influence witnesses and tamper with evidence related to Ganton India and Ganton USA, in which she was a managing director and director respectively. The firms are said to be Verma's front companies.In the present case, Verma has been accused of taking $530,000 from Rheinmetall Air Defence AG (RAD) for using his influence to stall the blacklisting proceedings initiated by the government against it after the Ordnance Factory Board scam had surfaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15024815", "title": "Visitor tries to smuggle in mobile phone; seized", "text": "JODHPUR: Despite strict measures by jail administrations, prisoners and their visitors often find ways to beat the multi-layered security systems and smuggle in objectionable and banned items, particularly mobile phones, inside the cells. Even high-security jails like Jodhpur Central Jail are not spared and sometimes officials need to depend on their intuition to catch these shenanigans.On Tuesday, one such attempt was thwarted by the jail administration when a visitor of a prisoner found entering the jail with a mobile phone hidden in slippers meant for the prisoner.A visitor identified as Pappu Ram had brought undergarments and a set of \"chappal\" for his brother Surja Ram (an undertrial in case under NDPS act). The footwear passed through the RAC and crossed the main gate of the jail but was caught at the next jail gate after a close inspection. Jail superintendent A R Nyazi said a new Nokia mobile phone was found hidden under the sole of the footwear which was re-stitched after inserting the mobile phone.Pappu Ram had mentioned that the items were meant for a prisoner, Modi Khan, who hardly had any visitor. \"It made us suspicious how a Hindu has come to meet a Muslim prisoner and that too from Mandsore. When we asked Khan, he mentioned Surja Ram, the brother of Pappu Ram,\" Nyazi said, adding, \"When we checked the stuff further, we found the \"chappals\" to be suspicious, which after ripping, a mobile phone was found.\"In the past one year, over 100 mobile phones have been seized from the jail here but the jail authorities are not in a position to claim that the jail is completely mobile phone free despite even regular inspection.Time and again it has been proven that a number of criminals have been operating from the jails using mobile phones, the current example being the escape of Kailash Jakhar from Jodhpur jail, which has been planned from within the jail itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15027951", "title": "Mamta Mohandas more active after marriage?", "text": "Mamta Mohandas plays the female lead in debutant director Anoop Kannan's Jawan of Vellimala, in which Mammootty is the hero. The shooting of the film is currently going on at Kochi.Mammootty plays an ex-jawan, who had quit the Army during the Kargil war and is now working in Vellamala dam as a pump operator. Mamta is doing the role of a camp officer, who is in charge of providing fresh water to the residents there.Has she become more active after her marriage? \"Not really. I am doing Jeethu Joseph's My Boss as well. In fact I have cut down on the number of films,\" she says.She has completed one season for the TV game show Kaiyil Oru Kodi! Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15025717", "title": "Minor\u2019s kidnap: Four youths acquitted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four youths accused of kidnapping a minor boy and demanding a ransom of Rs 1.5 lakh have been acquitted by a Delhi court which found contradictions in the testimony and the complaint by the parents of the child. Additional sessions Judge Rakesh Tewari acquitted the youths, observing that the victim's parents failed to identify them.\"From the hostility of the parents of the alleged kidnapped child, the whole case of the prosecution is washed away right from factum of kidnapping up to the recovery or any demand of ransom, including the identity of the accused,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15024859", "title": "HC raps Income Tax dept, returns affidavit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has come down heavily on the income tax (I-T) department for filing an affidavit surreptitiously after the stage of arguments was over in Vodafone Essar Gujarat Ltd's petition.The company has filed an appeal against a single judge's order not approving the scheme of arrangement to transfer passive assets to it after an objection raised by the I-T department over tax issues. A bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Mohinder Pal took up the revenue officials for directly submitting a bulky affidavit in the court registry without taking the due permission.Moreover, the I-T department also got flak for not intimating the court about development of a similar case before the Delhi high court. The department could not divulge any information about whether it challenged an order passed by a single judge bench of the Delhi HC 15 months back.The bench has summoned the responsible officer from Delhi on July 20 to know the status of the case there and also why the Gujarat HC was not apprised on the matter. It was necessary for judicial comity, the bench observed.This came after the company's counsel Mihir Joshi and Amit Panchal informed the court that five other high courts have approved the firm's similar schemes, but the Gujarat circle of the I-T department raised an objection.On filing the affidavit clandestinely in the registry, the judges wrote, \"It is unfortunate that even though arguments of both the sides were concluded on the last date, directly an affidavit is filed in the registry.\"With this, the HC directed the registry not to accept any document directly, without leave of the court when the arguments are concluded.\"If such practice is continued, in a given case, if the judgment is kept reserved, one may mischievously put some documents by filing the same before the registry,\" the court said after I-T department's counsel tendered unconditional apology.The HC has kept further hearing on July 20 after directing the court registry to 'deregister' the affidavit and return it to the I-T department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15024878", "title": "7 European films to be screened in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Jodhpur will have a screening of seven select and most popular films from European countries from July 20 to 29. The Film Society of Jodhpur (FSJ) has taken the initiative to bring European Union Film Festival to Jodhpur, where films will be screened in their original language but with English sub-titles.Secretary of FSJ, M S Maheshwari said, \"We had been trying to bring the best films from European Union countries since long through the Federation of Film Societies of India and we are happy that to begin with we have been allotted seven films to screen here.\" He said that vice chancellor of the National Law University, Jodhpur, N N Mathur will inaugurate the event.The countries, which will participate in the festival, are Slovakia, Italy, Denmark, Greece, Spain, Hungary and Finland with their films Apricot Island, Weddings and other Disasters, Aching Hearts, Touch of Spice, Camino, Chameleon and If You Love.Maheshwari said that the festival will prove a major step in boosting cultural exchange between India and Europe. \"Viewers will find that many of these films involve more than one country in picturisation of architecture, culture and ethos, which is the reality of modern lives all over the world,\" said Maheshwari.This is for the first time that a festival of this magnitude involving international films is being held in a city like Jodhpur after New Delhi, Pune, Hyderabad, Goa, Chennai, Bangalore and Kolkata. The locals will be treated to some of the best European films in their own city. Maheshwari said that Ahmedabad and Chandigarh will also be screening European films along with Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15024435", "title": "Forward trading a curse for farmers: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday iterated her stand against forward trading after holding a meeting with the 11-member task force team at Writers' Buildings. Mamata had formed the task force on July 2, two days after she did a recce of prominent markets in the city. On Tuesday, she did a follow-up of the task bestowed on this special monitoring committee for reining in price rise, but took a broader view of the crisis by clarifying her stand against forward trading yet again.Last Thursday, amid her posturing to oppose Mukherjee for president, while the chief minister was touring north Bengal she made a quietly thwarted yet another policy change at the centre. Having already forced the government on the back foot on several policies such as the FDI in retail and land acquisition bill, the Trinamool Congress chief now got the Union cabinet had to put on hold the Forward Contract Regulation Amendment (FCRA) Bill.The chief minister strongly opposed forward trading in commodities introduced by the Centre. \"We can't accept forward trading as it creates an artificial crisis of agricultural commodity in the market,\" she said, adding, \"It is also contrary to farmers' interest. We want to make the farmers self-reliant.\"The Trinamool Congress, in principle, are opposed to the forward trading bill as the party feels it would lead to inflation and encourage large-scale hoarding, which is detrimental to the interest of farmers. But the UPA insists the bill would have empowered the regulator of the forward market commission, whose job is to control commodity trade, thus making farmers get a better deal.Mamata claimed that prices of vegetables and other commodities had come down by 50% following a strict vigil by the task force. The chief minister said conceded that the price of potato had remained static at Rs 14 a kg.\"I have asked police to keep a close watch on the price.Police are looking out for hoarders. I have asked them to arrest them as soon as they are spotted,\" the chief minister said.She said farmers should get the right price for the vegetables and they are the ones who should be controlling the market without the interference of middlemen. Accusing the Centre of being responsible for a decontrolled fertiliser market, the chief minister added, \"Decontrolling fertilizer prices pushed up price of vegetables. Fertiliser subsidy is essential.\"Mamata's tone on Tuesday was significant as she was to announce her support for Prnab Mukherjee barely two hours later. After the presidential polls, the Union government is expected to push forward its reforms agenda, which also means going ahead with the FCRA Bill and FDI in retail. And if Trinamool refuses to play ball, some felt the UPA would maintain that it was free to leave the government.On Tuesday, the chief minister announced a pilot project of setting up 100 polyhouses in South 24-Parganas. Polyhouses are constructed with the help of ultraviolet plastic sheets. The crops grown under polyhouses are safe from unfavourable environment. The polyhouses will come up at aila-affected areas of Pathapratima, Bishnupur II, Gosaba, Mograhat, Joynagar and Canning.Mamata also announced setting up of kissan bazaars in 95 blocks and constructing warehouses and cold storage in all the 391 blocks of the state. She also announced that farmers in Singur and the aila-hit areas will get 16 kg of rice at Rs 2 a kg till Id and Durga Puja.Assembly Opposition leader Surya Kanta Mishra, Left Front chairman Biman Bose, senior Forward Bloc leader Asoke Ghosh, CPI's Manju majumdar and three Left MLAs, were among the 3660 people who courted arrest on Tuesday in protest against the rise in prices of essential commodities.Kolkata: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday reiterated her stand against forward trading on a day she vowed to continue her issue-based opposition while announcing her support for Pranab Mukherjee's presidential candidature.The occasion was commonplace: the chief minister held a meeting with members of the 11-member task force at Writers' Buildings. Mamata had formed the task force on July 2, two days after she did a recce of the soaring prices in the city's markets. On Tuesday, she did a follow-up of the task bestowed on this special monitoring committee for reining in price rise, but took a broader view of the crisis by clarifying her stand against forward trading yet again.Last Thursday, amid her posturing to oppose Mukherjee for president, while the chief minister was touring north Bengal she made a quietly thwarted yet another policy change at the centre. Having already forced the government on the back foot on several policies such as the FDI in retail and land acquisition bill, the Trinamool Congress chief now got the Union cabinet had to put on hold the Forward Contract Regulation Amendment (FCRA) Bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15024860", "title": "DVS's parting gift to the Mangalore", "text": "Mangalore: It is not often that former CM DV Sadananda Gowda publicly agree with the visions of deputy speaker N Yogish Bhat for the development of the city in general and Dakshina Kannada in particular. Gowda's reasoning for this was that Bhat's plans would require half if not more of the state's budgetary outlay. But, he did agree to two projects that Bhat had pressed for. While the first one is a 3D planetarium that will come up at the Regional Science Centre in Pilikula Nisargadhama near here, the second is the deputy commissioner's office complex to be come up in Bangra Kuloor near here. Spread over nine acres, the project which is estimated to cost Rs 41 crore, will house all district-level offices under one roof. Sadananda Gowda has publicly admitted that this was the last file that he cleared before demitting the office of the chief minister. He had stopped clearing files when it became evident that he would have to make way for Jagadish Shettar for political reasons. Yogish Bhat said, \"This is the project by which people of the district will remember DV for his tenure as CM. The preliminary line estimates, project proposal and other issues that had to be officially sorted out were done and the file was sent to the CMO for clearance in a record period of 10 days.\" Gowda told TOI that the detailed plan, architectural design and other clearances would follow now that the administrative approval had been given. Regarding objection raised by Mangalore Stock Exchange about use of three acres of land in survey number 381/A1 at Bangra Kuloor for the project, DC NS Channappa Gowda said he would strive to resolve it amicably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15023836", "title": "HC to BCCI: Include Bihar in calendar of tournaments", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of Patna high court presided by Justice V N Sinha, on Tuesday, directed the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Bto include Bihar in its calendar of tournaments. The court issued the directive on a PIL filed by Bihar Cricket Association (BCA). However, a three-member full bench of the high court, presided by the chief justice, will later decide which faction of the BCA will send the state teams to different tournaments. It may be mentioned here that there are two factions in the BCA, one led by Ajay Narayan Sharma and another by RJD supremo Lalu Prasad. The case is scheduled for hearing on August 18.Notice to history-sheeters: Patna high court on Tuesday issued notice to two history-sheeters while hearing a PIL filed by the state government against them seeking cancellation of their bail granted to them earlier. A single bench of Justice Mandhata Singh issued notice to one Mohammad Kalam of Patna district and Natwar from Nalanda district in this connection.AAG-1 Lalit Kishore said the state government has so far sought cancellation of bail to 150 people, including politicians and criminals convicted for murder, kidnapping, extortion and loot. Counter-affidavits had been filed seeking bail cancellation of those who were professional criminals and were involved in fresh cases after coming out on bail.Vacant posts of teachers: A division bench of Justice Shivkirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain on Tuesday directed the state government to file a reply in connection with filling around 3,000 vacant posts of teachers and non-teaching staff in different universities of the state. The court, while hearing a contempt petition filed by Vinay Kumar Singh, gave one week time to the government to file its reply.Appearing on behalf of the state government, AAG-1 Lalit Kishore informed the court that vacant posts are being filled through rationalization process and once it is completed, recruitment against rest of the vacant posts would be taken up.Lawyer's case: A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Tuesday ordered to make the then DDC of Samastipur a party in the case related to lodging of a false case against Samastipur lawyer Anil Kumar. Kumar was arrested on April 19 on the charge of accepting a 'bribe' of Rs 30 from an old woman for writing an application for her which, the lawyer claimed, was a fee for his professional work. The case would come up for hearing on August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15023174", "title": "Presidential poll: Mamata backs Pranab with 'heavy heart'", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday declared her support to UPA nominees Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari for president and vice-president in a stunning climbdown which exposed the limits of her gunboat politics and that can boost the UPA's morale.Pledging support for Mukherjee whom she unsuccessfully tried to stall, Banerjee was candid in acknowledging that she was not happy about having to reverse her stand. A grim-faced CM said she took the decision with a \"heavy heart\" and because of \"alliance compulsions\": a rare expression of helplessness on part of the strong-willed politician who has marshalled her 19 Lok Sabha MPs to force the government to beat a retreat on many policy moves.\"We didn't take the decision with a smile. We held that A P J Abdul Kalam was more suited. But Kalam chose not to contest. So there were only two left for the president. One was Pranab and the other was Sangma, who is not even an NDA candidate. At times, we need to take such stringent decisions in the interests of the state, in the interests of democracy,\" Banerjee said.She initially parried questions on whether she would support Hamid Ansari for vice-president.\"There is still time. His election will be held in August.\" But then she added, \"We shall support him. That's the prime minister's request.\"It was only on Saturday, at the UPA meeting, that Trinamool proposed Gopal Gandhi and Krishna Bose as its choices for vice-president.The changed stance on Ansari may appear ironical, considering that it was her opposition to the vice-president's elevation to Rashtrapati Bhawan on grounds of his links to Left which helped Mukherjee's aspirations.The U-turn over Mukherjee was brought out by a combination of factors ranging from fear of desertions from Trinamool in Mukherjee's favour to the fear of annoying Bengali sentiment raring to see the first-ever 'bhadralok' occupy Rashrapati Bhawan. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's painstaking diplomacy to bring her around, lingering hopes of financial assistance from the Centre and, perhaps the desire to prevent the Left from exploiting a rift with UPA were other drivers.Each of these considerations are weighty, but this marked the first instance where she ended up acquiescing in the UPA's choice. Her forced somersaults also highlighted how the Trinamool boss, a leader with an undeniable mass base, got trumped in the intrigues of the Delhi Durbar by overplaying her hand.Talking to reporters, Banerjee made no bones of the fact that she was having to swallow a bitter pill, citing the litany of her grievances against Mukherjee.The Trinamool chief turned sentimental while saying she hadn't received a single call from Mukherjee, although the PM and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi had spoken to her on the phone for garnering support for him. \"I met him 15-20 times in all, four or five times my finance minister Amit Mitra was with me. I had invited him to come for a cup of tea at Writers' Building, but he never came. Hope, he will oblige us now as President. I wish him a long life. Hope he does good for the nation and its people,\" she said.The chief minister recalled the time when Mukherjee wasn't in the Congress and \"all alone, I used to support him then. I had taken him to Tripura and tried getting him into the Congress\".Mukherjee welcomed the development, but not without implying that Banerjee risked losing the membership of UPA if she had gone against him in the vote on Thursday. \"I am grateful to Mamata as she is continuing in UPA. I welcome her decision,\" said the President-in waiting whose victory margin is going to swell further with Trinamool's support.Explaining what prompted her to take such a decision, Banerjee said, \"We are not supporting Pranab Mukherjee individually. It's our political decision. It's all right that he is from Bengal. Even if we don't support him, he will get the votes... so might as well vote for him. This is the only option where we can apply our voting rights.\"Banerjee's options were limited also by the West Bengal demographic. With Muslims accounting for one-third of the electorate, she could not afford to go with the NDA. Talking to reporters, she said as much. \"Given the two choices\u2014to vote with UPA or BJP and other parties\u2014we have to see whether to vote at all\u2014or who to vote for. So, we will vote for Pranab Mukherjee. We wish we could have taken the decision with a smile. Abstention was one option. We don't want our party's 50,000 votes to be wasted by abstaining.\"Her hasty announcement at Writers' Building, a day before she was scheduled to communicate her stand to her party MLAs and MPs on July 18, bore out her desperation to get out of a lose-lose situation and negative public opinion.Banerjee denied that she changed her stand in exchange of a promised financial package. \"No bargain, no blackmail and there is no financial deal behind this support. We had to take this decision because there was no option. We expect nothing. Unlike the CPM that changes its stand out of sheer self-interest, we are used to making sacrifices,\" the Trinamool chief said.However, Banerjee reiterated her opposition to some of the reform measures on the anvil. \"We have opposed the rise in petroleum prices. We shall oppose FDI in multi-brand retail and forward trading. These are the issues we opposed in our poll manifesto. We shall continue to do so in future. But for the sake of democracy and coalition compulsion, we have decided to extend our support for the presidential candidate,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15025148", "title": "Man kills wife on Lucknow outskirts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scared of being killed by his wife, a man strangulated her on Monday evening and later on Tuesday morning buried her in front of his house in Nigohan police station area. The victim was identified as 50-year-old Hulasa, wife of Ram Dayal Rawat, a resident of Madankheda under Nigohan police station area. The police later arrested Ram Dayal from his house.According to reports, Ram Dayal strangulated Hulasa on Monday between 7.00 pm and 8.00 pm, and kept the body in the house. Later in the morning, he buried Hulasa at the open space in front of the house. However, the villagers saw this and informed the village guard. The village guard then rushed to the police station and informed the cops.The police rushed to the house and interrogated Ram Dayal. It was then that he told the police that he killed his wife on Monday evening by strangulating and buried her body in the open space in the morning. The police swung into action and exhumed the body and sent it for the post-mortem examination.About the motive, Ram Dayal told the police that two years back when Hulasa was at her native place in Nagram, he hit her badly. Hulasa lodged an FIR with Nagram police in this regard following which he was arrested and sent to jail. Since no one came for his help, and Ram Dayal could only be released only two months back.It was because of this incident that Ram Dayal was scared of further repercussion from Hulasa, the police claimed. He was scared to the extent that he apprehended Hulasa giving him poison in his food. It was owing to this fear that he killed Hulasa. Ram Dayal and Hulasa have an eight-year-old daughter and as per Ram Dayal, he left her daughter to his sister house to avoid any resistance from her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-18"}
