{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499873", "title": "Leaked letters haunt Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Differences appear to have hit Team Anna with at least two letters criticizing the \"core group\" and its functioning finding their way in to the public space.The first letter - by one of the key members who had designed and is currently handling the India Against Corruption Facebook page and the Twitter handle - was written to Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal questioning the way in which the anti-corruption movement has been led. A matter for greater concern is the second letter that was allegedly written by activist Anna Hazare to Kejriwal seeking an account of the funds collected after the Ramlila Maidan agitation.More worrying for members of Team Anna is the reportedly \"doctored\" letter that has been doing the rounds recently. While Anna aide Suresh Pathare, Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi have denied any such letter was written, a whisper campaign has begun that Anna had reservations regarding the accounts and that is why the letter was leaked. When contacted, Pathare said Hazare's signature had been digitally added and the letter was a fake. The letter says too much money was being spent on PCRF staff and accounts of spending should be discussed.The other letter by Shivendra Singh Chauhan came after a meeting at Prashant Bhushan's residence last week over the issue of managing IAC's social media campaign. In the letter, Chauhan has alleged that the media was being used to serve the interests of few and not the cause. Kejriwal claimed Chauhan did not believe in democracy and took decisions unilaterally regarding the social media campaign and warned that he would be \"ejected\" from the movement if he did not follow the decisions of the core committee, the letter alleged.Speaking about the letter, Bhushan said there was a mere difference of opinion and the members had asked Chauhan to include two more members in the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13497972", "title": "Delhi puzzle: Why did Morne Morkel get the axe?", "text": "CHENNAI: Morne Morkel, IPL 5's highest wicket-taker, was in great spirits on Friday morning and appeared eager to play the second qualifier against Chennai.Eight hours later, much to everyone's surprise, Delhi Daredevils skipper Virender Sehwag announced at the toss that the paceman with the Purple Cap wouldn't be playing the game. No one could believe Delhi had actually taken such a decision.Given the fact that Irfan Pathan was also not playing, what caused further controversy was the inclusion of Sunny Gupta, a little-known off-break bowler who plays for Tamil Nadu.Naturally, the Chennai Super Kings batsmen lapped up the offering. Without Morne, Delhi didn't have any penetration in the attack and all Murali Vijay &amp; Co had to do was go on the front foot and hit through the line.Chennai ended with the highest total of this season: 222/5. Gupta gave away 47 from three overs, and even Varun Aaron ended with unflattering figures of 4-0-63-2, the most any bowler has conceded in the short history of the event.And what exactly happened to Morkel? He had, apparently, been dropped!Morne had told the TOI in the morning during an exclusive chat: \"I have had a great tournament so far. Hope we win these two games and go all the way.\"All Delhi Daredevils team officials would say was that the South African pacer had \"mild fever\".The bombshell was dropped by Mahela Jayawardene 45 minutes into the game, when he said on air that in the absence of Irfan Pathan (out with a finger injury), Morne was dropped to accommodate an extra all-rounder in the side. That's where Andre Russell came in while Sunny Gupta replaced Irfan.According to Jayawardene, the balance of the team would have been affected if Morne was playing. Ravi Shastri was prompt to say that \"it was ridiculous logic\".Logic suggests that if any foreigner had to sit out, it could have been Ross Taylor, who is not in the best of form. The Daredevils think-tank obviously had other ideas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13520545", "title": "Nvidia to launch Tegra 3-powered tablet", "text": "During the recently held annual meeting of stockholders, Nvidia's VP Rob Csonger revealed their strategy for the future of Tegra 3 SoC. In late November last year, NVIDIA's CEO had said that he expects a Tegra 3 based tablet to cost as little as $299.Now it looks like Nvidia has not only met their objective, but seem to have exceeded it. Going by what was revealed during the stockholder's meeting, Nvidia will being its onslaught of sub-$200 Tegra 3 tablets with Kai.The company is applying the same technique it has used over the years for its GPU business, which is to create a reference design for vendors. With Kai, Nvidia wants to present a design for an Android ICS running Tegra 3 based tablet can be sold at the market at $199 price point.They have managed to bring down the cost by using low-cost components like DDR3L memory, and reducing power requirements by implementing proprietary DirectTouch and Prism low-power display technologies. Nvidia's Kai, or something identical, will hopefully make an appearance at this year's Google I/O, possibly manufactured by Asus .--By Faiyaz Shaikh, Technoholik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13505806", "title": "Jumbo census concludes", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three-day elephant census in the district concluded on Thursday. As many as 200 forest staff and representatives from NGOs participated in the census in six ranges in Coimbatore district. The forest staff and NGOs had spot the marks of elephants near water holes. They collected information in the form of elephant dung, peeling off of the bark from trees. \"We have collected the evidence and will announce the number of elephants in Coimbatore district within a week,\" said V Thirunavukkarasu, district forest officer, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13500089", "title": "High court slaps Rs 5 crore penalty on mining firms for damaging fort", "text": "JODHPUR: In yet another curb on the indiscriminate mining in state, the Rajasthan high court on Friday imposed a penalty of Rs 5 crore on the Birla Cement Works and other miners and ordered mining activities to be suspended with immediate effect in 10-km periphery of the 7th century Chittorgarh Fort.The order comes a month after a whopping penalty of Rs 50 crore was imposed on the Sangemarmar Khan Vikas Samiti of Makrana for causing irreparable damage to the railway track due to mining activities.The division bench of Chief Justice A K Mishra and Sangeet Lodha pronounced the verdict while disposing off a PIL filed by one Bhanwar Singh. The petitioner alleged that the blasting of mine barely 1.5 km away from the Chittorgarh Fort was causing irreparable damage to the historic monuments of Vijay Stambh, Kirti Stambh and Kumbha Mahal. He alleged the companies are carrying out these activities without permission, and several cracks have appeared on the structures due to these.The court overruled the report of the Indian Bureau of Mining, which had stated that the mining operations were as the standards of the IBM and were not causing damage to the fort by any means. Ravi Shankar Prasad, BJP spokesperson and the counsel of Birla Cement Works had appeared in the court during the final hearing of the petition on May 15. The court had then reserved its verdict.On Friday, the bench while giving its verdict said 90% of the penalty would be borne by the Birla Cement Works, while the remaining had to be paid by other mining companies.(An earlier version of this story mistakenly had Birla White as the name of the company fined by the high court. The error is regretted.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13504150", "title": "Portrait artists must focus on quality: Khanderao", "text": "MYSORE: Noted painter and Rajyotshava awardee J S Khanderao is here to promote portrait painting. The Gulbarga-based artist gave a live demo by painting the portrait of a girl at Rotary Club of Mysore Brindavan on Friday. In an interview to TOI, Khanderao said fine arts students feel that there is no scope for portrait painting. According to him, many students believe that portraits cannot be sold for good price. He emphasized that quality in works can make a difference. Excerpts from the interview:Is portrait painting losing its value? Many fine arts colleges are not emphasizing on portraits, and students too are neglecting it. In Maharashtra, there are thousands of portrait artists. Portrait painting can excel in Karnataka, but quality in the works is the need of the hour.How is the demand for Indian paintings at international market? There is demand for Indian paintings, for both traditional and modern paintings. But there are only a few painters who do traditional paintings. India has been producing renowned painters.Is traditional painting losing its scope due to modern art? Indian traditional painting has its own specialty, and the demand for it never decline. Modern art has been enhancing the art field since new painting forms have been discovered by present-day artists. For instance, one object can be painted in different ways, but the meaning of these paintings will remain same, and this is the specialty of modern art.How is government's support for artists? Compared to yesteryears, it has improved a little bit. For art students, good facilities and environment in college premises is very important. But there are only around 15 fine arts colleges in the state having good facilities.Are our artists lagging behind? Most of them are not trying to gain mastery over the basics. They are also not concentrating on quality. It's time they are particular about these aspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502629", "title": "Bio-gas plants to keep school premises clean", "text": "KOCHI: In an attempt to give the much-needed boost to the Suchitwa Varsham programme, the Kochi Corporation has announced its decision to proceed with the plan to set up bio-gas plants in schools across the city.The local body is set to hold discussions with the heads of schools on May 28 to chalk out the future course of action.The project is expected to be formally launched in the second week of June, this year.The decision has come in the wake of severe criticism against the corporation for not being able to carry forward the project launched with much fan fare.Health Committee chairman T K Asharaf, who admitted there was a slow down, assured that there would not be any further \"breaks\" in the project.\"The programme will focus on the theme, 'My City, My Pride'. About 1,200 student volunteers will associate with the project. There are plans to provide subsidies and such other support systems to school to set up bio-gas units,\" he said.Though the programme was to be launched on June 4, this was postponed as the state-level school 'Pravesanotsavam' is being held on that day.At the 'Pravesanotsavam', to be held at Ernakulam Government Girls High School, the Corporation will announce the theme. Deputy director of education M B Murali said bio-gas plants are being installed to treat waste generated on school premises.The project will be initially carried out in schools in corporation limits.\"It will be ensured that plastic and other non-bio degradable substance are removed before transferring waste collected in the bins to the plant,\" Murali said.He also said the Department of Public Instructions (DPI) had given directions to ensure that safe (boiled) drinking water is supplied to children.\"The heads of schools will have to take steps to check the quality of water and record the findings,\" Murali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13503759", "title": "Hayatpur case: High court summons police commissioner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking strong note of police inaction in a case where a man was burnt alive in the presence of cops in Hayatpur village last year, Punjab and Haryana high court has summoned the Gurgaon police commissioner, K K Sindhu, asking him to bring the incident's report, to the court on May 31.Justice Ranjit Singh passed the order while hearing a petition filed by the father of the deceased, Satbir Singh. Satbir has also produced a CD before the high court with visual proof of the incident wherein villagers could be seen thrashing and burning his son alive while the policemen looked on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506167", "title": "'Khus' mats being placed in cages to make zoo inmates cool", "text": "KANPUR: With mercury crossing the 43 degrees mark, the Kanpur zoo authorities have made arrangements to keep inmates cool. The zoo has over 1,100 animals.The zoo officials have taken steps like changing the water in the enclosure of hippopotamus, placing of green nets that reduce the sunrays that fall inside the enclosures and putting 'khus' mats to save the inmates.Green nets have been placed in the enclosure of monkeys and sarus birds. Exhaust fans have been placed in the enclosure of tigers. The zoo authorities are in the process of placing the nets in the enclosure of leopards. They are in the process of changing the damaged water pipelines. The supply of water to the enclosures would also become better. The inmates are being given cucumber to keep them cool.\"The green nets would be placed over the cages of lion and tiger to ward off heat,\" zoo director K Praveen Rao said.Arrangements of drinking water have been made in all the cages. The water of the large water tanks made in the cage of hippopotamus is being changed every week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503926", "title": "Times impact: Quarries near Bondla asked to stop work", "text": "PANAJI: The mines and geology department has issued a notice to two operators of basalt quarries in Conquirem, Guleli, to stop all activity in both leases as it might endanger the wildlife habitat in the nearby Bondla wildlife sanctuary.TOI had reported on May 23 that wildlife activists had raised apprehensions about the large-scale quarrying activities in the area of the sanctuary and the irreversible damage to the habitat due to drying up of water sources and destruction of pristine forest cover. The mines department had said it would initiate an inquiry into the matter.Friday's suspension notices to Ritesh Stone Crusher, Ponda, and Sapana C P Ltd, points out to both leases being in the proximity of the sanctuary. \"It has been brought to the notice of the department that blasting activities are being carried out in the quarrying lease,\" the notice states.A source in the mines department added that the quarrying leases for extraction of basalt stones, including one in an area of five hectares under survey no 29/1, were granted for a period of five years ending June 29, 2012.The quarries are located within 2km from the limits of Bondla wildlife sanctuary and also the small zoo on its western border.Zoo officials had said wild animals are naturally affected by the blasting in the basalt quarries, as powerful detonations are set off to strike at the base. The eco-tourism complex of Bondla draws hundreds of visitors, including tourists, everyday.The impact of the quarrying is also felt by the people in the area. Sources in the water resources department said a bandhara on river Mhadei below the quarries supplies raw water through a pipeline to the Opa water treatment plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13501289", "title": "Ban on tinted films come into force in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Owners and drivers of cars having dark-tinted sun control films got their lessons about the Motor Vehicles Act on the roads of Madurai as the city police enforced the ban on the tinted films from Friday.The ban was enforced in the temple city days after the police in the state capital cracked down on the violators. \"But we chose to create awareness on the ban today (Friday). We did not levy any fine. But we warned them if their vehicles were spotted with the dark tinted films they have to shell out penalty,\" a police officer said. \"From tomorrow (Saturday) onwards we will slap a penalty on the erring motorists,\" the officer said.The fine would be Rs 100 for first time offenders while Rs 300 would be levied on persons found to violate the rule repeatedly. The police would also step in and remove the tinted film on the cars.\"Tinted films hide the passengers of the vehicle and it becomes impossible to check if there are suspicious persons inside. Anti-social activities inside the vehicle would also go unnoticed. Besides, the tinted films would also cause difficulty for the drivers of the vehicle in offering a proper visibility,'' police said.Soon after the announcement of the ban came, some of the motorists had removed the tinted glass. Setting an example, city police commissioner Sanjay Mathur himself ensured that his vehicle had transparent windshield and windows.The ban comes in the wake of a Supreme Court order to enforce the ban on tinted films across the country as using black film is a violation under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. According to the act, windshields must have at least 70% transparency and windows a minimum of 50% transparency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13505777", "title": "Political parties protest petrol price hike", "text": "COIMBATORE: Various political parties and organisations held protests in the city for the second day on Friday to condemn petrol price hike. MDMK district secretary R R Mohan and 75 party cadres conducted a demonstration with a bullock cart at Gandhipuram. They raised slogans against the UPA government.Two activists of Hindu Makkal Katchi (Tamizhagam) were detained when they attempted to lock the Indian Oil Corporation office on Avinashi Road. They were later released.Five Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi activists, including a woman, were arrested for burning an effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh near Gandhipuram town bus stand.Meanwhile, autorickshaws in the district have decided to stay off the roads on May 29 to condemn the petrol price hike. As many as 10,000 autorickshaws in the district will not ply from 6am to 6pm on the day.\"All autorickshaw drivers' associations have declared their solidarity to the strike and the protest will be total across the district,\" said PK Sukumaran, general secretary, District Auto Rickshaw Employees Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13503425", "title": "Hazaribag earmarks Rs 587cr for rural development", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With a view to implementing government programmes in both priority and non-priority sectors, the annual credit plan for Hazaribag has been fixed at Rs 587.91 crore for the year 2012-2013 as announced at the district-level coordination committee (DLCC) meeting on Friday.The meeting was presided over by deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan. This year, the target was increased from Rs 471.20 crore to 587.91 crore for boosting rural economy and agricultural production. Of the Rs 587.01 crore earmarked for the current financial year, Rs 160 crore has been alloted for the non-priority sector.One of the significant achievements of the district during the last financial year was crossing the target of Rs 62 crore fixed for providing loans to the medium and small scale industries in the district.It was announced in the meeting that the achievement in the above sector was 171% as the bankers have provided loans of Rs105 crore to the entrepreneurs, which was widely acclaimed. Keeping that in view, the DLCC fixed Rs 160 crore for the current financial year to boost industries.Speaking on the occasion, the DC severely criticized the performance of the State Bank of India for not showing any interest in the applications forwarded by various block authorities for issuance of Kisan Credit Cards (KCC). He also severely criticized the bankers (all nationalized banks) for sitting over the application forwarded by the District Industries Centre (DIC).In this meeting, some vital decisions were taken like opening of new branches of banks and ATM centres in the district for the economic growth of the backward regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501788", "title": "Passport staffers on protest path", "text": "KOLKATA: The queue of passport applicants is getting longer with an ever-growing number of applicants not getting a chance to face the interview as the window for appointments opens for a split minute and closes before a majority of applicants can get through.In protest, members of the joint committee of Passport Employees' Association (PEA) and Passport Officers' Association (POA) is embarking upon a long-drawn movement. Both held private vendor Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) responsible for violating the signed contract.\"The contract says TCS is supposed to accept 80% passport applications on a walk-in mode and 20% online. But it has refused to accept walk-in applications. In a country where the digital divide is huge, adhering only to the online mode amounts to denying passports to most applicants,\" argued a committee member.PEA central committee member Giriraj Sharma will start a fast unto death from 12 noon on May 30 outside the New Delhi passport office. \"If required, we can follow Sharma's step at every regional passport office in the country,\" said a member of AIPEA.Another official argued: \"A majority of applicants do not know how to apply online, giving a new genre of touts a field day at the Passport Seva Kendra. Sitting with laptops, they take hefty charges against each online application done.\"Moreover, the functional control of the software should be brought under the control of government engineers, they argued. Now, the function of the software is controlled by TCS employees, who can make 'corrections'. This may prove highly risky for national security. Significantly, private vendors have access to police reports. But passport-issuing authorities are compelled to issue order for passport without seeing the police report. This is also making the system faulty.The passport officials have also demanded that checking the list of criminals and orders for passport issuance should be done offline so that these two sensitive works can be done under the direct supervision of the head of the office.The other problem, the officials pointed out, is fees. \"Fee should be accepted by the private vendor only after the due verification of documents by the designated officer. This officer should be shifted to the first stage,\" said T K Venugopalan, general secretary, AIPEA, and joint convener of AIPEA and AIPOA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13500097", "title": "Cops to open shelter for cancer patients", "text": "MUMBAI: The Naigaon police hospital will throw open its new 35-room shelter for cancer patients and their relatives next month, police commissioner Arup Patnaik said on Friday.The centre will be inaugurated by governor K Sanakaranarayanan, just ahead of No Tobacco Day, Patnaik said at a function held by the Cancer Patients Aid Association (CPAA).Stating that the cancer shelter was inspired by his personal experiences with cancer patients, the commissioner said that the police force had already worked out ways to manage the centre's daily food bills. The team has worked out food bills to the tune of Rs 15,000 per day for the entire shelter. \"We needed to find a way to fund this, so before looking elsewhere, I made an appeal to my force to donate in the name of their parents for the cause,\" said the top cop. The response has been so overwhelming, that the centre's food expenditure has been covered for four years already, he added.The cancer shelter, which will be air-conditioned, will be open to policemen and their relatives from across the country. Users will only have to pay Rs 20 per day. Construction of the cancer shelter has been funded by actor Akshay Kumar.Patnaik was speaking at CPAA's curtain-raiser for a music concert scheduled to take place on Sunday. Three cancer patients, who had lost their voice, were given voice boxes by music directors Shankar, Ehsaan and Loy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500145", "title": "2 weeks on, no news of \u2018deported\u2019 man", "text": "NEW DELHI: All she wants to know is her husband's whereabouts. \"At least tell us where Fasih is,'' cries the 22-year-old - a bride of eight months and two months pregnant - whose fairytale life ended two weeks ago in Al Jubail, Saudi Arabia.It was the afternoon of May 13. \"We had just packed our bags, and were having lunch after namaz. We were to shift to a new city as my husband was getting transferred, and he was excitedly telling me about our prospects there,'' recalls Nikhat Parveen, sitting at a relative's house in southeast Delhi.An hour later, their dreams had turned to dust. Saudi and Indian plainclothesmen and women arrived and rummaged through their bags before taking away Fasih Mehmood, 29. Since then, Nikhat's only contact with him has been a brief phone call from a Saudi number at her in-laws' house.\"The call came around 3pm on May 19. He hurriedly said that he was innocent and hopeful of being released, before the line disconnected. He sounded severely stressed,'' says Nikhat, who married Fasih last September at his village in Darbhanga, Bihar, but started living with him only in March this year.It was a good match. Nikhat was in her first year of MBA while Fasih, who did his mechanical engineering from Bhatkal, Karnataka, in 2000-04, had been working in Saudi Arabia since 2007. Although he had repeatedly entered and left the country from Delhi since then, security agencies claim he managed funding for the terrorist group, Indian Mujahideen, and had left India in 2006. He is said to be close to IM's founders, brothers Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal.But the charges are not on record. There has been no official communication with Fasih's family. \"They insist he is yet to be deported and is being questioned in Saudi Arabia. They should at least tell us where Fasih is,\" says Nikhat.Fasih was cleverly led into a trap, she says. \"That afternoon, we got two calls from unknown numbers, asking where Fasih was at the time. He said the callers were from Yanbu, the city where we were moving to, and went to pick them up. He came back an hour later with four Saudi officials and two Indians. They searched our luggage for over an hour, seized the laptop and two mobiles and took away Fasih, saying he was wanted in India and would be deported the same night.''For two days, Nikhat tried to contact the local police, the Saudi foreign office and the Indian embassy, but unable to obtain any information she flew to Delhi on May 15, and went home to Patna with her brother.\"Two days later, when a local paper reported that Fasih was a top IM man, I decided to rush back to Delhi,'' says Nikhat, adding, \"I know he is innocent, that is the reason why the agencies have not gone public about their catch''. With anger and frustration brimming in her eyes, she says Fasih's detention violates Indian and international laws.Since May 16, the family has knocked on many doors. \"We met Union home secretary RK Singh but he denied any knowledge of the case. We have also met the Bihar DGP and top officers of Delhi Police's special cell. We have appealed to the ministry of external affairs, the National Commission for Minorities, the National Human Rights Commission, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, the Saudi ambassador to India and the department of NRI affairs. But there's no news of Fasih,'' says Nikhat.She's worried about her father-in-law, Dr Firoz Ahmed, a medical officer at Banipatty in Bihar, and mother-in-law Amra Jamal, who have given up eating. \"It is hard for me to look at them. Why are they targeting our family? If he is guilty, explain the charges against him. But why torture an innocent man who loved his weekends and the daily dose of cricket?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501795", "title": "Central Board of Secondary Education introduces helpline to sort out post exam stress", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an attempt to overcome post result stress and anxieties of students and parents, the Central Board of Secondary Education has introduced counselling services. Students and parents will be able to use the helpline services to sort out post exam related common problems and general queries.There are multiple modes of communication - telephonic counselling, interactive voice response system (IVRS), and the CBSE website.In tele-counselling, students and parents will be made to talk to the trained counsellors and principals from within CBSE affiliated schools located in and outside India.The service offered is free of cost. Tele-counselling will be active between 8.00 am to midnight from May 24 to June 7. To deal with the psychological problems, psychologists will be available to talk to the students and parents.Those seeking help can also make use of centralised toll free access system which is similar to the call centre. Students can dial up the toll free number 18001803456 to get in touch with operator for general queries related to result or with counsellors for one to one telephone counselling from 8 am upto midnight. Tele-counselling will also be provided through IVRS mode, which will be answered on the toll free number. Students can also click and access the helpline icon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13501239", "title": "Sibal for Muslim quota under RTE", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union human resource development (HRD) minister Kapil Sibal has urged the Delhi government to treat Muslim students as a \"disadvantaged group'' for admission in schools under the 25% economically weaker section quota mandated by the Right To Education Act.At present, apart from SCs and STs, only OBC students not belonging to creamy layer are considered disadvantaged and, therefore, entitled for admission under the 25% RTE quota. Under the Act, however, states have the authority to include any other group that it feels is disadvantaged within this quota.Sources said Sibal raised the issue of expanding the \"disadvantaged\" category with Delhi education minister Arvinder Singh in a meeting on Thursday in view of reports that few Muslim students were able to get admission under RTE.According to sources familiar with details of the deliberations, Sibal suggested that the Muslim community as a whole be notified as a disadvantaged group -which should clear the way for a large number of students of the community to be admitted in schools.However, the advantage, as in case of OBCs, could be limited to economically weaker sections in the community. Wajahat Habibullah, chairman of National Commission for Minorities, who was present in the meeting, confirmed the HRD ministry's move to widen ambit of \"disadvantaged\" for the benefit of Muslims.\"The ministry was of the opinion that if Muslim community is specifically mentioned, it would help schools in identifying students and correct the disadvantage they suffer accordingly,'' Habibullah said. He added that the Delhi education minister had already given his consent.Singh could not be contacted. However, officials in the department confirmed his meeting with Sibal, adding that the state government was yet to take a call on the issue. The commission had earlier written to the Delhi government and the HRD minister highlighting the issue.In case, the Delhi government agrees, it will be required to work out the exact percentage that Muslims would be entitled to within the 25% RTE quota for the disadvantaged. Minority rights activists had alleged that schools were deliberately excluding Muslim children by giving lower weightage to Muslim-dominated colonies, thereby excluding them through the point system.The other decisions that were taken in the meeting were Delhi government's offer to allow private minority organizations run government schools in the areas that had a large minority representation.\"There were concerns that government schools run in areas that have a large representation of minority community do not provide quality education. The Delhi government has suggested that if there is a minority foundation that is keen to run the school, the government school infrastructure could be made available to them,'' a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13499600", "title": "Uthappa's last-minute goal helps India beat South Korea", "text": "BANGALORE: A productive team meeting and a purposeful show on the field saw India edge past South Korea 2-1 for their win in the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament in Ipoh on Friday.SK Uthappa scored the match-winner in the final minute of a thrilling contest, deflecting the ball in off Tushar Khandker.Earlier, Sandeep Singh put India ahead off a penalty corner in the 11th minute before Nam Hyun-Woo's low penalty corner flick in the 66th minute helped South Korea restore parity.Chief coach Michael Nobbs said the seeds of victory were sown in the meeting ahead of the match. \"The boys admitted to the mistakes they committed. Too many unforced errors were causing the problems and they said the same thing. The deep defence continues to be our main problem but the forwards realised could have helped more,\" he told TOI.\"The first half was as clinically perfect as it could be. The Koreans had one shot at goal and five circle penetrations and no penalty corners. It was textbook and the patterns we played worked perfectly. The second half was a little different and they pressed a little,\" the Aussie said, as he analysed the match.\"The problem with trying to use a style of play that we have only just started to learn is that it takes time. There were occasions in the second half when we returned to the same old patterns. I tried to get the message out to the team that we need to change the pattern but it didn't work. This is something we need to focus on.\"Nobbs was all praise for Uthappa for the \"unbelievable deflection goal.\" The SAI lad scored off a counter-attack that began after 'keeper Bharat Chetri's save at the top of circle. The move surprised the Korean defenders and even before they could regroup, Uthappa had relayed the ball in.In the other match, New Zealand coasted to a 5-2 victory over Argentina.Results:India: 2 (Sandeep Singh 12, SK Uthappa 70) bt South Korea: 1 (Nam Hyun-Woo 66).New Zealand: 5 bt Argentina: 2.Malaysia: 3 drew with Britain: 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499557", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority gave OK to Adarsh, says senior babu", "text": "MUMBAI: The state urban development department (UDD) said it was Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority's responsibility to consider security concerns before issuing occupation certificate to the Adarsh housing society.Additional chief secretary T C Benjamin, in-charge of the UDD, admitted to the two-member judicial commission probing the Adarsh scam that navy's security concerns could not have been ignored. \"I do agree that the security concerns expressed by senior navy officers in their two letters required to be taken cognizance, but it was presumed by the state that the concerns would be taken cognizance at the level of the planning authority,\" he said.On June 25, 2010, the navy wrote to state chief secretary, civic chief and UDD requesting them not to issue OC to Adarsh due to increased threat perception post 26/11 and asking for a list of allottees. Instead of asking for a report from MMRDA, an undersecretary of the UDD forwarded the naval officer's letter to MMRDA for their action. Current chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad was the MMRDA commissioner who issued the OC on September 16, 2010.The MMRDA in an earlier affidavit before the panel blamed the UDD. They said that following the navy's letter in August, they wrote to the UDD for instructions. \"Since there were no specific directions on the above letters from the government and as all the other documents were processed, the navy's opposition was ignored and the occupancy certificate issued in September 2010,\" the affidavit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13505100", "title": "Orders to clean ghats for Ganga Dussehra", "text": "VARANASI: Divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari has instructed municipal officials for proper cleanliness of the city and ghats along the Ganga in view of the Ganga Dussehra festival.The commissioner informed that under Mission Clean Ganga, the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) had been conducting special drives for cleanliness and sanitation of ghats since May 21 and the drive would continue till May 31. The municipal commissioner and Nagar Swasthya Adhikari were asked to take help of voluntary organisations for cleaning the ghats. Besides, the chief engineer of VNN was also asked to arrange display boards to create awareness among the people.He asked the garden superintendent of VNN for the public screening of a documentary on the Ganga at Shaheed Udyan on May 27 evening. At the same time, the additional municipal commission was asked to conduct a drive for the collection of municipal wastes from different places and their proper disposal under solid waste management programme.The municipal authorities were also asked for an effective 'no plastic bag' campaign in the city to discourage the use of plastic bags. All the zonal officials of VNN were instructed to conduct public awareness campaigns in their respective zones. The commissioner also warned the municipal authorities that any laxity in performing the tasks would not be tolerated.Municipal commissioner PK Pandey informed that to mark the Ganga Dussehra festival, a seminar would be organised on Asi Ghat on May 31.Ghats still in pathetic conditionVaranasi: Although the divisional commissioner claims that the Varanasi Nagar Nigam is conducting cleanliness drive along the ghats in view of Ganga Dussehra, a visit to the riverfront is sufficient to expose the reality.While most ghats witness unsanitary condition, one can also find municipal wastes dumped by the roadsides in different localities of the city. The waste generated from different sources is either thrown on the streets or is disposed of in dustbins. Clogging of drains due to wastes thrown is a common scene in the town.Municipal solid waste mainly comprises waste generated from households, markets, commercial establishments, hotels, hospitals and small-scale industries in the town. According to the report of city development plan under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), total quantity of waste generated in the city is about 600MT/day.Felicitation ceremony on RP GhatVaranasi: The Rajendra Prasad Ghat is going to witness the felicitation ceremony of the river rafting expedition of Indo-Tibetan Border Police Force on May 27.The ITBP's river rafting expedition has been organised to mark the 50th year of the force and create awareness about the preservation of the river and its eco system. After a three-hour ceremony the expedition team would be flagged off for the next destination.The river rafting expedition would cover the entire course of the Ganga starting from its source at Gomukh in Himalayas to Gangasagar, passing through five states and 30 major towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502829", "title": "A birthday Massimiliano Latorre will never forget", "text": "KOCHI: He would have wished for release from jail on May 25 as his birthday gift. But destiny had other plans for Italian Naval guard Massimiliano Latorre, who was granted something that he will cherish at this moment of crisis. Lattore was shifted to the Borstal School in Kochi from Poojapura central jail in Thiruvananthapuram, on Friday.He had a quiet birthday in the company of his colleague Salvatore Girone in the solitude of Borstal school. Both the marines, arrested for allegedly shooting down two Indian fishermen off Kerala coast and at present in judicial custody, were brought to the city after the prisons department accepted their plea for better facilities.Born on May 25, 1967 in Italy, Latorre would have never thought that he will be celebrating his 45th birthday under these circumstances in a foreign land where he and his colleague have been charged with murder.\"Initially we forgot about his birthday. In these circumstances, it is difficult to remember one's birthday. However, the moment we came to know about his birthday, we greeted him,\" said Italian consul general Giampaolo Cuttillo, who has been camping in Kerala ever since the Italian vessel 'Enrica Lexie' on board with the Naval marines was taken into custody by Kerala Police. Earlier, Kochi city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar visited the Borstal School to review the facilities which were put in place to lodge the marines.They were brought to Borstal School around 3.45pm. According to the officials, the marines will be lodged in a room at the school and armed police personnel along with jail staff will be put on duty on a rotation basis.\"The food for the marines will be brought from outside according to their choice. Visitors will be allowed to meet the Marines twice a day,\" the officials added. The chief judicial magistrate A K Gopakumar on Friday ordered to send the two Italian marines, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvotore Gironne, the accused in the Enrica Lexie case, back to prison after handing over copies of chargesheet.\"Pending orders of the district and sessions Court, the accused are kept in jail,\" the judge said in his order. The marines will now have to be present for trial when the district court issues a production warrant. The date of trial hasn't been decided yet. The marines were later taken to Borstal School at Kakkanad, Kochi, on the directive of the jail ADGP Alexander Jacob.The CJPM was also informed about the transfer of the two accused from the central prison during the court proceedings.He would have wished for release from jail on May 25 as his birthday gift. But destiny had other plans as Italian Naval Marine Massimiliano Latorre was a granted something that he would cherish at this moment of crisis. He was shifted to Borstal School in Kochi on Friday from Poojapura central jail in Thiruvananthapuram.Massimiliano Latorre had a quite birthday in the company of his colleague Salvatore Girone in the solitude of Borstal school. Both the marines, arrested for allegedly shooting down two Indian fishermen off Kerala coast and currently in judicial custody, were brought to the city after the prisons department accepted their plea for better facilities.Born on May 25, 1967 in Italy, Massimiliano Latorre would have never thought that he will be celebrating his 45th birthday under these circumstances in a foreign land where he and his colleague have been charged with murder.\"Initially we forgot about his birthday. In these circumstances, it is difficult to remember one's birthday. However, the moment we came to know about his birthday, we greeted him,\" said Italian Consul General Giampaolo Cuttillo, who has been camping in Kerala ever since the Italian vessel \"Enrica Lexie\" on board with the Naval Marines was taken into custody by Kerala Police.Earlier, Kochi City Police Commissioner M R Ajith Kumar visited the Borstal School to review the facilities which were put in place to lodge the Marines. The marines were brought to the Borstal School around 3.45 pm. According to the officials, the marines will be lodged in a room at the school and armed police personnel along with jail staff will be put on duty on a rotation basis. \"The food for the Marines will be brought from outside according to their choice. Visitors will be allowed to meet the Marines twice a day,\" the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13505922", "title": "Indian-Americans rule geography contest", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian-American students have swept the prestigious National Geographic Bee, bagging the top four positions of this year's tough national competition, where US President Barack Obama played a quizmaster.Rahul Nagvekar (14) from Texas bagged the first position, by beating 13-yearold Vansh Jain from Wisconsin at the finals of the annual competition held on Thursday. Both are class eighth students. The third and fourth positions went to Varun Mahadevan from San Francisco and Raghav Ranga from Arizona respectively.Nagvekar has won a $25,000 college scholarship, lifetime membership in the National Geographic Society and a trip to the Galapagos on an expedition aboard the National Geographic Endeavour. Second prize winner , Jain received $15,000 scholarship. Thirteen-yearold Mahadevan, third, got $10,000 college scholarship, while 14-year-old Ranga, fourth, took $1,000.The winning question was: \"Name the Bavarian city located on the Danube River that was the legislative seat of the Holy Roman Empire from 1663 to 1806?\", which Nagvekar won by correctly answering as \"Regensburg\".US President Obama asked one question via video. He asked which Asian capital city on the Han River hosted a gathering of world leaders in March for a Nuclear Security Summit. The answer to which was 'Seoul'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13499731", "title": "Woman forces girl into flesh trade, nabbed", "text": "KALYAN: The Vitthalwadi police on Friday arrested Pooja Tare (45), a resident of Atmaram Nagar here, for allegedly buying a girl and forcing her into prostitution. Cops are searching for two more accused, including Pooja's husband Hanumanta Tare and Rakesh, who allegedly sold the victim to Pooja.The incident came to light recently when the victim, who was in a hotel, informed a local about her plight and the person then approached the local Vithalwadi police.The victim said she belongs to West Bengal. She alleged that Rakesh brought her to Mumbai, promising to marry her. But he sold her to Pooja and her husband Hanumanta, who then started forcing her into prostitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13518758", "title": "Katy Perry records song for 'Madagascar 3'", "text": "Singer Katy Perry has reportedly recorded a special song for third installment of animated film \" Madagascar \".\"Katy just recently recorded a special number for 'Madagascar 3'. The song is upbeat and will be used for the climax sequence of the film,\" said a source.The 3D movie titled \"Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted\" was premiered at ongoing 65th Cannes International Film Festival . It will release worldwide June 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13506524", "title": "Relief on petrol likely as Sheila Dikshit hints at VAT cut", "text": "NEW DELHI: The price of petrol in Delhi may get reduced by Rs 1.50 with chief minister Sheila Dikshit indicating a possible cut in value added tax on the fuel to provide some relief to people.This will be on the lines of Congress governments in Kerala and Uttarakhand. After the diesel hike in 2011, the state government had reduced the VAT component by 37 paise.\"We will provide Delhiites with some relief. Earlier as well when the petrol price had been increased, we had reduced VAT. We are thinking on same lines. I will speak on Monday when I present the budget for 2012-13,\" Dikshit said on the sidelines of a Metro review on Friday.This came two days after a steep hike by the oil companies in petrol prices. The Congress had later asked its state governments to give some tax relief to make petrol cheaper.Without specifying the quantum of the possible relief, Dikshit said on Friday that her government was examining the issue. \"We had given relief last time when price (of diesel) was hiked,\" she said. \"Wait till Monday for my budget.\"Following a hike of Rs 3.37 per litre of diesel in June last year, Delhi government had slashed the rate by 37 paise, removing the 12.5% VAT component on the hiked amount.Officials indicated that the government may cut the 20 VAT component on the hiked amount of Rs 7.54 which will bring down the rate of per litre of petrol by Rs 1.50. After the hike on Wednesday, the price of petrol had gone up to Rs 73.18 per litre from Rs 65.64.Dikshit, however, justified the steep hike saying oil companies were incurring huge losses and the hike was necessary.Federation of All India Petroleum Traders said that if the state government reduced VAT, it would be a welcome relief.\"We had met the Delhi CM before the hike, raising the issue of reducing VAT as it makes up a significant component of the taxes on the fuel. She had agreed,\" Ajay Bansal, general secretary of the federation, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13506272", "title": "Man climbs tower after dispute with sister-in-law", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Creating a high voltage drama, 25-year-old Anil Kumar of Preet Nagar in Mohali, climbed over around 100 feet tall BSNL tower insisting that his family members sort out his dispute with his sister-in-law on Friday. The tower was situated inside BSNL exchange, Derabassi, and Kumar was carrying his cellphone when he climbed it.Kumar came down after around four hours when senior police and administrative officials managed to convince him over his cellphone that his problem would be sorted out.SHO of PS Derabassi, Inspector Gurdayal Singh, said, \"Anil was upset with the wife of his elder brother, Asha Rani, who was demanding her share from the family property. Asha's husband Sunil Kumar is missing for the last three months and since then Asha has been blamingAnil and other family members for hiding her husband.\"The main Derabassi-Ambala highway witnessed a traffic jam due Anil's act as every commuter was taking glimpse of the youth sitting on the top of the BSNL tower, while stopping his vehicle on the highway.Senior local administrative officials, three fire tenders and heavy police force carrying net gathered on the spot. Anil was only convinced when police officials assured him that no legal action would be taken against him and his family problem would be sorted out.This is the forth incident in one-and-half years when a local resident committed such an act and insisted that his demands be met. On May 19, a 20-year-old domestic maid Pansore climbed over a tree in Zirakpur and was brought down only after the efforts of around five hours.Avtar Singh Nagla, a notorious proclaimed offender, had also created drama for more than one month while climbing over a tree for avoiding police arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13507095", "title": "May rain in 2 days: Met Department.", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The heat is on. With temperature rising to 42.2 degrees celsius on Friday, there will be no respite on weekend, too, as the temperature is set to rise further.\"After 48 hours there would be a cloud cover and it might rain. For now, we are expecting the temperature to rise above 43 degrees celsius on Saturday, and further increase on Sunday,\" said Surender Pal, director Chandigarh Met Department.In April 2010, the city had recorded the highest ever temperature at 43.2 degrees celsius and for this year the Met department has predicted the temperature to cross 45 degrees C.On Friday, city residents had to face tough time carry out their daily chores. Sheetal Verma, a second year BBA student, said, \"It's a punishment to walk in the sun as it feels the sun rays are burning you till inside.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501660", "title": "It's official, political parties illegally occupied Nagpur Municipal Corporation office rooms", "text": "NAGPUR: Now it's official. Political parties, except Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party , had illegally occupied posh office rooms in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) main administrative building from 2007 to January 2012. Surprisingly, the civic body has no official provision in place to provide such a facility.Mayor Anil Sole has convened a special meeting of general body on May 30. The agenda - with five proposals - was issued on Friday (May 25). The illegal occupancy of party office rooms is one of the agenda. Major policy decisions are likely to be taken over such issues during the special meeting. \"There is no provision in the NMC's City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act to allot office rooms to political parties. Besides, there is no notification or policy of the state government in this regard. Political parties are demanding for office rooms. Therefore, the proposal has been placed for the discussion in the general body meeting,\" the general administration department mentioned in the agenda.A total of nine office rooms, originally meant for department heads, were allotted to various political parties other than chambers for deputy mayor, leader of ruling and opposition group for five years between 2007 and 2012. Following strong criticism from leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, no office rooms have been allotted in the new regime. However, Shiv Sena has forcibly occupied one of the office rooms.The special meeting is likely to be a stormy session with officials confirming the fact that political parties were not suppose to be allotted office rooms but forcefully occupied them in the corporation building. The ruling party is sure to face strong criticism from the opposition party during the meeting.The members will also discuss the proposal to promote executive engineer Prakash Urade to the post of superintending engineer in this meeting. A proposal to change the use of 0.6144 hectare Jaripatka land will also be tabled during the meeting. This land was originally reserved for the construction of Town Hall. Now, the proposal seeks to change its use for residential purpose.Meanwhile, the agenda for the meeting of standing committee was also issued on May 25.The committee will discuss 13 new proposals. Another prominent proposal - to start pay and park at two busy roads - will also come up for discussion. According to the proposal, pay and park facility for two-wheelers will be initiated in the area under the Sitabuldi flyover on the Panchsheel square to Lokmat square stretch. Similar facility for four-wheelers on the east side of the same stretch will be initiated. Parking of vehicles on the stretch between Lokmat square to Panchsheel will be banned strictly. Parking will be permissible only in the allotted area which is under the flyover.The pay and park facility for two-wheelers and four-wheelers will be started on both sides of Link Road between Gaddigodam square and Residency Road. NMC will also start hawkers' zone in front of MSEDCL Nagpur Zone office on this stretch. Two agencies will be appointed for operation and maintenance of pay and parking system on these two roads. NMC is estimated to earn a revenue of Rs 22.41 lakh from this facility.Property tax exemption for ex-servicemen, widowsThe NMC has proposed to exempt ex-servicemen and their widows from property tax. The proposal will be tabled before the general body for approval in the special meeting on May 30. The exemption will be granted on general tax of the property tax. After general body's approval, the proposal will be forwarded to the state government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13501986", "title": "Widow set on fire for land in Malda, neighbour held", "text": "MALDA: A widow was set ablaze in Badanpur village on Thursday night over a land dispute. A neighbour, who allegedly wanted to grab a 14-cottahs land, was arrested following a complaint by the victim's daughter.Malda Police sources claimed that the accused Mofjul Sheikh had confessed everything while being interrogated.It has been learnt that Rashia Bewa (50), who has a daughter and a son, had recently built a hut on a portion of her land measuring 14 cottahs. Locals said her husband died a few years back. Daughter Setara was at her in-laws' place when the incident took place. Son Fajar Ali had left mother to settle elsewhere.According to locals, the land was very fertile and the victim used to cultivate vegetables throughout the year on the plot. \"Neighbour Mofjul had an eye on the plot. He first made an offer to buy the land and when Rashia didn't want to sell that, he started forcing her. But Rashia was in no mood to give up. On Wednesday, they got involved in a severe altercation,\" said locals.Hazrat Ali , one of the villagers, said on Thursday night the they suddenly woke up to find that the hut of Rashia was engulfed by a fire. Villagers rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. Sources said, by then the entire house was gutted. \"Worse, Rashia Bewa too died of burn injuries. Police and her daughter were later informed,\" said sources.Setara alleged: \"My mother was physically fit. Then how couldn't she escape the fire?\" She said, with an eye on the land, Mofjul first killed her mother and then to remove the proof, he had set the house on fire. She has lodged a complaint with the Malda Police. On the basis of the complaint, police arrested Mofjul on Thursday night. The accused was produced before the court on Friday and taken to police custody.SP Jayanta Pal said: \"A murder case has been initiated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13519480", "title": "Ash-Mallika play to Cannes gallery", "text": "In the 10 years that Aishwarya Rai Bachchan had been gracing the Cannes red carpet, this year was perhaps the most awaited.And when it comes to her styling, the most successful. While her earlier attempts at upholding the subcontinent's traditional charm when it comes to her wardrobe (including a bright canary yellow saree in 2002) failed to please the critics, this year the Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla designed white chikankari saree with an antique gold border worked wonders. Even though it made her look rather stiff and uncomfortable. The minimal makeup, a top bun with a faux-hawk managed to win the fashion police over.And that's not all, with intelligent styling and makeup, the actress looked slimmer than what she did back home at a recent party. She silenced those who predicted an all Indian wardrobe due to her post-partum weight gain as well. She turned up in a cream and grey coloured Angelo Katsapis gown for a photo op. Sticking to layered, flowing gowns for her off red carpet moments, next day, Ash appeared in a Roberto Cavalli kaftan.Mallika Sherawat too turned over a new leaf this year. Unlike her outrageous transparent body sheaths of 2011, the actress stuck to demure knee or ankle length creations in classic brown and nude. While at a party by the Indian contingent, she wore a Victoria Beckham creation, at a charity gala, Mallika was lauded for her choice of an unusual Ali Mahdavi designed gown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "forbesganj", "code": "13505607", "title": "Three years after son goes missing, father lodges FIR", "text": "FORBESGANJ: A father lodged an FIR in connection with the abduction of his son three years after he went missing.Nabod Chaudhary, a resident of Chanda-Narpatganj, then worked at the office of Sahara India at Bahadurganj in Kishanganj district. He took his family members including his 16-year-old son, Suman Kumar alias Golu to the marriage reception party of his elder brother, Binod Chaudhary's son in ward no 24 in Bengali Tola in Forbesganj. The reception party was held on March 2, 2009.Sadly, however, his son disappeared from the party. The distraught father lodged an informatory (sanha) with ForbesganjPS soon after the incident. The parents made every possible effort to locate their son. However, they threw in the towel when all their effort went in vain.Like a bolt from the blue, Suman's friend, Suraj Baishakh's cellphone no 88878-91547 started ringing on the night of May 16, 2012. Suraj Baishakh was jerked out of bed and was taken aback when the caller said he was Suman Kumar and expressed his desire to talk to his mother. And, then the cellphone was silent. When they called the number 95746-49650 from which the call had come to check, a stranger at the other end denied there was any Suman Kumar there. Baishakh's cellphone was activated only six months back.The cellphone no 95746-49650 purportedly used by the caller, is a Gujarat number, police said. The missing boy's parents turned up at the SP's Janata Durbar at Forbesganj on May 23, and then lodged an FIR with Forbesganj police on May 23. Araria SP Shivdeep Lande said, \"We will take the details of the phone calls and try to locate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13516384", "title": "Who Look Powerful? Balayya or Pawan?", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan has been anointed as the most powerful action hero in Tollywood and undisputed box office king with \"Gabbar Singh\". However, the actor claimed that he is not interested in statistics.Natasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna is also flexing his muscles in another direction. He's once again all poised to unleash action hero image through powerful dialogues in his upcoming film \"Adhinayakudu\".With both stars tipped as good action heroes , who look elegant when it comes to holding guns in \"gangsta style\"? Pawan or Balayya?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13501441", "title": "No immediate rollback, asserts Jaipal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Oil minister S Jaipal Reddy on Thursday ruled out an immediate rollback of the increase in petrol price and said the government would watch international oil prices and the rupee's movements against the dollar for \"a few days\" before taking any decision to moderate the hike.He also ruled out a meeting of the ministerial panel this month to decide on increasing diesel, cooking gas and kerosene prices - indicating the government's unwillingness to open another political front even before the dust kicked up by the petrol price hike settles.Reddy's comments came after his meeting with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. The two decided that they would start consultations with chief ministers to formulate a long-term mechanism on fuel subsidies and taxes.Defending Wednesday's Rs 7-8 per litre hike, Reddy said the country had suffered a \"double disaster\" of high oil prices and the rupee's unprecedented fall against the dollar. The huge losses on petrol suffered by the state-run oil marketing companies left them with no choice but to raise the price.Acknowledging that such a steep hike had kicked off a political storm and stoked public anger, Reddy said, \"We are duly conscious of the sense of disturbance among consumers (caused due to the price rise)... We are not able to take a definitive view because there is lot of volatility in value of rupee vis-a-vis dollar and volatility in prices of crude oil.\"He added, \"We have decided to watch (the situation) for just a few days... and when I say few days it is days not week... we want to know (if this) is a stable trend (and) we will come back to you (about a reduction in rates).\"Asked about the opposition from within his own party, Reddy said, \"The Congress party is also a political party and like all other political parties (it) doesn't want to advocate unpopular causes even if they are unequivocal causes.\"For good measure, he added, \"All political parties including my own party (Congress) are populist... (but) we cannot run the country on populist sentiments.\"Asked whether the ministry was playing a role from behind the scenes despite petrol being a deregulated fuel, Reddy said, \"This is politics, not physics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "buxar", "code": "13501617", "title": "Solve land-related disputes on priority basis, CM tells officials", "text": "BUXAR: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday asked the officials to solve land-related disputes on priority basis to avoid agrarian tension and maintain social harmony in rural areas.Holding a review meeting with the officials of Buxar, Kaimur, Bhojpur and Rohtas districts at Buxar collectorate on the last day of his three-day Sewa Yatra to Buxar district, the chief minister said, \"Land- related disputes are generally the root cause behind major incidents of violence and it creates social hatred and agrarian tension in rural areas.\"He said, the circle officer (CO) and officer-in-charge (OC) of police station concerned must hold a joint meeting every week to take up the cases related to land disputes and find out ways to solve them amicably. The CM asked the district magistrates to issue an order from their offices in this regard and also fix a day in a week for the circle officer for taking up the land dispute related matters with the officer-in-charge of police station. The CM also directed the department secretary to issue a circular from the secretariat level in this regard. \"The most sensitive cases of land dispute can be taken up at higher level,\" he said.The CM further pointed out that a different kind of land dispute arose due to land erosion and subsequent shifting of its mainstream by the river Ganga. Such disputes happen to be inter-state also. \"For the solution of such inter-state disputes, the in-charge minister, Vijay Kumar Choudhary, will hold a meeting with the DMs of Bhojpur and Buxar to identify the problems and find their solution,\" the CM added.Emphasising on probity and impartiality in the administration, the chief minister said, \"Good governance means impartial execution of welfare programmes schemes with justice.\"\"During the review of environment and forest department, the CM was informed that afforestation had been done on 28.3 km long stretch of canal in Buxar district during financial year 2011-12,\" while a proposal for afforestation on 30 km stretch of canal and 10 km long stretch on roadside had already been sent to the secretariat for necessary approval. Road construction department secretary Pratyay Amrit informed the CM that afforestation works on the new state highways were being done by the road construction department.The CM also directed the officials to observe a day in a week as 'MGNREGA Day'. All schemes undertaken under the MGNREGA in a particular block should be physically inspected on that particular day without giving prior information to the officials concerned. He also reviewed the progress made in other welfare schemes of the government and asked the officials to maintain impartiality and probity in execution of programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13502188", "title": "Bangalore municipal body releases footage of threat to whistleblower", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has finally decided to go public on the alleged threats issued to one of its top engineers. On Friday, it released CCTV footage of six persons entering the office of chief engineer N Devaraj, who heads the technical vigilance committee under the commissioner. The engineer had asked for cameras to be installed in his office after the May 21 incident.The cameras in the corridors of BBMP headquarters captured six persons going into his office. They threatened him to stop investigation into the alleged TDR scam in road widening of Kottanur main road in Bommanahalli zone and Yelahanka. TOI first reported the story on how the whistleblower was threatened.The BBMP is yet to install CCTV cameras in Devaraj's office. \"I'll identify the persons involved. I have already written to the special commissioner asking him to initiate a probe by BMTF police into this incident. The CCTV footage clearly show how they entered my office and left after 10-15 minutes. They threatened me, saying they would set my office on fire,\" said Devaraj told TOI.Earlier threats tooIn September 2011, Devaraj got calls from unknown numbers when he was investigating the Rs 1539-crore scam of fake tender and bills in civic works in RR Nagar, Malleswaram and Gandhinagar constituencies. \"I had brought this to the notice of higher officials in BBMP. I informed Ulsoorgate police station too and given the numbers from which I got threatening calls,\" Devaraj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13501612", "title": "Amravati probable topper Manali Dhore wants to be a doctor", "text": "AMRAVATI: She was on cloud nine when she learnt about her result. Manali Dhore, a student of Shri Shivaji Science college, stood first in her college perhaps in Amravati districts.Manali is the probable topper in Amravati district while Priya Kadu and Tanmay Boob, both students of Brijlal Biyani college, has missed first slot by just one mark. Manali has scored 578 marks (96.33%) while both Priya and Tanmay have scored 577 marks out of total 600 marks.Talking to TOI, Manali said, \"I was shocked when I was learnt about my result. I had not expected to be the topper.\" She said that she aspires to be a doctor. Focusing on study does not mean a TV ban for Manali. She said she enjoyed watching TV even during her crucial academic year. Manali used to devote at least five-six hours daily for studies. A bibliophile, Manali also loves painting. She has given credit to her teachers and father Madhav Dhore, an engineer attached with Shri Shivaji education society and mother Vandana, a homemaker.Twenty-four students of Shri Shivaji Science College scored above 90% marks in HSC examination. Last year, this number was 18. A student Diksha Gupta of the college secured 97% marks including 25 incentive marks of sports. Priya Kadu of Brijlal Biyani College has bagged the first slot from her college by securing 577 marks out of 600 while Tanmay Boob too scored 577 marks. Thirty-three students of Brijlal Biyani College scored above 90% marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051091", "title": "'Shotout at Wadala'..Err...Dogar?", "text": "The stars of Sanjay Gupta's much-awaited flick Shootout at Wadala had the real exposure of some bhaigiri recently. Lately few crucial action and chase sequences of the movie were shot in the Dogar area of Andheri which is better known for mafiosos and crooks that inhibit the area. It gave the makers some real hard time convincing these real bhais and get their consent for shooting few sequences there.Reportedly, none of the movies were shot here till yet because the desperados never agreed to the makers for allowing them to shoot in their area. And, it did happened for the first time that the whole cast and crew of any movie visited here and successfully shot their bits.Confirming the reports, a source close to the cast and crew of Shootout At Wadala, says, \"Shooting in Dogar area of Andheri has happened for the first time. None of the big budget movies were shot here till yet. The makers and the crew had to convince the 'bhai's' of this area and get their permission for having the shoots here. The area is little backward and roads, streets are all bumpy which gave the perfect setting for the kind of surroundings the script needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13507703", "title": "Rising temperature pushes power demand", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With no major rain expected in Odisha in the next 10 days, the intense heat wave and power crisis will prevail for quite some time, officials said on Friday.\"We see little indication of major rainfall in the state till June 4. The monsoon has already set in the Andamans since May 23. But that will take time to reach Odisha, the exact date being difficult to predict at this stage,\" said director of regional meteorological office here, Sarat Sahoo. He said the state receives rain from active monsoon reaching through Kerala and Assam routes. \"We are keeping a watch on the movement of monsoon,\" Sahoo added.With no rain in sight and summer temperature soaring, power demand in the state meanwhile has skyrocketed. The temperature has been continuously hovering over 42 degree Celsius in most parts of the state for the last few days. On Friday, at least 14 places recorded temperature beyond 40 degree Celsius, seven of which had more than 45 degree Celsius. Sambalpur topped the list with 46.7 degree Celsius, the highest this season.\"We are now a serious energy deficit state. The grueling summer has only compounded our problem to meet the demand. The average power demand has crossed 2900 MW. Even at 2 am in the night, the demand contrary to expectations hardly drops as most houses in urban areas use air conditioners,\" said a senior Gridco official.He admitted Gridco had been forced to depend much on thermal sources, particularly captive units by private industrial houses. \"The Vedanta's Jharsuguda thermal unit after remaining closed for days due to technical problems resumed generation on Friday and started giving about 350 mw, but it hardly made any difference as the demand and supply gap is still very high,\" the official said adding 'most rural areas barely has power to use under the circumstances'.The power crisis in the state on Friday caught the attention of an Assembly committee to meet and take stock of the situation. \"The mess in the energy department has pushed the state to suffer. There are two government circulars issued on 22nd April and 7th July of 2009 mandating private power producers to maximize production during crisis period and give the surplus power to the state. But the government for mysterious reasons has hardly implemented its own guidelines. It has also exempted electricity duty for the private power producers, but collecting the dues from the common consumers,\" senior Congress member Prasad Harichandan said after the Assembly committee meeting presided over by the Speaker.At the secretariat, chief secretary Bijay Patnaik reviewed the power situation at a high-level meeting. He said three ultra mega power projects had been planned in the state, site selection and other works for which had been going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500963", "title": "Engineer, friend held for rape", "text": "CHENNAI: The Vellore police have arrested a marine engineer and his friend and charged them with rape of two women from Chennai. Police have launched a search for two of their associates.\"The accused befriended the women on a social networking site and invited them to Vellore to visit the Sripuram Golden Temple,\" a police officer said. \"They took the women to a hotel where they raped them and made videos of them in compromising positions.\" The accused blackmailed the women and forced them to repeatedly visit Vellore, he said. The officer identified the accused as Dileep, 25, and Ananda Babu, 24, from Ranipet. Dileep is a marine en8g8ineer and works for a company in England, police said.The women, a chartered accountant and a supervisor in a private company, recently lodged a complaint with Vellore SP G Kayalvizhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13505102", "title": "Almost 50% drop in examination malpractices, says Maharashtra board", "text": "PUNE: Instances of exam malpractices like impersonation and copying have come down by almost half from 4,163 cases in 2011 to 2,529 cases this year.The board has attributed this to a series of counter measures that have been put in place over the last couple of years.\"For the past couple of years, we laid specific emphasis on steps to curb exam malpractices and this has started showing good results with the cases coming down by almost half,\" said Maharashtra State Education Board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav, while announcing the HSC 2012 exam results on Friday.Referring to the cases of impersonation, i.e. somebody else writing the papers on behalf of the enrolled candidate, Jadhav said, \"These instances have fallen from 20 that were registered last year to 13 this year.\"Four cases of impersonation were registered in Latur division while another three and two cases were reported from Kolhapur and Mumbai divisions respectively, he said. The remaining divisions, barring Aurangabad and Konkan, recorded one case, he added.Nagpur recorded the highest cases of copying (955) while Nashik had 493 cases of copying. Amravati and Aurangabad divisions recorded 370 and 340 cases respectively. Last year, Amravati alone had reported 1,499 cases of copying, while Aurangabad and Nagpur had reported 927 and 831 cases. Pune division had relatively fewer copying cases (199) while Mumbai (69), Kolhapur (45) and Latur (55) were among the boards with less than 100 cases of copying. The newly established Konkan division reported the least number of such cases (3).Incidentally, none of the nine divisional boards reported instances of teachers or exam centre staff assisting students in malpractice. In all, 110 instances involving malpractices other than copying and impersonation were registered across the state.Jadhav pointed out that the board had set up local vigilance committees across all the districts under the district collectors and had undertaken an elaborate awareness campaign.There were 245 flying squads in the state and each district had seven flying squads each. Exam centres classified as 'sensitive' were given sitting squads, i.e. authorities assigned inside the centre to keep a watch on the activities.The police had also effected special measures under the criminal procedure code provisions to ensure that no unwanted element would be present within a 100 m radius of the exam centre. There were 425 exam centres where videography was conducted throughout the exam period to check for external nuisances. Similarly, to curb impersonation, the board had opted for scanned and signed photographs of the candidates on the admit card of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13522535", "title": "I've been assured of Pakistan players participation in next IPL: Ijaz Butt", "text": "LAHORE: Stating that he had a fruitful discussion with the Indian Premier League chief Rajiv Shukla, former Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) chairman Ijaz Butt said that he has been assured that the Pakistani players' would be allowed to take part in the next edition of the IPL.According to a report in 'Daily Dawn', Butt briefed his successor, Zaka Ashraf on the discussions he had with Shukla and former BCCI president and current ICC chief Sharad Pawar , recently in New Delhi during his visit to India.\"Rajiv Shukla has assured me that Pakistani players would be allowed to take part in the next IPL,\" Butt said.\"I held the meetings with the BCCI officials with the consent of the PCB chief and have briefed him accordingly,\" he added.The PCB had urged Butt to hold discussions with the Indian Board (BCCI) on resumption of the cricketing ties between the two nations.Butt said that the recent announcement by the BCCI that Pakistan would be allowed to send its Twenty20 champions team for the Champions League was a good progress and had made him believe that the discussions were moving in the right direction.Ashraf, who will himself be leaving for India on Saturday to watch the IPL final in Chennai scheduled on Sunday after the BCCI extended an invitation to him, told the media that the visit would be a good opportunity to discuss the resumption of bilateral ties with the Indian officials.\"Things have been moving in the right direction in recent times and the recent thaw will pave the way for resumption of bilateral ties,\" he said.\"The BCCI has already taken the first step by including our team in the Champions League. And during my visit to India negotiations are expected to happen on the resumption of bilateral ties as well,\" Ashraf added.Ashraf said that Pakistan could offer the BCCI to host a bilateral series at a neutral venue if the Indians refuse to send their team to Pakistan on security grounds.\"The BCCI may also host Pakistan but whatever decision is taken it will be in best interest of Pakistan cricket,\" said Ashraf.Interestingly, Shukla during a recent private visit to Pakistan had made it clear that whenever a bilateral series will be held it would either be in India or Pakistan and not in any neutral venue as that would serve no purpose to either of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13507470", "title": "No respite for Sambalpur from climbing mercury", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The mercury refused to climb down in Sambalpur as this western Odisha town sizzled on Friday afternoon with the temperature hitting the season's highest of 46.7 degree Celsius. The town has been experiencing extreme hot weather for the past four to five days with the temperature hovering above 45 degree Celsius.It recorded 45.5 degree Celsius on Wednesday and climbing upwards touched 46 degree Celsius on Thursday. Meteorological office sources said if the cloud condition remains unchanged then the temperature will further up in the coming days. \"Sambalpur today recorded 46.7 degree Celsius, this year's highest,\" said K Singh, the met officer of Sambalpur.Thursday's heat took its toll too. A daily-wage labourer of Sambalpur's Modipara area died allegedly because of sunstroke taking the town's heat wave toll to 6. The labourer was identified as Gukul Naik (45). He collapsed near his house after returning from work on Friday afternoon. He died on the spot.But the district administration is yet to confirm the death. \"We have so far received only one complaint of such death from Maneswar area. But it is difficult for us to confirm the death because it was cremated before post mortem. But we have sent the report to the government\", said Jayanarayan Dash, the district emergency officer of Sambalpur, on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500462", "title": "'Police need to increase night vigil in Gadchiroli'", "text": "NAGPUR: State director general of police K Subramanyam, who was in the city on Friday en route to Mumbai after a two-day visit to Naxal-hit Gadchiroli, said the police need to make their presence felt during night hours to gain the confidence of the villagers in the district. \"We need to post willing and interested officers at key posts there,\" he said.\"If the villagers stop supporting the Naxals they would have nowhere to go,\" said the DGP who met TOI at the Police Gymkhana in Civil Lines.Subramanyam attributed the sudden aggravation of the Naxal problem in Gadchiroli and Gondia to their increased domination in Chhattisgarh. \"The situation has become worse as there are fewer police posts along our border with Chhattisgarh ,\" he said. \"They also want to create a political vacuum.\"The DGP said the Naxals are rounding up youngsters from different villages and keeping them with dalams for a few days so that they are attracted to their movement. \"The tactic has failed leaving the Naxals frustrated and they are now resorting to killings,\" said Subramanyam.Subramanyam and additional DGP (law and order) Satyapal Singh met the villagers at Dhanora and reassured them. The DGP indicated that the days of the police patils in the district would soon be replaced with \"special police officers but without arms\".The DGP also visited the Alpha Hawks commando training academy at Suraburdi in the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13519247", "title": "Statistical highlights of the IPL Qualifier II between Chennai Super Kings and Delhi Daredevils", "text": "CHENNAI: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League Qualifier II between Chennai Super Kings and Delhi Daredevils on Friday.# Chennai Super Kings's 86-run victory is their second biggest by runs margin in the IPL, behind the 92-run victory against Bangalore at Port Elizabeth on April 20, 2009.# CSK have won six and lost four out of 10 contested against Delhi in the IPL - success % 60.00.# Delhi Daredevils have lost two matches in a row for the first time in the IPL 5 - by 18 runs to Kolkata on May 22 and by 86 runs to Chennai on May 25.# With their brilliant win, Chennai have reached into the finals for the third year in succession - their fourth in five IPL seasons.# Varun Aaron (4-0-63-2) has set an unwanted record in the history of the IPL with his expensive bowling figures.# Chennai's total of 222 for five is the highest by any team in the IPL 2012. The total is the highest by any team against Delhi in the IPL. Chennai's total is their third highest in the IPL. Their 246 for five against Rajasthan at Chennai in 2010 is the highest by any team in the IPL.# Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma , with 42 catches as fielders share an IPL record for most catches.# Dwayne Bravo's superb batting average of 46.37 is the highest by a Chennai batsman in the IPL 5# Umesh Yadav took his wicket-aggregate to 19 at an average of 23. 84 in 17 matches - the second highest for Delhi in the IPL 5, behind Morne Morkel's 25 (ave.18. 12) in 16 games.# 16 runs outs were effected by Delhi Daredevils - the most by a team in the IPL 5.# Mahela Jayawardene is the third Delhi batsman to make 300 runs or more in the IPL 2012, aggregating 335 at an average of 27. 91 in 16 matches.# Jayawardene's eighth half-century in the IPL is his third in the present competition.# Virender Sehwag (495), Mahela Jayawardene (335) and Kevin Pietersen (305) are the top run-scorers for Delhi in the IPL 2012.# Murali Vijay has become the second player to post a hundred against Delhi Daredevils in the IPL. Chris Gayle was the first to record the feat - 128 not out for Bangalore at Feroz Shah Kotla, Delhi on May 17, 2012.# Vijay is the fourth batsman to register two hundreds in the IPL, joining Adam Gilchrist , David Warner and Chris Gayle.# Vijay has become the first Indian batsman to record two centuries in the IPL - 127 against Rajasthan on April 3, 2010 and 113 against Delhi on May 25, 2012 - both at Chepauk, Chennai.# During the course of his hundred, Vijay completed his 2000 runs in Twenty20, aggregating 2058 (ave.26.38) in 83 matches, including two hundreds and ten fifties.# Vijay has been adjudged the Man of the Match for the fifth time in the IPL.# Vijay and Raina were involved in a stand of 69 for the second wicket - Chennai's highest against Delhi in the IPL.# 77 dot balls were recorded in the match - 33 by Chennai and 44 by Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13507549", "title": "Bhubaneswar Development Authority to inject Rs 5 crore for hospital makeover", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The health department has approved Bhubaneswar Development Authority's (BDA) Rs 5 crore plan to beautify the Capital Hospital. \"The health department has given its go ahead. We hope work will start soon,\" said hospital's chief medical officer (CMO) Dr Sudarshan Das.BDA had given its proposal in February last year. According to it, the frontal vacant space inside the hospital will be developed into a central park and divided into three big green patches. Currently, hospital staff and visitors to the hospital use the vacant area for parking of vehicles though it is not earmarked for it.BDA would also construct ultramodern toilets in medicine, surgery, obstetrics and gynaecology and children's ward. The number of existing toilets are too less to tackle the patient load, hospital sources said. \"The government approved the project after examining its sustainability and keeping in mind the hospital's expansion need for the next 15 years,\" a senior health department officer said. The government-run 547-bed hospital witnesses a footfall of an average 800 patients a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13501752", "title": "Siachen card? Pak puts off visa agreement", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a surprise move, Pakistan on Friday backed away from signing a new visa agreement with India, one that was widely expected to ease travel between the two countries and serve as a big confidence-building measure.The joint statement, issued after the conclusion of home/interior secretary-level talks in Islamabad, said both sides agreed to sign the visa agreement \"at an early date\" as \"some internal approvals\" were still needed, while Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik stressed the need to sign such a \"very big agreement\" at the political level.However, Pakistan's reluctance to ink the deal for simplification of visa procedures intrigued New Delhi, sparking suspicion whether the delay was meant to coax India into making concessions on Siachen. Its decision to postpone the visa agreement comes weeks after Pakistan put off scheduled bilateral talks on Sir Creek.The visa talks will now be held in the third week of June, after the Siachen talks of June 11-12. While Pakistan has made it clear that Siachen is on top of its agenda, India is unlikely to relent. The Pakistani army has been pressing for a mutual withdrawal of troops from the Saltoro Ridge which India has refused.Pak didn't have army nod for visa deal?Pakistan army has suddenly started pressing for a mutual withdrawal of troops from the Saltoro Ridge. India has refused to withdraw its troops until Pakistan agrees to authenticate the respective troop positions where India occupies the dominating heights.India, however, sought to play down the surprise postponement of the visa talks by Pakistan. When questioned, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai told newspersons in Delhi that the Indian team had gone \"fully prepared\" to sign the agreement. Mathai, who attributed the postponement to a \"delay in procedure\" in Pakistan, said the visa agreement would have been signed in accordance with the decision taken during the visit of Pakistani President Asif Zardari.\"We also have reports that the Pakistani side referred to some delay in its procedure and the Pakistan interior minister's (Rehman Malik) desire for political participation in signing of the visa pact,\" he said. \"Both sides had attached a lot of importance on signing the visa agreement,\" he added.It is felt that Pakistan army, the controlling authority on ties with India, has not given the civilian government in Islamabad the all-clear for the visa agreement. It is also estimated that Pakistan feels that it has given a lot with the MFN decision, and that now it was India's turn to reciprocate, and therefore postponement of the deal.The visa agreement, which was supposed to be signed on Friday, is meant for giving one year multiple-entry, non-police reporting visas for 'certified' businessmen and allow them to visit five cities instead of three as at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13504548", "title": "Solar lights to brighten Sainik School campus", "text": "BELGAUM: Kittur Rani Channamma Residential Sainik School for Girls (KRCRSSG) of Kittur in Bailhongal taluk, shortly to have an integrated solar campus, under Soura Belaku Yojane of the rural development and panchayat raj department. KRCRSSG is the only public school in South Asia that imparts education on the lines of military schools for girls.The school was established in 1969 by the former CM S R Kanthi, in order to prepare the girls academically, physically, mentally and intellectually and bring the public school education within the reach of common citizens. The school is situated on the outskirts of Kittur, around 45km distance from Belgaum and near to the Pune-Bangalore national highway (NH-4). The school campus spreads on around 200 acres of lush green forest on the hill top. The present strength of the school is over 900, classified in 6th to 12th standard.As the school campus is very vast, keeping the campus bright with electric lights particularly at night is a tough and costly affair. Considering the safety of girls, the government installed electric polls in the campus long ago.Now the government is all set to install 208 solar street lights in the campus. The work of installing solar lights will begin shortly, once the financial bid is open.\"Apart from ensuring light on the campus, solar street lights will add beauty to the campus with their look. The other huge benefit is that the system doesn't require much maintenance compared to electric lights. Also there is no need to switch on and switch off the lights every day,\" said principal lieutenant colonel (retired) Prakash Narahari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13504698", "title": "Irked with petrol price-rise, Hubli people take to the streets", "text": "HUBLI: Protests against the sudden rise in petrol prices continued in the city on Friday. People came to streets voicing their anguish against the central government for its 'unfair move'. One such protest was held by BJP members led by MP Prahlad Joshi.They came in bullock carts from Durgad Bail to mark their protest and assembled at the Ambedkar cirle. Later they tried to gherao the head post office, a central government undertaking. When the protesters tried to enter the post office, police forcibly stopped them from doing so. The protesters shouted slogans against the central government. Addressing the gathering MP Prahlad Joshi said the steep rise in fuel prices is a huge burden on the public and urged the government consider a rollback.Another protest was held by the Jai Bhimsena organization. The protesters said the sharp rise in fuel prices will have a cascading effect on the economy, fuelling inflation further. The protesters blamed the UPA government for its \"anti-poor and anti-middle class\" stance. They threatened to carry out a nationwide stir if the central government failed to roll back the hike in price. Protests were held in Haveri and Gadag too. Members of BJP, Karnataka Makkala Paksha (KMP) and Sriramulu Abhimanigala Sangha took out processions. Some organizations formed human chain, held rasta roko and burnt tires at Gandhi circle in Gadag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13500674", "title": "Rajasthan tops in alternative dispute redressal: Justice Dalip Singh", "text": "JAIPUR: The graph of litigations resolved through mediation and conciliation known as alternative dispute redressal (ADR) mechanism is on the rise in the state and all judicial officers of sub-ordinate courts have been given a third round of training in this mechanism.This was stated by Justice Dalip Singh, chairman of the Rajasthan State Legal Services Authority (RSLSA). Addressing media persons after the mega lok adalat organized at the Jaipur Bench of Rajasthan High Court on Friday, Justice Singh said Rajasthan judiciary is on top in the country as far as imparting training in this regard to judicial officers is concerned.\"A total of 311 cases were placed for mediation and 43 were amicably settled. A delegate from China also came and participated in the process which is a big achievement and indicating success of the ADR system in the state of Rajasthan. The entire efforts have been made possible through the directives issued by Justice Dalvir Bhandari who happened to be the chairperson of the Mediation Training Program Center of the Supreme Court,\" Justice Singh said.While other high courts are lagging behind in imparting training to judicial officers, the RSLSA has put more stress on the sub-ordinate judges and as a result a large number of appropriate cases are coming for settlement, he said.\"The pre-litigation complaints and the showcause notices issued by the authority are also yielding results and thousands of cases across the state have been successfully resolved even before a proper course of litigation was taken up before courts,\" Justice Singh claimed.In the day-long mega lok adalat, an award of Rs 60 lakh was passed in accident claim cases and one family dispute was also settled with the wife rejoining her husband after seven years after the efforts of mediators of the authority.\"Previously, we have reconciled a husband, who was a tourist guide, with his wife, to settle abroad by way of mediation. He had left his young children behind. They are now happily reunited. Earlier, we keep on looking for persons to act as mediators and the position today is that there are ample number of trained mediators with the state legal services authority so much so that we are being forced to close appointment of new mediators,\" he said.Stepping ahead in the field of ADR and after inauguration of the first ADR centre in Dausa, the RSLSA is now inaugurating ADR centre for Jaipur at Banipark on Saturday. The centre will be inaugurated by Justice Dalveer Bhandari, who is also a judge of the International Court of Justice. The occasion will also be graced by chief minister Ashok Gehlot and Chief Justice of Rajasthan High Court Justice Arun Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13502070", "title": "West Bengal to meet industry honchos on land issue", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to iron out doubts and apprehensions, if any, the state government has decided to take the bull by the horns. Government officials will face industry bosses very soon to answer their queries on the crucial land issue.Commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said the meeting between chambers of commerce and officials of industries and land department will take place on June 12. It was decided on Friday at a meeting of the core committee held at the commerce and industries department's Camac Street office.The state has asked the chambers of commerce to submit questions on which state officials can 'prepare' in advance. This had earlier been done during an interactive session, but a section of industrialists feel that the scope of discussion gets restricted if questions are sent to the government in advance.For months, since the Mamata Banerjee government came to power, the state's policies on land have been confusing for companies keen to set up industry. In the last one year, industrialization has been rather slow, the main reason perhaps being the state's policy not to acquire land for industrial purpose.Industry heads are worried that this will have a negative impact in the long run, because considering the fragmented nature of land holdings in Bengal, it would be difficult to purchase huge contiguous stretches of land for those keen on setting up industries. So, there might be difficult questions to handle at the session.A development that the industry sees in positive light is the amendment of the urban and rural land ceiling under Section 14Y of the West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955, to accommodate new age industry to hold more than 24 acres, that was earlier restricted.The new government has made the relaxation applicable for more sectors than the Left Front government did. It also allows transfer of the land. According to industrialists, it will remove hurdle of land transfer which is necessary for setting up industrial hubs where land is leased out to entrepreneurs.While on the one hand this has happened, the government has also made applications for setting up of new industry much more hassle free. Earlier, if there were 99 forms to submit, now there are only seven forms. The West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) has made lease agreements with investors friendly in consultation with banks. Fifteen new lease agreements were signed in the past one year.\"We are going to have an open and free discussion where land would be one of the key topics. This interaction between government and member of the industries is likely to give out a clear picture on land issues in the state in coming days,\" said Deepak Jalan, president, Merchant Chamber of Commerce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502808", "title": "KSEB tower construction: Tecom may move court", "text": "KOCHI: With KSEB going ahead with the construction of the towers for transmission lines through the land handed over to SmartCity, Tecom, the promoters of the project, is learnt to have decided to move the court. Though KSEB stopped the work after intervention by the district administration on Wednesday, the board resumed the work on Friday.According to Tecom sources, KSEB is acting in connivance with the state government, and so it has decided to move the court. \"Though the district collector asked KSEB to stop the work till the survey to identify the real owners of the land is completed, the board resumed the work on Friday,\" sources in SmartCity said. Tecom authorities have complained to the collector about this.Tecom authorities feel KSEB wouldn't resume the work without the consent of the government. KSEB had stopped the work by 3 pm on Wednesday after the district administration asked it to do so. Later in the evening, collector P I Sheik Pareeth convened a meeting of KSEB officials and Tecom representatives. But the meeting failed to make any headway. Though KSEB had started construction of the towers to transmit power between Madakkathara and Pallikkara 400 KV sub-stations two years ago, the work had to be stopped owing to opposition from Tecom. The collector and Revenue officials visited the spot, and the village officer surveyed the land, but couldn't demarcate the land given to SmartCity. The collector then asked the village officer to conduct a detailed survey.KSEB officials said the board could start the work even if the land belonged to a private party. There is provision for KSEB to draw transmission lines without the permission of land owners if there is special sanction from the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500775", "title": "Man stabs friend to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old employee of a steel company, Vinoth, was arrested on Friday for stabbing a friend to death during a drunken brawl at Kodungaiyur.Police said Kumar of Washermenpet and Vinoth of Kodungaiyur were employed in a steel factory at Kodungaiyur. After finishing night duty on Thursday, they were drinking liquor on the terrace. \"Vinoth kept threatening Kumar with a broken beer bottle and then stabbed him in the throat,\" said a police officer. Kumar died on the spot. A few employees alerted the Kodungaiyur police. Vinoth was nabbed near Koyambedu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13519246", "title": "Kolkata women come together for SlutWalk", "text": "\"There's a conspiracy of silence that should be broken,\" said Rimi B Chatterjee, faculty at the department of English at Jadavpur University.She was not dressed in her usual starched saris. She chose to wear a spaghetti dress that left, well, most of her torso bare. Not bare, actually. The word 'slut' was inscribed in bold black across her chest. She was at the first-ever SlutWalk organized in the city on Thursday, that saw teachers joining hands with students and mothers with daughters to do away with the myth that a girl in a skimpy dress is simply asking to be raped. It started from Jadavpur University in the evening. and ended at Triangular Park. \"It's bound to make certain people very uncomfortable\", said Rimi.Thursday's SlutWalk saw men marching alongside women . Said Somek, an aspiring actor, who took part in the event, \"It is not about gender. It is about sending a message that please don't judge us by what we wear. Change of government doesn't change society and we need to address that problem.\" We also spotted Hemley Gonzalez, dressed in a lungi, leading the movement. \"This is a global movement that's why I am here. India boasts of being progressive, time it became so in reality,\" he said.We guess it's time to do away with political slogans. Voices in the city are now speaking a new language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13517146", "title": "Grant Bowler to play Richard Burton in Liz Taylor biopic", "text": "Australian actor Grant Bowler has been cast alongside Lindsay Lohan in the Elizabeth Taylor biopic 'Liz and Dick'.According to the Hollywood Reporter , Bowler has landed the coveted role ahead of A-list actors such as George Clooney , who Lohan previously expressed her desire to see in the role, the Daily Telegraph reported.Bowler - who made it big in the US with a roles in 'True Blood' and 'Ugly Betty' - is best know locally for 'All Saints', 'Outrageous Fortune' and 'Blue Heelers'.The biopic is being made into a TV movie for Lifetime and will follow Richard Burton and Taylor's infamous romance which started on the set of 'Cleopatra' and saw them marry twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504831", "title": "113 railway passengers caught travelling without tickets", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A total of 113 people were caught travelling without tickets during a checking drive carried out by North Central railway authorities recently. Fine was also imposed on the erring passengers.Presently, the ticket checking drive is being undertaken at various stations of the Allahabad division recently. The drive was conducted at the stations of Bamrauli and Allahabad railway junction.It is pertinent to mention that to control unauthorised ticket travel in the trains, Allahabad division of North Central Railway is currently carrying out drive at various stations. This drive is being conducted on the instructions of divisional railway manager (DRM) of Allahabad division, Harendra Rao.There were several passengers found travelling without tickets/irregular tickets/luggage without booking. A fine of about Rs 47,024 was also realised from the erring passengers who were found travelling on unauthorized tickets.During the checking drive, RPF and GRP personnel were present. tnnThe checking drive was held under the supervision of divisional commercial manager V K Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13499921", "title": "Polling for two council seats held peacefully", "text": "NAGPUR: Polling for biennial elections to legislative council for the two seats in the region - Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli and Amravati- from the local bodies constituencies was held peacefully on Friday. In Gadchiroli, where it was held under the shadow of Naxalite violence and threats, all 107 voters comprising elected members of ZP, municipal councils and panchayat presidents cast their votes.Polling was held in the state for six seats, the four other being Konkan, Nashik, Parbhani-Hingoli and Osmanabad-Latur-Beed. Counting of votes will be on Monday. In the three-district constituency, 99.22% polling was registered as all but one voter (from Wardha) exercised their franchise. Congress-NCP candidate Rahul Puglia is in straight fight with BJP-Sena candidate Mitesh Bhangadiya in the seat. Of the total 620 eligible voters, 291 were from Chandrapur, 222 from Wardha and 107 from Gadchiroli.While four polling booths were set up in Chandrapur district at subdivision centres, three polling booths each were arranged in Wardha and Gadchiroli districts. 100% polling was registered in Chandrapur (151 votes), Brahmapuri (37 votes), Warora (71 votes), Rajura (32 votes), Gadchiroli (49 votes), Desaiganj (38 votes), Aheri (20 votes), Hinganghat (57 votes) and Arvi (43 votes) polling booths. However, one voter failed to turn up at Wardha polling booth. There were 128 votes here but only 127 were cast.Both the contestants hurled charges of use of money and muscle power against each other. Bhangadiya, an irrigation contractor, was a surprise choice of the BJP-Sena. The Congress took the dynasty route with by nominating senior leader Naresh Puglia's son Rahul. In the last Assembly elections, he had contested unsuccessfully against now state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar from Ballarshah seat.In the Amravati local body seat, of the total 396 votes 393 were cast. There are four candidates in the fray there. While the BJP has fielded local builder Praveen Pote, Congress nominaee is Aniruddha (Bablu) Deshmukh. Independent candidate Ajay Nawandar and a rebel NCP candidate and former president of Chandur Rly municipal Council Ganesh Roy are also in the ring. Here 190 female and 203 male voters exercised their franchise. Polling was held in 14 booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13505814", "title": "Beijing\u2019s headache: Too many cars, fewer homes", "text": "BEIJING: It is 6:30 am on a Monday , and traffic on Panjiyuan South Road is already beginning to slow down as the morning rush hour hits its stride. In another hour cars are backed up for kilometers on most arterial roads leading into the central business district of Beijing. Spanning the flower-shouldered roads are huge electronic boards which indicate the state of traffic on a 2x2 grid - red lines mean traffic is at halt, orange is slow moving and the rare green is moving traffic.Beijing has 5 million cars, with 2000 more being added every day till recently. And in central Beijing, most of these are limousines with Mercs, BMWs, and Skodas dominating . Towards the suburbs, or in inner communities off the main roads, the mix of vehicles suddenly changes. All types of powered vehicles from electric three wheelers (bubble-top or matchbox) to smaller Suzukis, mopeds and even bicycles. Till a decade ago this was a city that was dominated by bicycles as hundreds of thousands pedaled to and fro their offices. The economic boom has created this car frenzy.Talk to any local and two issues are always mentioned - traffic and housing prices. In this, Beijing seems very similar to Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore or any other metropolis. Beijing is officially categorized as a \"province level municipality\" which helps in slowly eating up the surrounding rural areas that stretch upto the Great Wall, 60 km away. The area covered by Beijing municipal administration is huge - about 17,000sq km. Delhi is about 1400 and Mumbai just 600sq km. The population of this vast administrative area is over 20 million, although the core districts contain about 17 million people.A decade ago, Beijing's population was 14 million. This 44% increase is due to influx of migrants from both rural areas and other cities. Attracted by a nearly 13% average annual growth rate of the municipality's gross regional product (GRP), young educated people from other towns and cities flock to the capital for work. The GRP of Beijing is estimated at 1.37 trillion Renminbi (RMB) in 2010, or about $217 billion. Nearly three quarters of this is from the services sector.This population explosion of mainly better income immigrants has led to a huge imbalance in demand and supply of housing, and consequent massive hike in property prices , says professor Xu Jie of Chinese Academy of Governance . \"Return on real estate increased 300% between 2003 and 2011, while average growth in consumer prices was just 3.8% per year,\" she explained.Yuan Ping, a Beijing University student has to pay about $400 per month for a tiny single room apartment to in order to live close to the campus . in northern Beijing.The government has slowly woken up to this twin crises, announcing a slew of measures . On the traffic front, a new regulation announced in April this year prohibits cars with specified last digits of their registration numbers from coming on the streets on certain days of the week.For example numbers ending with 3 and 8 are prohibited on Mondays and so on.What happens if you violate ? Beijing roads are strangely devoid of traffic police persons compared to Indian cities.But there are cameras everywhere , hanging from cross beams over roads. Every time a prohibited car number is caught on camera , an automatic notice for a 200-yuan penalty is issued. To control the insanely rising car numbers , the Beijing municipality has introduced a lottery system to choose 20,000 new registrations every month.The number of applicants are usually 800,000 every month. For housing, the government is pulling down ancient hutongs or densely populated communities to be replaced by 'security home' that is, multi-storeyed flatted complexes like gated communities . Thirty-six million new homes are proposed by 2015, and so the skyline is punctured by tower cranes. Mortgages are permitted only to those who have worked for 5 years at least.Common people are resigned to high rents and long commutes. The saving grace is it takes only 2 yuan to travel anywhere on the Beijing metro (called subway) and just 1 yuan for a bus ride anywhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13506043", "title": "We are blessed to have Bolt: Christie", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Olympic, World, European and CWG champion Linford Christie, the event ambassador of TCS World 10K Bangalore, shares his thoughts on various topics from how Usain Bolt revolutionized sprinting to how India can unearth talent through community-based competitions like Street Athletics. Excerpts:How is the mood in London ahead of the Olympics?The general public is excited about the Games. The mood among the athletes is that it is coming around too soon. You always want an extra month to prepare. Sometimes I think the public doesn't understand why they are excited and we are not.Are you disappointed that you are not part of the Olympic torch relay?No. I'm not. I'm not one of those guys who wear suits and ties. I do what I do the best and that's with the athletes.The British Olympic Association's life ban on dope tainted athletes was recently scrapped by CAS (Court of Arbitration for Sport). Have you got any invite (to the Games)?To be honest, it never bothered me. I do think that I have done nothing wrong but it is up to them. I'm coaching my athletes. I do think it should be a life ban for athletes taking drugs but the problem is that some people are using it as an agenda to do things for different needs. They can do that. I'll just coach and bring the future athletes to the front.Who will be in your top-3 list of 100m runners?You can compile it in two ways -the fastest and the greatest - going by the medals they have won. The greatest list will be Carl Lewis, Jesse Owens and Usain Bolt and the fastest will be Usain Bolt, Asafa Powell and Tyson Gay.The Street Athletics programme pioneered by you has become a huge hit in England. Could you tell us more?We are doing it for seven years now. Darren Campbell and I we were just discussing how we can contribute. That time there was lot of stories about young kids getting involved in computer games and we were thinking about how to get them into sports. We raced people on the streets.I have four sisters so we played different games with the street kids and that's all training without them realizing. So we set up Street Athletics where we go into the neighbourhoods to the kids who feel neglected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502316", "title": "Polaris enters Kerala market with all-terrain vehicles", "text": "KOCHI: Polaris, a manufacturer of all-terrain and other specialized vehicles, will focus on forest and police departments as customers, said Pankaj Dubey, MD of Polaris India Pvt Ltd. He was in Kochi on Friday to launch the company's offroad vehicles in the Kerala market. The product range starts at Rs 2.86 lakh, and as these are offroad vehicles, a driving licence is not necessary, Polaris officials said.\"Various government departments like forest and paramilitary forces are the segments we are going to focus on in Kerala. Polaris' offroaders can be driven through dense forests and are also used to control situations like riots that happen offroad,\" Dubey said.Polaris India is the fully-owned subsidiary of US-based Polaris Industries Inc. \"Our Indian operations started nine months back and Kochi is our tenth dealership in the country,\" Dubey said. EVM Motors and Vehicles India Ltd is the Kochi dealer of Polaris.Mumbai is the leading market for Polaris, and Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai are the other towns with huge growth potential. \"In Mumbai, high net worth individuals (HNWIs) who live in beach houses buy the offroaders for driving on beaches,\" Dubey said. Then there is the third segment: entrepreneurs who buy up to ten vehicles and charge people for a drive on dedicated tracks. \"As it is a profitable business, this segment is fast growing,\" he noted.\"Our principal aim is to sensitize customers and create new markets for the options available in recreational vehicles such as all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), Ranger, RZR side-by-side vehicles and snowmobiles,\" Dubey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "13505723", "title": "Plea to government to locate engineer", "text": "DARBHANGA: Family members of an engineer Fasih Mahmood, working in Aeram Engineering Company in Aljuberi, Saudi Arabia, missing since May 13, have urged the state government to request the external affairs ministry to put pressure on the company to disclose his whereabouts.They said the company is duty-bound to trace its missing employee.Mahmood's passport is also lying with the company because after providing employment, the company keeps passport of foreign employees in its possesion.Dr Firoz Ahmad, father of Fasih, in-charge Benipatti Primary Health Centre (PHC) in Madhubani district said on phone that staging protest before the Saudi Arabian embassy in Delhi would be their last resort.He will soon be meeting the higher state authorities once his daughter-in-law Nikhat Parween and her brother Faizan Ahmad reach here.Both are in Delhi approaching the offices concerned to seek information about Fasih. Faizan said, \"An Indian national is missing for the last 12 days, but the Central government is not doing anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504550", "title": "Doctors urge Pune Municipal Corporation to relax technical norms", "text": "PUNE: A delegation of doctors met municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Friday and requested him to relax technical formalities pertaining to obtaining registration (licence) required to run a nursing home. The provisions of Bombay Nursing Home Act 1949 makes it mandatory for a doctor running and managing a hospital or nursing home to have it registered with the local civic body.The inspection drive carried out by the PMC a few days ago had revealed that many nursing homes in the city were being run without a licence.\"Many nursing homes could not get the mandatory registration (licence) for technical non-compliance. The delegation requested the municipal commissioner to relax certain rules. The commissioner assured to extend all administrative help to expedite the registration processes and asked doctors' associations to conduct workshops to sensitize doctors about fulfilling formalities,\" said physician and corporator Siddharth Dhende who coordinated the doctors's delegation.President and secretaries of various doctors' associations, such as the Yerawada Doctor's Association, National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA), Indian Medical Association, General Practitioners' Association and Ahmednagar Road Doctors' Association, from different parts of the city were present for the meeting.\"Our demands are simple. Existing hospitals, which have been serving people for years but do not fit into criteria laid down for seeking registration due to technical and non-medical reasons, should be accommodated for technical non-compliance,\" said Hitesh Solanki, medical administrator, Shah Accident Hospital, Airport road, Yerawada.Elaborating, Solanki said, \"Technical and structural non-compliances -- such as length of the staircase, height of the building, etc, laid down for nursing homes -- can be excused if the nursing home has all the medical facilities required and is manned by trained medical professionals. Certain amendments can be made in the Development Control (DC) rules for easy compliance.\"Two years ago, when swine flu pandemic was at its peak, it was clearly evident in the initial few days that the municipal corporation and state-run hospitals could not cater to the large population affected. The public-private partnership model adopted by Mahesh Zagade, who was then the municipal commissioner, proved successful in containing the pandemic, he observed .\"More than 90% of the registration are pending with the civic body due to such technical and non-medical reasons. We do not support any illegal activity and malpractices, but wherever possible, PMC should relax technical non-compliance. We don't request for any compromise with respect to basic requirements of medical practice,\" said gynaecologist Milind Walunjkar of Yerawada Doctors' Association that has over 200 members. Private healthcare providers take care of 90% of city's healthcare requirements. Depriving them of registration on technical grounds would be unfair, he said.\"Getting all documentary compliance, such as a no-objection certificate from local governing body's civil department, etc, is very difficult. Besides, if a nursing home is situated on the first or above floors, it should have a separate staircase as well as an elevator, sufficient parking space, separate water connection, etc. Fulfilling all these norms becomes extremely difficult,\" said a PMC official.Civic chief Mahesh Pathak said, \"We are ready to provide all administrative help. But there is no exemption from DC rules. Doctors' associations should sensitize their members about the DC rules and inculcate the importance of self-control among their members.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13506146", "title": "Maharashtra board examinations: Girls outdo boys by 14%", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to the battle of the sexes, girls outshine boys in the board examinations. This year was no exception with girls fairing better than the male students in both the city as well as the state. In Maharashtra, the difference between the pass percentage of girls and boys was 12%, and in the Mumbai division, it stood at 14%; a 0.5% rise from the last year's difference.Principals attribute this trend-which is also reflected in Class X board examination results-to the higher percentage of girls in the classroom . \"In my college, we have more female students than male. Girls also tend to be more serious about their studies,\" said Marie Fernandes , principal of St Andrew's College in Bandra (W).Other college principals made similar observations.However, when it comes to graduate and professional examinations , this trend is reversed with boys usually outperforming female candidates. According to experts, this can be blamed on a reversal in the male-female ratio at the graduate and post-graduate levels. \"The number of girls dwindles at professional levels like engineering , management, etc.A study by the NGO, Light of Trust, in 2011 showed that even though the rate of enrolment in schools was high, the drop-out rare at the graduate level was equally high. \"The government focuses on enrollment in schools, but forgets to keep tabs in the higher classes. In many cases, girls end up dropping out of education after SSC or HSC to either get married or find a job and earn money to support their family,\" said Villy Doctor , from Light of Life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13499124", "title": "Teenager gang-raped in Navi Mumbai; 1 arrested", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 17-year-old schoolgirl was gang-raped by two acquaintances in a car in Panvel taluka on Wednesday evening.One of the accused, Naresh Patil (21), has been arrested by the Panvel city police.A police official told TOI that the victim lodged a complaint only on Thursday.The accused, who are from the same village of the victim, offered her lift in a car, and raped her in a secluded place.They threatened her not to tell anyone about it. The victim is studying in ninth standard at a local school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521989", "title": "Cameron Diaz loved how breasts got bigger", "text": "Cameron Diaz couldn't stop bragging about her breasts while talking about her new film 'What to Expect When You're Expecting' as she openly flirted with veteran broadcaster, 86-year-old David Attenborough during a talk show.Describing her role in the movie, the actress talked a lot about the fake breasts and bump she sports in the film.\"The breasts got bigger and bigger, there was probably 15 of those weird silicon cutlet things in there,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying on 'The Graham Norton Show'.\"They were amazing and I was like, 'Wow these are awesome!' So I had to show them off to everyone shouting 'Look at these!' They looked very real,\" she said.The 39-year-old actress was still not done with her boob chat.\"We were shooting in Atlanta and it was very hot and it got very swampy here [waving her hands around her boobs] and by the end of filming these beautiful breasts were literally hanging down to my waist. \"I was so upset but thought, 'Well that's nature, that's what's going to happen anyhow',\" she added.Diaz also revealed in the show that she wanted to be a zoologist when she was younger, as she found animals so interesting.The actress said that she was always keen to work with animals when she grew up as she found them so interesting.Speaking to wildlife expert Attenborough on the show, she said: \"I am so excited to meet you, because I wanted to be a zoologist. I thought I would be one for my entire life and I did end up studying animals, but human animals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13505045", "title": "House tax: High court vacates stay, decks cleared for 2% hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Disposing of a writ petition challenging increase in house tax in Allahabad city, the Allahabad High Court on Friday vacated its stay order granted earlier and held that the minimum monthly rate of rent notified by the municipal commissioner, Nagar Nigam Allahabad, on June 18, 2010 (effective April 1, 2011) is valid.By this order, it was resolved to increase the house tax by 2 per cent.However, the division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice Pankaj Naqvi directed that all those owners of properties in the municipal limits of Allahabad, who are liable to pay the property tax, shall be entitled to file objections to the individual assessments of their properties by the Nagar Nigam.The objections regarding carpet area or covered area of a building, calculations, area of land or other rebates should be given in writing to the municipal commissioner within one month from the date of publication of fresh public notice by the municipal commissioner.The objection will be confined to the individual assessment regarding calculation of the area.The Court directed that municipal commissioner or officers authorised by him will dispose of the objections after giving objectors an opportunity of being heard with reasons ordered.The petitioner, corporator Shiv Sewak Singh, Congress MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh and corporator Kamlesh Singh had questioned the authority, manner and process of increase in the property tax levied on the properties situated within the municipal limits of Allahabad by municipal commissioner, Nagar Nigam Allahabad, for the year 2011-2012.They had challenged the enhancements of the rates of rent and assessments of house tax by municipal commissioner, Allahabad from April 1, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13518436", "title": "Building a six-pack for my next role: Ganesh Prasad", "text": "Actor Ganesh Prasad, who hails from Coimbatore and made his debut in the revenge drama Padai Soozha last March, now has bigger offers coming his way, and has developed a six-pack for his role in Sandarpam, a psychotic love story which is expected to release by the end of June.Ganesh learnt the nuances of acting from a retired professor of a film institute, stunts from Pandian master (who coaches stars like Surya, Karthi, Arya and Jeyam Ravi ) and dance from Jayanthi master, sister of the popular Kala master .\"I have believed in doing full justice to the characters I play on screen, and am a firm believer that a hero needs to be in great shape to carry out his role with conviction. This is why I sweated it out in the gym to sport a six-pack for my next role,\" Ganesh points out.Though he would like to experiment with off-beat roles, Ganesh is an ardent lover of action films.He takes acting tips from late thespian Sivaji Ganesan . \"I have taken a lot of inspiration from watching Sivaji Ganesan classics like Navarathri and Puthiya Paravai which are among my favourite films,\" he says.Ganesh is currently working on two projects, Sandarpam and 143, a comic love story.\"I have also signed up for a Tamil and Telugu film with big directors, both of which are untitled projects. Details of these two projects will be known in a week's time,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13518292", "title": "Cheryl Cole to sing at Queen's Diamond Jubilee concert", "text": "Cheryl Cole, who had not been named among the official stars set to perform at Queen's Diamond Jubilee concert, will now be performing in the concert.The 28-year-old star will be performing live in front of a global audience for the first time in more than 12 months, when she sings for the Queen on June 4.She may even sing a duet with the organiser Gary Barlow .\"There are already huge names appearing on the bill but Cheryl is the cherry on top,\" the Mirror quoted a show source as saying.\"She is one of the biggest stars in Britain and will ensure young people tune into the concert.\"\"She doesn't do many live appearances but when Gary asked her she couldn't turn him or the Queen down,\" the source said.\"She is promising a spectacular performance and I am sure the Princes will all be happy she is on the bill,\" the source added.Cheryl had hinted about her concert appearance in an online video this week.While speaking to Elle magazine in Cannes, she pointed at a Roberto Cavalli dress and said: \"It may come to the Jubilee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13523382", "title": "Israeli man divorces wife for not getting rid of her 550 cats", "text": "LONDON: A man in Israel has divorced his wife because she refused to get rid of her 550 cats.The court in the southern Israeli town of Beersheba urged the couple to attempt a reconciliation, but the wife refused to part with her feline friends, which apparently meant more to her than her husband, the Daily Mail reported.According to the Times of Israel, the man told the Rabbinical Court that there were so many cats in the house that he was unable to sleep in his own bed.The cats would refuse to sleep on the floor, preferring his comfortable bed, and there were so many running around the house he was unable to use the bathroom.In the kitchen, the furry animals made it near impossible to prepare meals in the kitchen.\"When he sat to eat, cats jumped onto the table and stole his food,\" the Times of Israel revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500099", "title": "Seniors\u2019 criticism of lower court judges denting judiciary: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has admitted that a growing tendency in superior courts to berate lower court judges for apparent mistakes in orders and judgments was denting the judiciary's credibility.The apex court said its judgments advising superior court judges to exercise restraint and use temperate and sober language while dealing with appeals against orders passed by lower court judges had fallen on deaf ears. \"Such unwarranted observations, instead of enhancing the respect for the judiciary, create concavity in the hierarchical system and bring the judiciary downhill.... Further, the trend seems to be persistent like an incurable cancerous cell which explodes out at the slightest imbalance,\" said a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Dipak Misra.A superior court judge was expected to maintain \"sobriety, calmness, dispassionate reasoning and poised restraint\" even when he felt strongly about the lack of merit and faults in an order passed by a lower court judge, the bench said.The bench removed the Allahabad high court single judge's caustic observations against Bulandshahar chief judicial magistrate Amar Pal Singh. Expressing deep anguish at the intemperate language used by the HC judge against the CJM, the bench clarified that it was not commenting on the merits of the order which was challenged before the HC.Justice Misra, writing the judgment for the bench, quoted orders of the apex court spanning four decades on this issue and said superior court judges must understand the difference between sending a message and issuing a rebuke.\"A judge is required to maintain decorum and sanctity which are inherent in judicial discipline and restraint. A judge functioning at any level has dignity in the eyes of public and credibility of the entire system is dependent on use of dignified language and sustained restraint, moderation and sobriety,\" the bench said.The SC said judiciary's independence was inseparable from its credibility. \"Unwarranted comments on the judicial officer creates a dent in the credibility and consequently leads to some kind of erosion and affects the conception of rule of law,\" it added. \"The sanctity of decision making process should not be confused with sitting on a pulpit and delivering sermons which defy decorum because it is obligatory on the part of superior courts to take recourse to correctional measures,\" the bench said. Allowing the CJM's appeal, the apex court said, \"Perceptions of fact and application of law may be erroneous but that never warrants such kind of observations and directions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13510666", "title": "On the run, Air Force officer lands in police net yet again", "text": "AMBALA: An Air Force officer, who had been on the run after giving Air Force guard a slip on May 12 night, finally landed in police net on Wednesday. Currently admitted to Command Hospital, Chandimandir, Wing Commander Shanshank Shekhar was apprehended by a joint team of Ambala police and a team of Provost (Air Force police) from Sadanand Shantanand Ashram of Dehradun.Shekhar is facing criminal proceedings under section 51A of Indian Air Force Act after he had gone missing since October last year. He was rounded up from the same ashram on May 11. Three days after being in custody of Air Force gaurds, he managed to escape.Following this, a case was registered against him at Sadar police station, Ambala Cantt on the complaint of squadron leader, Air Force, Ambala, A K Chauhan.Meanwhile, a joint team of Ambala police headed by sub-inspector was stationed at Dehradun as it was felt that Shekhar might visit the ashram to get his baggage and other belongings. As expected, he landed in police hands on Wednesday night.\"Since then, he is admitted in Command Hospital. Once doctors declare him fit to give statement and capable of joining the investigations, we shall initiate proceedings for his arrest. We are also trying to identify the persons who could have helped him escape from custody,\" said Suresh Dalal, sub-inspector, Regiment Bazaar police Station, Ambala Cantt.Asked about the case, deputy police commissioner (rural) Ambala, who also is holding additional charge of DCP (urban), Naznin Bhasin, confirmed the development but expressed inability to divulge details.\"I do not want to say anything about it right now and will issue a press release later,'' she said.Hailing from Ambala, Shekhar had disappeared from Ambala Air Force station on October 24, 2011 without taking any leave or informing anybody. According to departmental sources, he had been mentally upset for long after his divorce. In between, he was transferred to Amritsar, but instead of reporting at Amritsar, he disappeared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "13503327", "title": "JSEB snaps power supply to BCCL quarters in Sindri", "text": "SINDRI: The JSEB has disconnected power supply to nearly 800 quarters allotted to BCCL employees in Sindri. The JSEB claims to have taken the decision to realize its dues from the BCCL management. However, the BCCL employees and their family members find the decision inhumane and made an appeal to the BCCL management and the JSEB authorities to restore power supply without further delay.It can be mentioned here that the Sindri fertilizer factory management has leased out nearly 1000 quarters for BCCL employees. At present nearly 851 quarters are occupied by BCCL employees. As per the agreement with trade unions, the BCCL provides free power to its employees and bear the charges. According to Kameshwar Thakur, area junior engineer of JSEB, the dues on BCCL has gone up to Rs 3 crore and despite repeated reminders, the BCCL management has not paid the dues. Forced by the circumstances, the JSEB authorities directed us to disconnect power supply to quarters occupied by BCCL employees, he added and informed that power supply to nearly 800 quarters has been snapped in the last two days and disconnection for the rest of the quarters would be carried out in a day or two.We understand the agony faced by the family members of the employees owing to the hot spell, but we are bound to obey the directives of the seniors, he added.However the BCCL employees and their family members are seething with anger over the JSEB decision. Employees have convened a meeting in SL2 colony on Friday evening to chalk out an agitation plan demanding restoration of power in their colonies.JSEB dues worth hundreds of crores from different government departments have not been realized for years but it never took such harsh steps for realizing the dues in the past, said ward councilor Dinesh Singh who visited the affected colony on Friday to express solidarity with the BCCL employees. The BCCL employees have decided to lodge protest before the project officers of their respective collieries. Children and the elderly have not gone to bed for last two days and unable to bear the heat, many of them have fallen sick, they informed.Surprisingly enough, power connection to nearly two dozen JSEB consumers in Rangamati locality of the town have also been disconnected in the process. The consumers in a signed memorandum to area assistant engineer of JSEB have demanded immediate restoration of power supply to their houses. When asked, JSEB officials admitted their mistake and assured to restore power, soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499939", "title": "Woman, kids found dead in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within hours of lodging a police complaint about her husband and his family harassing her, a 26-year-old woman was found dead along with her children at her house in the Mehrauli area on Friday evening.Cops suspect that the woman, Vineeta Katara, committed suicide after killing her son and daughter, Harsh (2) and Harshita (4).Circumstantial evidence suggests that Katara first strangled her son and then hung her daughter from the ceiling fan in her two bedroom flat. Then she must have gone to the other room and killed herself, said police.Later in the day, the woman's husband Deepak Katara, who works at AIIMS, was detained for questioning. He was not present in the house at the time of the incident. A case of abetment to suicide and other appropriate sections has been registered at the Mehrauli police station.Sources say that the woman had called up her family members around 3pm and briefed them about her situation before she committed suicide. Cops received a call around 3.30pm and rushed to the spot.Neighbours say that the differences between the couple were not evident from their behaviour. \"Vineeta was a friendly person. She had borrowed a chair from me in the afternoon. I had no idea that she would resort to such an extreme step,\" said one of Vineeta's neighbours.Early on Friday, the woman had submitted a written complaint to the SHO at the Mehrauli police station about her being continuously harassed by her husband after marriage. She had remained silent all this while only for the sake of her children, she said in the complaint. She had alleged that she was often beaten up by her husband and that nobody in the family showed any concern for her, said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13507386", "title": "Bargarh reaps problem of plenty with paddy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A bumper crop has failed to cheer farmers in Odisha's rice bowl of Bargarh district. The district had set a target to procure two lakh metric tons of rice out of the state's six lakh mt target in the ongoing Rabi season.The farmers alleged that the exceptionally good yield has slowed the process of procurement in the district. \"One has to wait for three to four days in the market yard to sell their produce and payments are being made around two weeks later. We fear several farmers will not be able to sell before monsoon,\" said Siba Pradhan, a farmer.Pradhan said the government-issued identity card allowed a farmer to sell 36 bags of paddy per acre.\"Those who have reaped more than this amount would be forced to go for distress sale of paddy. Middlemen were encashing on the situation by using cards of farmers with less than 36 bags of produce to sell the paddy bought by them,\" he said. \"Besides, several farmers without identity were forced to sell their produce to middlemen at Rs 100 less than the minimum support price of Rs 810,\" he added.Paddy procurement started in Bargarh on May 10. While 11.5 lakh bags of (of 75kg each) were procured in Atabira regulated market committee (RMC), two lakh bags were bought at Bargarh RMC. Around 1.5 lakh bags were lying at Atabira and 40,000 bags at Bargarh.Millers said the slow start was primarily due to two reasons: While several millers who could not meet their 50 per cent procurement target last season were not allowed to purchase. Secondly, many godowns of millers were still filled with rice not lifted by FCI. \"Only 48 of the 87 mills in the districts were allowed to procure initially, which was later increased to 60 along with 9 mills from outside the district,\" said Laxmi Das, president of Bargarh District Rice Millers' Association.Another reason why farmers have to wait a few days with their produce in the yard is because they are bringing paddy with high moisture content.If it lies in the sun for a day or two, the content goes down to the admissible level of below 17 per cent, Das said.The district administration, however, is confident the procurement will be over much before the monsoon.\"We have a target to buy 50 lakh bags of paddy. We are planning to revise the target keeping in mind the good harvest. Over 14 lakh bags have already been procured in 10 to 12 days,\" said Bargarh district collector Bhabagrahi Mishra.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday, urging the Centre to shift one lakh mt rice per month from the state godowns. Odisha procured 21.61 lakh mt of paddy in 2011-12 khariff season, all of which is lying in the godowns of millers and Odisha State Civil Supplies Corporation (OSCSC) in the form of either paddy or rice. Besides, 1.5 lakh mt rice stock out of 24.98 lakh mt procured in 2010-11 khariff season is also lying in these godowns. While the state had consumed 22.5 lakh mt, FCI had moved only 1 lakh mt of rice out of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13503789", "title": "Income ceiling to buy farm land may be increased", "text": "BANGALORE: In the run-up to the June 7-8 Global Investors Meet, Karnataka is set to amend a 51-year-old statute which bars people having an annual income above Rs 2 lakh from buying farm land.The state may amend Section 79-A of the Karnataka Land Reforms Act, 1961, to allow non-agriculturalists with income up to Rs 6 lakh to purchase agricultural land.There are hints that this figure might be raised further or scrapped altogether. Citing the Andhra Pradesh model, some ministers are in favour of scrapping the ceiling.If the government sticks to the Rs 6-lakh ceiling, then the amendment will not have much impact. It's unlikely that anybody wanting to set up an industry will have such a low declared annual income.The revenue department proposed the amendment after years of deliberation. \"The Rs 2-lakh ceiling was appropriate in 1960s, but times have changed. Many industries and business houses have built a strong presence and increased the earning capacity of the people. Therefore, an amendment to this act is necessary,\" sources told TOI.Moves are afoot to amend Section 109, which says some pieces of land must be exempted from certain provisions. Powers of the deputy commissioner to exempt land from the provisions of the Land Reforms Act are likely to be delegated to the assistant commissioner.Further, Section 118 of the Act will be amended giving powers to the government, instead of the revenue tribunal, to review deputy commissioners' orders on land disputes, a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051346", "title": "Who's 'Mannat' is this?", "text": "Although the songs of the upcoming Bhatt camp flick Jism 2 haven't been officially launched yet but a leaked song from the movie is already creating a buzz on few leading video sharing website these days.A song named Mannat that has been tagged as the official song of the upcoming Bhatt camp flick Jism 2 is getting thousands of hits everyday. And, is also being lauded by the visitors for its lyrics and composition that is going viral among the fans these days.Stunned by the supposition that Mannat song is the official one from movie Jism 2 , Delhi based Rockband, Laqksh, says that the song is their own and is being highlighted as the official song of the movie without even seeking the permission from band. The band Laqksh comprises of lead vocalist and guitarist Nipun Kohli and Savya Chaturvedi who both are B. Tech. passouts from Jaypee institute, Noida and keep performing for IIT's and other colleges of India.Rohan Kohli, PR of the Laqksh band says, \"Mannat is our song that we released an year ago. And it was liked by all our fans. But, now what we are hearing is that the song is being used in an upcoming movie Jism 2. The videos on a social networking sites too are tagged with heads official song from Jism 2 . So here we would like to make it very clear that nobody from the Bhatt camp did approached to us prior to this and it's very disheartening that the song composed of one's own intellect is being used by someone for their own promotion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13506389", "title": "UK-based kingpin of piracy racket asked to surrender", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The anti-piracy cell (APC) of the state police is all set to strike the final nail on the coffin of piracy rackets that has plagued the Malayalam film industry by summoning the kingpin of the racket, Premkumar, all the way from United Kingdom , where he had based his operations.According to APC officials, Premkumar, a native of Varkala in the district, is the brain behind the piracy operations that was going on in the state.\"We have contacted Premkumar in UK and asked him to surrender. We told him that if he was not willing to surrender, we would make things difficult for him by extraditing him via the Ministry of External Affairs. And he agreed to surrender,\" said anti-piracy cell DySP S Rafeek.He said that Premkumar used to send huge sums of money to the Sudhakar and Asok, father-son duo from Bangalore, who were arrested on Thursday. The duo would use the money to lure theatre staff in helping them to record the movies while they were being screened in theatres.The DySP added that there was one more racketeer based in Chennai. However, the DySP did not reveal his name. \"We have identified the person and traced his whereabouts. A special team has already been dispatched to Chennai to apprehend him,\" he said.The father-son duo, who was arrested on Thursday used to send digital copies of movies stored in secure digital (SD) cards to Premkumar and the person in Chennai. While Premkumar uploaded the movie files on to internet, the guy in Chennai produced DVDs and CDs of the movies. These would then be sold to wholesale dealers and retailers like the vendors in Beemapally.Meanwhile, an APC team led by DySP S Rafeek has set out to Bangalore with Sudhakar and Asok to collect evidence.The arrest of Premkumar and the Chennai based racketeer would mark the end of the organized piracy activities that have been nagging the film industry in the state for over the last six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13505975", "title": "Modify over-bridge at Gandhipuram: Coimbatore MP PR Natarajan", "text": "COIMBATORE: The proposal to construct a three tier over-bridge at Gandhipuram in the city is expected to undergo some changes from its initial proposal.The district administration has called for a meeting on June 15 to finalise the basic design of the project after some opposition to the initial proposal. The latest objection has been lodged by Coimbatore MP PR Natarajan who has submitted a petition to district collector M Karunagaran on Friday, citing that underpasses have been a failure in the city as similar structures on Avinashi Road and Lanka Corner are constantly getting waterlogged during the rainy season, resulting in traffic congestion. He has also cited that if the underpass is scrapped from the design then the total cost of the project could be considerably reduced.\"There is no requirement for a three tier over-bridge and the project should be modified and made more viable and practical in design and execution,\" said PR Natarajan in his official petition.The district collector said that a meeting of all senior officials from the concerned departments will be convened on June 15 to finalise the project before it is sent to Chennai for final clearance.The local MP has also sought for a revision and quick action in the long pending compensation issue for farmers whose agricultural land was acquired for the expansion of Bharathiar University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "13510827", "title": "Forest fires around Kalesar park keep foresters, wildlife staff on tenterhooks", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: The recent incidence of fires in the forest reserves of Kalesar National Park has exposed the risk posed to wildlife there, making officials of forests and wildlife department struggle for days on end.Since fires have broke out in non-feasible areas for fire tenders, this has added to the problems of ill-equipped officials of forest department, who have to douse the flames with help from residents of villages around the forest reserves, spread over an areas of 100 sq kms, touching the borders of Haryana with Himachal Pardesh and Uttar Pardesh.Recently, was the incident on the night intervening Thursday and the forest gaurds, wildlife gaurds and villagers were making attempts to douse the fire with the help of green trees and water sprinklers with the help of boosters.Animals having habitat in forest reserves in and around Kalesar National Park include elephents, panthers, sambhar, cheetal, red jungle fowl and reptiles like common crate, cobra, porcupines, hares and wild boars.\"Natural habitats of the animals and elephant shelters are around 40 to 45 km away from the place where fire broke out. Animals have sufficient space to move to safety in case of fire. Elephant shelter was also around 45 km from the fire incident spot. Secondly, elephants are not there in the shelters so far. We controlled the fire at the spot on priority since it adjoined the animal-occupied place,\" said Satpal Dhiman, wildlife inspector.Referring to Thursday night's fire, wildlife officials said that it started from Himachal area and spread to areas falling under the jurisdiction of Haryana.Asked about the latest situation, Rajesh Gulia, district forest officer told TOI over phone, \"There is no need to worry. The fire is almost under control. It spread from jungles in Himachal region, but we managed to control it. Often, we take help from villagers in controlling the fire. Around 2,000 residents of Kalesar village have always been helpful in handling the situation.\"Fire Incidents in and around Kalesar parkMay 10: Fire broke out in the inner areas of forest reserves. Flames doused with help from local villagers.May 11: Fire broke out following burning of dry leaves in areas adjoining Kalesar-Yamunanagar link road. Brought under control after three hours of efforts.May 18: Fire occurred in Herbal Park adjoining Kalesar National Park. Wildlife gaurds and villagers controlled the flames before it could spread to forest reserves.May 20: Fire broke out in the forest reserves of Kalesar Park again, flames doused with help from local villagers.May 23: Fire broke out from Himachal side and spread to forest reserves in Haryana. Villagers and wildlife officials fight flames till late night hours of Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13508331", "title": "Stubble burning: Two farmers arrested", "text": "PATIALA: The Patiala administration ban on stubble burning in the district are only on paper was proved again when a few farmers set stubble on their fields on fire near Nabha gas bottling plant, putting lakhs of area residents to a grave risk of blast at the plant.Though farmers set their land on fire during daytime, it continued for many hours. It was doused by the plant authorities when it reached near the main outer wall of the plant. Police and civil administration remained a mute spectator.The 273-km Panipat-Jalandhar LPG pipeline has an intermediate delivery station for feeding Indian Oil's LPG bottling plant at Nabha. The pipeline has a capacity of 7,00,000 MT to optimally transport LPG from Panipat to Nabha and Jalandhar.Though Nabha police have registered a case under section of 188 IPC (for violating ban orders) against Misra Singh and Hardev Singh from Kakrala village, both were released on bail immediately after their arrest.A majority of area farmers had been burning stubble for many days near the bottling plant, but it's for the first time they had been booked. Many claimed they did not know about the ban while others said they did not have any alternative.\"I have not seen anyone announcing the ban. We don't have any other way to clear our land for the next crop,\" said Shingara Singh, whose land is near the plant.ASI Shivdev Singh, posted at the Nabha police station, said they had arrested both farmers and later released them on bail. \"We have increased patrolling in the area to prevent any further fire near the plant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499798", "title": "East-west divide: All is not well in healthcare in Maharashtra's eastern districts", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not only drought relief efforts that have drawn allegations of bias towards western Maharashtra. Data from the government's District-level Household and Facility Survey (DLHS-3) indicates an unhealthy disparity between districts.Eastern parts of the state, particularly Gadchiroli, Yavatmal, Hingoli and Amravati, and the northernmost tip of Nandurbar notch dismally poorer health indicators than the rest of the state, in w. This, health experts believe, is the outcome of several years of neglect in services offered to people in those areas. The disparity is glaring even if richer cities of Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur are left out.On most parameters of basic maternal and child healthcare, either eastern districts of Nagpur division or the tribal-dominated Nandurbar district in northmost Maharashtra show up as worst performers. Only 34% of women in eastern Gadchiroli and northern Nandurbar had safe deliveries, a shameful statistic if compared to the over 90% of women who had safe deliveries in most western parts such as Satara and Kolhapur.Where full immunization is concerned, less than 50% of children in Gadchiroli, Nandurbar and Dhule received all their shots, majorly lagging behind western districts of Satara, Sangli and Ahmednagar, which impressively cover over 85% of their toddlers.The dismal picture is perhaps an outcome of the fact that healthcare facilities, too, have been unequally divided. \"The distribution of 293 community health centres (CHCs) is uneven: Pune has 21 CHCs while Hingoli just three,\" points out the report. The DLHS-3 surveyed over 37,000 households and 40,000 women in the state in 2007-08 and its findings were submitted to the government only recently.Health officials claim such inequities in infrastructure have been eliminated. But activists are not convinced. Paediatrician and health activist Abhay Bang, who works in Gadchiroli, said it is worth analysing how many healthcare centres actually function. \"Providing equal facilities across the districts is not an answer. If regions are unequal, backward parts of eastern Maharashtra should receive more attention and funding,\" he said.Abhay Shukla of voluntary organization CEHAT said, \"The universalization of healthcare services where everyone has access to good quality public healthcare is the only way out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13505970", "title": "Two killed in road accidents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons were killed in spearate accidents in rural Coimbatore on Friday.In the first incident, a 16-year-old boy was killed after his bike was hit by a speeding goods van. According to polcie, the deceased has been identified as P Kathirvel of Thoppampattiyanur near Annur. Kathirvel worked in a private company and was on his way back from work. As soon as he reached Ayammapudur junction, a speeding goods van hit him.Kathirvel sustained grievous head injuries in the accident and died on the spot. The Annur police have arrested the car driver J Amir of Mettupalayam.In another accident, a 65-year-old man died after a speeding car rammed his moped.The deceased has been identified as K Chellappan of Kangayampalayam. He was on his way back home when his vehicle was hit by a speeding car near a middle school on the Trichy road near Kangeyampalayam. Chellapan sustained serious injuries and died on the spot. Sulur police have registered a case and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499954", "title": "Government official hangs self in Mayur Vihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: An information officer posted at Directorate of Advertising &amp; Visual Publicity (DAVP) committed suicide at his east Delhi house on Friday. His body was found hanging from a ceiling fan. However, no suicide note has been found, said cops.The body of Jagjeet Singh Bindra, 54, was discovered by his family members at his Mayur Vihar-II residence on Friday afternoon. During the time of the incident, his wife had gone to a gurudwara along with their children. They returned around 2pm only to find him hanging from the fan. They rushed him to a nearby hospital but he was declared brought dead, said a senior police official.Bindra was recently transferred to Dehradun but he often skipped work as he didn't like to travel. He had gone into depression after his transfer orders, said a police officer. Cops suspect job-related stress could be a plausible reason behind his death. However, the exact reason is yet to be ascertained, added the official.Bindra was posted as a Class-I officer in the central government's DAVP department. He had been undergoing treatment for depression for some years, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13524301", "title": "RP Singh ruled out of India A tour to West Indies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paceman RP Singh , who played for Mumbai Indians in the ongoing Indian Premier League, was on Saturday ruled out of the India 'A' tour of the West Indies, due to a knee injury.\"He has been advised a week's rest, after which he will be reporting to the NCA for further injury management,\" a BCCI release said.The All-India Selection Committee has picked Parvinder Awana as his replacement in the India 'A' squad for the West Indies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13504591", "title": "Patwari couple in lokayukta net", "text": "INDORE: Lokayukta police, Ujjain on Friday arrested a patwari couple red-handed while they were accepting a bribe of Rs 3,000. Amita Upadhyay and her husband Viresh Upadhyay were later released on bail. They were allegedly taking bribe from one Md Insaf to change the ownership of property. DSP YP Singh, who led the investigations, said that Md Dilshad used to live at Gomachha Darwaja and owns two plots at Filchipur in the name of his mother. He wanted some modification in the plot ownership papers and for this, he had applied a few days ago. Patwari Amita Upadhyay was supposed to complete the formalities but she asked the applicant to meet her husband Viresh Upadhyay, who is also a patwari. Viresh allegedly asked for Rs 3,000 as a bribe to change the owner's name. Dilshad reported the issue to lokayukta, and in turn the officials laid a trap. They arrested couple from their home at Patel, after they accepted money from Insaf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13518216", "title": "Britney Spears denies storming off X Factor set", "text": "Britney Spears has denied claims that she walked off the US X Factor set, after a contestant performed her single 'Hold It Against Me'.TMZ report said that Spears got annoyed when one hopeful started performing her tune 'Hold It Against Me .'And rather than laughing it off, Spears apparently pushed her chair back and left the judging panel.Later members of the audience claimed that the singer looked visibly upset, with the term '#britneywalksoff' beginning to trend on Twitter.After returning to the panel, Spears tweeted: \"Texas has a lot of talent - seriously! Loving @TheXFactorUSA auditions so far...\"But after she heard that she'd been accused of walking off, Britney wrote another tweet , explaining her version of events.\"#Britneywalksoff ??? LOL was just taking a little break people. I am having the BEST time!!!\" the Mirror quoted her as tweeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13505151", "title": "Woman arrested for helping criminals procure bail", "text": "INDORE: A woman involved in helping get bail to others allegedly with her fake identity, was arrested on Thursday.Police said that wanted for the past few months Maya Tiwari, wife of Omprakash Tiwari and resident of MG Road locality, was arrested from Azaad Nagar in the evening.According to police, she had procured a fake document of ownership of a house though she did not own any and reportedly lived as a tenant. She used the fake papers to help more than a dozen criminals procure bail. She is also charged of submitting fake records in courts, said police.Police managed to get photocopy of the identity card of the accused woman. With the help of the card, police reached to her residence, it got to know that she has shifted somewhere else. However, police managed to arrest her from the present residence with the help of localites, said police.The accused woman hails from Chhatarpur and has five children. Her financial condition is not well. Police said that she was being paid Rs 300 per bail.The woman has been booked under sections 420, 468 and 471 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503189", "title": "NGO writes to Kadamba Transport Corporation over overcharging of public toilet users", "text": "PANAJI: Civic action group GOACAN urged the Kadamba Transport Corporation Ltd (KTCL) to initiate steps to stop the overcharging of consumers using public toilets at the KTC bus stands across Goa.GOACAN coordinator Roland Martins alleged that a contractor at the Panaji Kadamba bus stand had displayed a board with rates of 1 but had overwritten on the same and was charging 2 instead. He suggested that the KTCL monitor the operation of the toilets in the interest of the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13505900", "title": "Farmers seek action against ganja growers", "text": "COIMBATORE: Farmers from forest fringes approached district collector M Karunagaran and forest officials to intensify combing operations against ganja cultivators, who occupy forests in the Western Ghats. Elephants stray into human settlements as ganja cultivators use rubber bullets against them, farmers say.The collector conducted a farmer's grievance meeting at the collectorate on Friday morning. Vivasayigal Sangam district secretary P Kandasamy said at the meeting that anti-social elements had been planting ganja in the Western Ghats including Walayar, Anaikatti and Mazhampuzha forests. When elephant herds try to cross the Tamil Nadu-Kerala forest border, the cultivators use rubber bullets against them. Consequently, the herd changes its path and enters agricultural fields in Thondamuthur, Perur, Thadagam and Anaikatti areas.Anti-social elements cultivate ganja in Tamil Nadu forest limits also. Farmers allege that Kerala and Tamil Nadu forest officials fail to take action against ganja cultivators. Only if proper action is taken, wild elephants will not enter agricultural fields, said Kandasamy. Farmers also urged the state government to fix a radio collar in one of the elephants of a herd so that they can be monitored by forest officials. It can also help the forest officials to send back the herd into the forest when they try to enter the agricultural fields.The collector assured farmers that proper action would be taken against ganja cultivators.District Forest Officer (DFO) V Thirunavukarasu said that they have already destroyed ganja cultivated on 1.5 acres in Parapatti forest area. In addition, departmental action had been taken against five forest officials who were suspended.\"We are camping at Parapatti and Narasipuram forest beats which are vulnerable to ganja cultivation,\" said Thirunavukarasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13506352", "title": "College gets 100% fighting odds", "text": "MANGALORE: The Government Composite PU College in Muthoor, Mangalore taluk has secured 100% results consecutively for the third time. What makes the achievement stand out is that the college has managed it without out enough number of teachers and facilities like classrooms, toilets and drinking water.Of the 48 students, who appeared for the examination this year, 39 came out successful with first class and one secured distinction. This is despite the fact that the posts of lecturers of English, History and Economics had remained vacant for the past one year.The college, which was started in 2006-07, still functioning out of two congested rooms of the Government High School, Muthoor. Principal of the college does not have a chamber for himself and is forced to sit along with high school teachers. Principal V Nagaraj told TOI that despite several requests no steps had been made by the government to provide basic facilities to the school.\"We achieved this only because of the hard work put in by the teachers and students. I had written several times to ministers and officials concerned on various issues faced by the school. I have also met them to discuss the problem. However, so far nothing has happened,\" he added.The first batch of the college had recorded 85% results in the PU examination held in 2007-08. The college bagged cent per cent results in 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12. While in 2009-10, 34 students appeared for the exam, in 2010-11 55 students took the test. Majority of the students in the college are from poor families and belong to backward communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500741", "title": "\u2018Not more than Rs 50 for affidavits\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: With notarized affidavits now being allowed while filing applications for various certificates required by students for higher education, officials have appealed to citizens to ensure that they do not pay more than Rs 50 per document.\"The work of collecting the applications for the various certificates at Setu office has now been delegated to the various centres run by Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL). Applications filed online by individuals will also be accepted. As such, the students are required to file affidavits at some stage. They can file for notarized affidavits, but ensure that they do not pay more than Rs 50 per affidavit,\" said Collector P Velrasu.As the HSC results have been declared, students and their parents will soon flood the Setu offices across the city. There are four Setu centres operating in Nashik - at MERI in Panchavati, Revenue Commissioner's Office at Nashik Road, NMC Divisional Office at Satpur, Sambhaji Stadium at CIDCO. In addition, 25 MKCL centres located in the various areas of the city will operate for the convenience of the citizens.\"There are no time restrictions at the centres. Besides, they will have to pay only Rs 5 per print as per the agreement. All the applications will be collected the same day and processed,\" a senior official informed.Another senior official added that citizens who find themselves being cheated by notaries could ask for receipts of the sum and file a police complaint. They could also complain about the same to law and judiciary department of the state and central government.The work of collecting the applications for various certificates has now been delegated to MKCL centres. Applications filed online will also be accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13499194", "title": "12 flats burgled in a night in Kharghar housing society", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Thieves broke into 12 flats in a housing society in Kharghar, Sector 8, while the house owners were out on summer vacations.Kharghar police told TOI that the crime took place late on Wednesday night at Shree Shanti Niketan cooperative housing society, near Little Mall, but the victims registered complaints only after returning to the city.While some local watchmen have been picked up by the cops for questioning, the total loss of goods and valuables is still to be estimated.A society resident, Dilip Kadam, told TOI: \"The thieves only targeted flats whose residents had gone on holiday. It means they had full knowledge about flats in our three wings in our housing complex.''Kadam, who lives on the seventh floor, added that the thieves used metal cutting tools to break the front-door locks and enter silently.The residents added that while two of the 12 flats were unoccupied and empty, the others were ransacked. They estimated that the goods and valuables stolen were totally worth at least Rs 10 lakh. But the police said that they were waiting for all flat-owners to give their statements and then estimate the losses.On whether they suspected watchmen to be involved, an official said: \"We are questioning the two society watchmen and security guards of neighbouring buildings. Usually, during the summer, criminals try to find out who are going to their native places, and then loot those flats.'' The police have urged residents to secure flats properly in case they are going out of town, and to use hi-tech security gadgets in societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13505622", "title": "IPL 5: For KKR, it's the native knights that are shining", "text": "CHENNAI: Though the focus has always been on the big name foreign signings in the IPL, often it is the performances of the seven Indian players that has proved vital for the teams.The Chennai Super Kings have been well served by M Vijay and R Ashwin. For the Kolkata Knight Riders , it is Debabrata Das and Laxmi Ratan Shukla, who have put their hands up this season when the chips were down.The fact that it has taken them so long to reach a final baffles many as KKR have always been one of the stronger sides on paper.So why has it taken them so long? Laxmi Ratan Shukla does not want to dwell on the past; he is only thinking about the final now. \"We are focused on the present. We have done well this season and we will continue to give it our best, hopefully things continue to go well,\" he told TOI on Friday.A first final can be a cause for nerves and pressure but Das does not want to get carried away by the occasion, \"I don't see it as extra pressure. Every match is important so I will try to play my own game and do my job for the team.\" Both Das and Shukla praised the efforts of teammates as well, \"Both Indian and foreign players have done well this season (for KKR). We have clicked as a unit.\"Das also appreciated the inputs of skipper Gautam Gambhir , \"Gauti has always asked me to play my own game. He has always told me to relax and focus on my game. He has assured me that there is no pressure and that has helped me do well.\"Winning an IPL is special, winning it for your local franchise is even more special. Shukla though is not thinking about that yet, \"I'm not thinking about what will happen after the match. I am focused on the next match. We have been playing well, but there is still one more game to go. We must not lose focus.\"Das is least bothered which team KKR will meet in the final, \"The opposition doesn't make a difference to our efforts. Regardless of the opposition, we will give it our best shot.\"Shukla also wanted to thank the fans and well wishers who have supported the team throughout, \"We would like to thank our supporters. Their support has always helped us do well. We hope we can give them something in return through our performances. We hope we can make them happy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13505023", "title": "Review meet of North Eastern Railway held", "text": "VARANASI: A number of railway issues including rail safety and security, safety of railway employees, punctuality, increased revenue generation, cutting in expenditures, extension of passengers' facilities and curbing train accidents featured prominently in the day-long review meeting of NER (Varanasi division) on Friday.Presiding over the meeting, general manager, NER, KBL Mittal said that all the 120 railway stations under NER (Varanasi division) had been equipped with unreserved ticketing system (UTS). He also expressed satisfaction over increased revenue generation with income of Rs 356.72 cr, an increase of 6.74% in the March month this year, as compared to the corresponding period last year. He also added that efforts would be made to increase revenue by attracting loading agricultural produce, forest products, wheat seeds, paper and plywood in the region.Earlier, GM, NER inaugurated the newly developed 'Gyan Kasauti' module which simplifies the technical information to increase efficiency of employees on the occasion. A number of senior officials including DRM, NER (Varanasi division), Lalit Kapoor were also present on the occasion.Executive Engineers transferred: A total of 29 executive engineers belonging to Poorvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd (PVVNL) were transferred to various zones in the region on Friday.As per reports of PVVNL office, the list of transfer as per instructions of managing director, VV Pant includes as many as five out of six executive engineers under urban electricity distribution division (UEDD) in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13505142", "title": "Rare feat: Some Mumbai colleges report 100% success in HSC exams", "text": "MUMBAI: At least 31 city colleges have reason to celebrate While Mumbai's over-all performance in the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) board examination is less than stellar when compared to previous years, many colleges have reported that all their students have cleared the Class XII board examination. At least four of these colleges have a class strength of more than 300 students. The fact that all the candidates have passed is a rare occurrence, say principals and professors.At SIES College of Commerce and Economics in Sion, the college authorities were happy to note that all 480 students cleared the examination. \"This is the third time we have got a cent per cent result. The last time we enjoyed this kind of success was a decade ago. It feels great to regain our status ,\" said Minu Thomas, principal of the college.She added that the college had launched \"special initiatives\" to improve students' performance . \"For instance, we set up an intensive coaching team of professors who helped many of our students by holding extra lectures,\" Thomas said. \"We don't know if that was the only reason behind the excellent performance . We are yet to analyze this year's results.\"There were similar celebrations at St Francis Junior College in Borivli, Fr Agnel Junior College at Vashi and SIES College of Commerce in Nerul.According to academicians, however, it's usually smaller colleges with fewer students who achieve a hundred per cent pass rate.\"When it comes to overall performance, one cannot compare a college that has only 200 students with an institute that has 1,200 candidates appearing for the exam,\" said the principal of a suburban college.But many top city colleges with more than 1,000 candidates have performed remarkably well this year.At HR College, for instance the pass percentage was 99.8; a 0.1% increase from the previous year. NM College at Vile Parle, too, had a high pass percentage at 99.5. Both St Xavier's and Jai Hind Colleges enjoyed a high 99% sucess rate this year. (See box for Mumbai's top performers).Around 13 colleges in Mumbai division had a pass percentage of less than 25. \"These are colleges with mainly private students who don't attend classes. They register with the college so that they can sit for the HSC \" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13503125", "title": "Police torturing those in custody: CPM", "text": "KOZHIKODE: CPM state secretariat member Elamaram Kareem has alleged that the special investigation team (SIT) probing the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan was using \"third degree methods\" against party leaders currently in custody.Addressing the media at the CPM district committee office here, he said SIT was denying party leaders food and was torturing them to elicit false confessions to implicate more leaders.\"The condition at the SIT camp at Vadakara is similar to the notorious Kakkayam police camp during the Emergency. Police is resorting to third degree torture methods and even denying those in custody food and sleep. They are being subjected to severe mental and physical strain to extract confessions as desired by police,\" he said.Kareem said Onchiyam area committee secretary C H Ashokan had serious health problems and the party feared that his life would be in danger if the torture continued. \"The chief minister will be held accountable if something happens to Ashokan or others in custody,\" he said.He reiterated that the probe was being carried out as per the script prepared by the UDF. A section of the media, in collusion with police, was publishing leaked false information in the guise of statements of confession, Kareem alleged.Police were flouting Supreme Court and high court orders against leaking details of investigation to the media, he said, adding that the party would seek legal recourse against those responsible for leaking and publishing false information.Kareem said media reports published as confession statements of C H Ashokan citing 'police sources' were false.The CPM will organize a protest march to the office of the District Police Chief (Kozhikode Rural) on Saturday in protest against the police actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13499588", "title": "Results of Vinod Vidyalaya held back due to irregularities", "text": "BHANDARA: When the standard XII examination results were declared by the board, the future of some 220 students of Vinod Vidyalaya was left hanging in balance. Their results have been kept reserved as there is a complaint of serious irregularities against conduct of examination at the school. The matter is pending before the board and a final decision is to be taken by the board.Vinod Junior college at Gose (Budruk) has a standing of 20 years and is run by Rajesh Dongare, secretary of the society. He is ex-member of the board and present member of Bhandara Zilla Parishad, and is known as a social worker.The standard XII examination was conducted at the junior college in March 2012, with 220 students appearing from the school centre. Out of these, 37 students were from biology group. The examination passed off very peacefully, but when answer papers of the students went for valuation to the valuers and chief moderator, they found that every student had secured the same marks in every paper, even the sequence of answers was same.The chief moderator lodged a complaint with the board chairman, and a committee of three senior board officials was constituted. The committee checked each and every answer paper and it was found that there were serious irregularities in the conduct of examinations. The committee submitted its report to the board chairman.Board president Chandramani Borkar decided that results of Vinod Junior college shall be kept reserved till final decision is taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499885", "title": "Stub it out, cancer survivors urge SRK, Sanjay Dutt", "text": "MUMBAI: Cancer survivors have written letters to actors Shah Rukh Khan and Sanjay Dutt urging them to stop smoking and endorsing tobacco products just ahead of No Tobacco Day.The survivors are members of the Voice of Tobacco Victims, which is a campaign by Tata Memorial Hospital and Healis-Sekhsaria Institute for Public Health. Their aim is to use No Tobacco Day, which falls on Thursday, to influence the celeb endorsers of tobacco to quit the habit. Studies have shown that tobacco kills over nine lakh Indians every year.\"We want these actors to realize that several youngsters watch them smoke in real life or endorsing tobacco products. These youngsters can get influenced to smoke or chew tobacco,\" said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, cancer surgeon with Tata Memorial Hospital. The letter to Khan urges him to announce his \"noble decision\" before May 31. \"Can we request you to stop smoking in reel life and real life? Please do not promote a product that you wouldn't recommend to your own kids,\" their letter stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13503536", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leader revolts, to contest Hatia bypoll as independent", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) suffered a setback before the Hatia assembly bypoll as its senior leader Birenda Bhagat revolted against party decision and filed nomination as an independent candidate on Friday, the last day of filing papers.Returning officer Shekhar Jamuar said a total of 33 candidate filed nomination for the Hatia byelection scheduled for June 12.\"Total 56 sets of nomination papers have been filed by 33 candidates. Some of the candidates filed papers in three or four sets,\" said Jamuar adding that according to norms a candidate could file maximum four sets of nomination paper.Coming out of the office of returning officer, a furious Bhagat said he had been with the JMM even when it was not power. \"In the last general election in 2009, I got 22,123 votes and was at the fourth position. Last month I met party supremo Shibu Soren and he had assured me again to give me ticket for the bypoll,\" said Bhagat. \"I felt cheated now I decided to contest the byelection because of pressure from my supporters.\"Sources in the JMM said the party leadership decided to stay away from the byelection in favour of the Ajsu Party which had supported the JMM candidate in the biennial Rajya Sabha election.\"We had to keep the promise made during the Rajya Sabha election and so decided not to give candidate in the byelection. At present Hemant Soren, the leader of the JMM in the Jharkhand assembly and deputy chief minister, is in New Delhi. The moment he returns to Ranchi a meeting will be convened and the executive committee will make a formal announcement for supporting the Ajsu Party,\" said a source.The decision of the JD-U fielding candidate for the bypoll and closeness of the JMM and the Ajsu Party has become a major concern for the BJP which is trying to wrest the seat from the Congress and strengthen its position in the alliance.\"Since the creation of the state, the JD-U and the Ajsu Party have always remained with the BJP but off late differences have cropped up and this is not a good sign for the party,\" said a BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506181", "title": "Motorcyclist dies in accident, mob sets truck on fire", "text": "KANPUR: An angry mob set a truck on fire after a 25-year-old motorcyclist was crushed under its wheels in Mataund in Banda district on Friday morning.According to reports, Gore Lal Pal, a worker at sweetmeat shop in Pratap Nagar area and resident of Chilehta was fatally knocked down by a speeding truck near Swaraj Colony.The accident occurred while Pal was on his way to Shambhu Nagar area to meet his sister Rani.Police said the accident took place at around 7am when the truck coming from police lines side hit Pal's two-wheeler, leaving him dead on the spot.Sensing trouble, the driver fled from the spot, leaving the truck by the roadside. The kin and residents of the area rushed to the spot and held protests by placing the body in the middle of the road.Locals then turned violent and alleged police inaction in manning the roads properly. The mob set the truck on fire and started throwing stones.Several fire tenders were sent to control the blaze. Police reached the spot and dispersed the mob by resorting to lathicharge.\"The road is very narrow and drivers of heavy vehicles drive recklessly. We have made several appeals to construct speed-breakers and deploy policemen to intercept speeding vehicles but they have done nothing,\" said Kaku, a resident of the area.The protesters demanded arrest of the driver. They alleged that the driver was in an inebriated state which led to the accident. \"Police are looking for the accused,\" said SP (city) Gyaneshwar Tewari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13501396", "title": "16 police recruits move HC after being delisted", "text": "NASHIK: As many as 16 candidates selected as trainee constables have moved the Bombay high court against the state government delisting their names from the list of the selected candidates even after utilizing their services in the recent civic polls. As a result, the entire recruitment process has been stayed until the court comes out with its final verdict on the litigation filed by the delisted candidates.In December 2011, the city police commissionerate had taken up the recruitment process for 265 candidates. The Nashik police commissionerate had received 10,099 applications for the post of constables. Only 8,158 candidates including 1,103 females had actually appeared for the recruitment process. After the documents were scrutinized, 3,162 candidates were declared ineligible on grounds of shortcomings in their documents.Subsequently, a physical test was held for 4,996 candidates out of which 3,728 candidates qualified for the written test. The final result of 265 selected candidates was declared on December 13, 2011. Immediately after the list of the selected candidates was declared, the Supreme Court had given a new directive of parallel reservation. The state home department was asked to prepare a new list of candidates, eligible as per parallel reservation. The Nashik police commissionerate then came out with a new list of selected candidates as per the parallel reservation, which saw 36 selected candidates in the first list of December 13, being sacked.Of the 36 candidates, 16 candidatesapproached the Bombay high court against the decision. The services of these candidates were utilized during the Nashik Municipal Corporation elections that was held in February. The candidates who have approached the Mumbai high court are of the view that ever since the first list of the selected candidates was announced, they were absorbed as constables and also worked during the civic elections. But removing their names from the second list suddenly imples playing with their future. There are reports that the rural police, which also conducted the recruitment process, has delisted 26 candidates from the second list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13499874", "title": "Rasika Chaudhari tops from Wardha district", "text": "NAGPUR: Wardha district scored 65.15% in the HSC examination, the results of which were declared on Friday. Stream wise, the pass percentage was science 82.34, arts 54.76, commerce 57.89 and MCVC 82.91. The repeaters secured 25.68% success.Rasika Chaudhari of JB Science College is topper in the district with 97% marks. St John's Junior College of Hinganghat secured 100% among all colleges in the district. New English Junior College secured 91.81% in the city.Rasika, daughter of Arun Chaudhari, a doctor at Kasturba Medical College said that she too wants to be a doctor. \"I studied by myself. I kept away from TV for two years, which helped me succeed. I did not join any coaching classes,\" said Rasika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501621", "title": "Planning deparment moots internship for Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna students", "text": "PATNA: A move is afoot to utilize the services of students of Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) and other such institutes with proven credentials through their internship in the Directorate of Economics and Statistics (DES), a wing of the state's planning and development department (PDD), for analysing different aspects of Bihar's financial profile and economy.PDD principal secretary Vijay Prakash, on Friday, said analysing the state's economy should be made part of the CIMP curriculum. \"I would say that CIMP students should have internship at the DES and analyse the state's economy, both in the light of budgetary allotments and overall study of its income and areas of expenditure,\" Prakash said, adding that since DES required manpower, it would invite professionals.Prakash said a workshop would be held in the near future. Professionals would deliberate on the ways their services could be mustered to study the state's economy under the aegis of DES. \"We, in fact, are looking forward to professionals doing research on the subject, as the insights gained would be helpful in the state's planning process itself,\" Prakash said.He made these observations during the release of the book 'Analysis of Budgetary Transactions of State Government' for five fiscal years from 2007-08 to 2011-12. While the book has been brought out by the DES, among those who released it were PDD minister Narendra Narayan Yadav, finance department principal secretary Rameshwar Singh, Prakash, advisers of Bihar State Planning Board, and DES director Jitendra Kumar Sinha.While the budget, by its very nature, reveals merely financial transactions, the book reclassifies them into 10 economic groups as warranted by the United Nations to understand their economic effects. As the book brings out, the total receipts (income) of the government, both from internal resources and as central assistance, have increased manyfold in five financial years, beginning 2007-08.The volume of total receipts of the state increased at annual compounding growth rate (ACGR) of 21.62% from Rs 29,847.78 crore to Rs 65,312.84 crore during the period. Matching with the same, internal receipts of the state also registered ACGR of 20.27% - from Rs 23,547.85 crore in 2007-08 to estimated Rs 49,266.31 crore in 2011-12. In tune with the same, the receipts from the Centre to the state also increased from Rs 6,299.93 crore to estimated Rs16,046.53 crore - at ACGR of 26.33%.However, the expenditure side, during the same period, recorded ACGR of 19.93%, and expenditure increased from Rs 31,573.19 crore to Rs 65,327.87 crore. Gross capital formation occurred at ACGR of 16.52%, and its worth increased from Rs 7,909.23 crore in 2007-08 to Rs 14,581.29 crore. Similarly, the income generation in the state increased from Rs 12,464.81 crore to Rs 24,815.80 crore at ACGR of 18.78%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13507335", "title": "Assam Chamber of Commerce to hold seminars in various colleges", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Chamber of Commerce (ACC) has decided to hold seminars in various colleges to create awareness on entrepreneurial skills amongst the educated youth. The seminar will show the youths how to put their minimum resources to use and become self-employed.\"It has been seen that most students, both in the urban and rural areas, opt for jobs or business after graduation; entrepreneurship is always seen as a last option,\" Rupam Goswami, president of Assam Chamber of Commerce said in a meeting on Wednesday.\"We want to create an awareness on entrepreneurship amongst students and teach them how to become successful entrepreneurs as most of them do not know where to start and whom to approach. So, we have decided to organize special seminars in around 200 colleges across the state from June onwards. The seminar would be conducted by members of the Assam Chamber of Commerce,\" Goswami said.He added, \"We will interact with the students and find out where their interest lies and guide them into taking up their choice of entrepreneurship like organic farming and fisheries. Besides that, we will also guide them on how to start up initially, who to approach and where to opt for loans.\"Jayanta Deka, another member of the Assam Chamber of Commerce said, \"The students will have to register themselves at a minimal registration fee of Rs 10 and after that we would guide them depending on their area of interest but we will require the consent of the parents first.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13507056", "title": "Protests continue in Guwahati for 2nd day", "text": "GUWAHATI: Protests against the steep hike in petrol price continued for the second consecutive day in the city on Friday.Even as activists of Joint Council of Trade Unions (JCTU), Assam, took out a rally seeking a rollback, employees and workers of government and private enterprises did the same demonstrating against the petroleum ministry's decision to hike petrol price.On the call of JCTU, the Guwahati Division Insurance Employees' Association, State Bank of India Staff Association, Bank Employees Federation of India, Assam State Electricity Supply Mazdoor Union, BSNL Employees Union and National Federation of Postal Employees took part in the rally.\"Rs 7.50 hike in per litre of petrol will make the life of employees and workers miserable. The Centre must withdraw this hike,\" said Satanjib Das, joint convenor of JCTU, Assam. The traders' body sent a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh through Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner, demanding rollback of petrol price hike.\"Such a steep hike has come at a time when the common man is already battered by continuous escalation of prices of essential commodities. Besides, the wholesale inflation rate has crossed the double-digit mark. The petrol price hike will add to inflationary spiral,\" stated the JCTU memorandum.The JCTU has questioned the timing of the petrol price hike as the price of crude oil in the international market has come down to Rs 90 US dollar per barrel from 110 US dollar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13502187", "title": "Bike-laden truck catches fire in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: A truck carrying 53 new motorbikes caught fire after a high voltage electricity wire on National Highway-23 fell over it at Jainamoad in Jaridih on Friday.Local villagers and driver of the truck Mantu Ram tried to douse the flames but the fire engulfed all the new motorbikes loaded in the truck. The loss is yet to be assessed. No one was injured in the incident.According to Ram, the truck was coming from Pune and going towards Asansol to deliver the motorcycles when the incident occurred at 9.30am here. The upper portion of the truck hit the overhead wire at Jainamoad prompting a huge spark. However, he didn't stop the truck fearing the residents would catch him. While driving the truck for a few kilometers towards Phusro, another truck driver coming from behind told him that the truck caught fire.To douse the flames, he drove the truck on the campus of Khutri Water Supply Project on seeing a water tank there. But he didn't get much water to extinguish the flames. \"I the informed the fire station following which fire tenders arrived and doused the fire,\" Ram said.Officer in-charge of Jaridih police station Jagdish Choudhary said all the bikes were burnt. The villagers along with police tried to take out a few motorbikes seeing the fire spreading inside the truck but that were all locked. The two layers inside the truck in which motorbike were placed got burnt one by one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504649", "title": "25-year-old man found dead in Nigdi", "text": "PUNE: The Dehu Road police on Friday morning recovered a highly decomposed body of a 25-year-old person from near a nullah at Nigdi.The police are yet to ascertain whether the deceased, Dhiraj Pothare (25) of Jadhav Vasti at Ravet, had committed suicide or was murdered. Pothare was working as a painting labourer.Inspector Ram Jadhav of the Dehu Road police station said that on Friday around 11 am, some people noticed the body of Pothare near the nullah and informed the police. \"We sent the body for post mortem,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said the post mortem report did not confirm the cause of death. \"Hospital authorities have preserved the viscera,\" he said. Jadhav said that as the body was highly decomposed the police suspect that Pothare died around four to five days ago. \"Till the doctors give their opinion it is not possible to ascertain the exact reason behind Pothare's death,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said that investigations have revealed that Pothare had left his house around five days ago. \"He had told his wife that he was going to his native place in Wardha district to meet his children,\" Jadhav said, adding, \"We are investigating further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501328", "title": "Citizen groups to create traffic awareness in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: City traffic cops' penalty of Rs 600 against traffic violation seems inadequate to bring the situation under control, as records with the traffic department state that traffic violations like jumping red signals, using mobile phones while driving and rash driving are still rampant and are increasing day by day.But, the situation is expected to change soon with two organizations - a multinational company and a consumer organization - as part of their social responsibility, have tied up with city traffic police department to educate and create awareness about traffic rules, importance of following road signals among citizens etc.\"On Thursday, MNC launched a signature campaign and distributed posters and pamphlets at major squares starting from the busiest junctions on Central Avenue. They also distributed gifts to bikers and motorist who keenly followed stop line and pedestrians crossing the road using zebra crossings markings at other major junctions including Baidynath square.A young representative from MNC, who did not wish to be named, informed that we are concentrating on young and teenage bikers who brazenly violate traffic rules. Every time we hear and read in newspapers that traffic violations are endless and the worst part is that especially young bikers do not care for other's life and don't even fear traffic cops deployed at squares. \"We want to prove that allegations levelled against youngsters are false, so we are taking their signs on an oath and gifting them pen also\", he added. Almost 50 young students participated in the drive on Thursday.The volunteers also met DCP (Traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade and congratulated him for redefining 'dangerous driving' by adding violations like jumping red signals, using mobile while driving and habitual rash driving in it and increasing fine to Rs 600 instead of the paltry Rs 100 at present.Based on young one's experience, Jan Akrosh that has recently formed a Citizens Traffic Cells has also decided to launch a 'Gandhigiri' style campaign 'Our Mission-Safe Traffic' on 50 major junctions across city on Saturday. Police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and DCP (Traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade will inaugurate the programme at 5.30pm at Shankar Nagar square.Jan Akrosh secretary Ravi Kaskhedikar blamed NMC traffic wing officials for their apathetic attitude which neglected painting the zebra crossings, stop lines and other road safety signs after road repairs were carried out by the civic body. Jan Akrosh traffic wings representatives also conducted survey of their own and found that at most of 250-odd major junctions in the city road signage like stop lines and zebra crossings are totally missing.He added that it has also become common these days to see young bikers enjoy jumping red signals, rash and reckless driving and avoid standing behind stop lines. \"We have decided to distribute Rose flower to the bikers and motorists breaking traffic rules and congratulate every person who follows traffic guidelines\", he said.At Shankar Nagar square, pedestrians find it difficult to cross the road as vehicles stop wherever they want at red signals due to disappeared zebra crossings and stop lines. \"We will highlight the issue with banners before traffic and NMC officials on the same spot\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13505216", "title": "New syllabus for science, maths for standard XII in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: A revised syllabus for all subjects of Std XI and the science and mathematics subjects of Std XII will come into force from the forthcoming academic year (AY) 2012-13.\"We have upgraded the Std XII syllabus for physics, chemistry, biology and mathematics to the level of the one prescribed by the National council of educational research and training (NCERT) syllabus for the central board of secondary education (CBSE) schools,\" said Maharashtra state board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav.The exercise assumes significance in the wake of the state's plan to be a part of the HRD ministry's single all India engineering entrance test that is to roll out from AY 2013-14.Jadhav said, \"A high-level committee of the state government is currently examining various issues related to the single all India entrance test.\" The move to upgrade the Std XII science and mathematics syllabus to the CBSE level and revise the entire Std XI course is in anticipation of the state joining the all India test scheme, he said.The proposed test has been named Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET). The HRD ministry has given the option to the respective state governments to decide the ratio of weightage for the ISEET and the state board's HSC exam score for admissions to engineering and science institutions. On its part, the ministry has proposed a 60:40 weightage for ISEET and state board score.Recently, the state department for higher and technical education had organized a meeting of all stakeholders, including parents and students, teachers' and students' organizations, among others, to collect a feedback on the weightage issue.Three options are being considered. One, either opt for a 60:40 weightage, or two, go for a 50:50 weightage and the third option, not to join the ISEET and effect the engineering admissions solely on the basis of state board HSC score.The high-level committee, headed by higher and technical education (H&TE;) secretary, was appointed by H&TE; minister Rajesh Tope to recommend an apt approach to the ISEET.Meanwhile, apart from Std XI course, the Std IX course will also be revised from year 2012-13. \"We are adding a new subject of information and communciation technology,\" state board secretary Shahaji Dhekne said.The board officials assured that the work for printing new course books for Std IX was being taken up on a war footing and that the books will be available to students before the reopening of the high schools on June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13505365", "title": "Farmer\u2019s body found; cash looted", "text": "PATNA: A farmer, Parbhansh Singh, was beaten to death at his orchard at Korhar village under Bihta police station in Patna district on Thursday night. The villagers saw his body on Friday morning.Police said 35-year-old Singh, who was the youngest among the three brothers, had left his house for guarding his orchard. Police said marks of injury were found on his head and body.Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said Singh seems to have died due to head injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13522679", "title": "Khaalti Doke Warti Paay (Upside Down)", "text": "CreditsCast: Aartis Athalve, Kanchan Pagare, Siddhant Barve, Parth Bhalerao, Omkar Bhintade, Dhananjay Deshpandey, Amar Gaikwad, Mahesh Ghag, Anjali Guru, Ninad Gore Director: Ajay Singh Producer: Junaid Memon, Amitabh Bhattacharyay (NOMAD Films) Music: Amar Manglurkar, Nagesh Nagbhide Cinematographer: Raaj Chakravarthi English Version Title: Upside DownSynopsisUpside Down is a metaphorical revelation about the ways and means of every day city life as seen through the eyes of a little village kid.Upside Down as a film asks for our attention towards the high paced, highly glamorous and at times unnecessarily excited ways we have started living our lives, which for a naive village kid is nothing short of spectacle witnessed during rare occasions of carnival or circus. Making us ponder whether we have got it all wrong as in Upside Down .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501794", "title": "Nazrul Academy shifted to Rajarhat from Indira Bhawan", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee laid the foundation stone of Nazrul Bhawan at a programme to mark the birth anniversary of Kazi Nazrul Islam on Friday. She said the government will build a Nazrul Academy in Rajarhat very soon which will also house a research centre on the 'rebel poet'.The programme was organised by the state culture and information department at Nazrul Mancha in south Kolkata. Clarifying the reason for shifting the Nazrul Academy from Indira Bhawan in Salt Lake to Rajarhat, the CM said she did not want the name of the great poet to be embroiled in a 'political' controversy.\"I noticed that some people were involved in an unnecessary debate over the venue of the Nazrul Academy. I could have protested, but then I felt that these great men should be kept out of any political controversy,\" said the chief minister.She said 70% work had been completed on the Rabindra Bhawan in Rajarhat and now the focus would be on Nazrul Academy. \"Besides a museum at Nazrul Bhawan, we will set up a university to be named after Nazrul Islam at Churulia, the village in Burdwan district where the poet was born,\" Mamata said amid loud applause from the audience.The chief minister gave away Nazrul Memorial prizes to Feroza Begum, Anup Ghosal, Jatileswar Mukhopadhyay and Chitra Sen Manilal Nag among other artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13502274", "title": "Realtor aide's house attached", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Friday attached the house of PP Lala, an associate of absconding builder J D Nandi.In the raid, goods worth Rs 30 lakh were recovered from his Riversa Apartment in Kokar industrial area, inspecting officer Arvind Sinha said.Ever since the issue of cheating crores of rupees from over 100 people caught the media attention, Nandi and his seven associates are absconding. Police suspect that PP Lala has escaped to Bangalore.Meanwhile, Jharkhand DGP R S Rath held a review meeting of the special investigation team that was constituted to investigate the builders' scam. The DGP has directed officials to expedite the investigation process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13516894", "title": "A musical night in Kolkata", "text": "Music lovers were treated to some fantastic melodies at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, on Thursday as city band Fiddlers Green took to the stage.Their sound has been inspired by world folk music and covers genres such as blue grass, South American folk, blues and jazz.At the do, we spotted this group of friends, Claire, Aideen, Sarah, Conleth, Sayan and Josh, having a good time. Actor Mumtaz Sorcar was also seen letting her hair down at the lounge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13506205", "title": "Contact lens to help you check sugar levels", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new colour-changing contact lens that can detect your glucose level in tears, a breakthrough they say could replace the frequent skin prick tests used to monitor blood sugar levels of diabetic patients.Developed by a team at the University of Akron in Ohio , the contact lens can sense glucose, which is the blood sugar in tears, and reveal the information in the blink of an eye.If sugar is not being metabolized properly and glucose concentration builds up in the body, the contact lens will detect a problem and change colour, the researcher said. \"It works just like pH paper in your high school chemistry lab,\" said Dr Jun Hu who led the study.\"The sugar molecule literally acts like the proton in a pH test, displacing a colour dye embedded in the lens, and the lens changes colour,\" Hu was quoted as saying by Daily Mail' .Usually when sugar dissolves in water one can't see them. But, Hu has used a molecule , called a probe, which binds well to sugars that they then combined with a dye. When sugar concentrations rise, the sugar binds to the probe and knocks the dye loose, causing a colour change. The person wearing the lens wouldn't notice the change unless they looked in the mirror. Thus, the researchers are now designing an app that will calculate sugar levels from a camera phone snap of the eye.\"This device could detect subtle changes in blood sugar levels for tight management of diabetes and be used to identify patients with prediabetic conditions allowing early diagnosis, crucial for preventing it from advancing ,\" Hu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13508228", "title": "Parties face rebellion in MC polls", "text": "JALANDHAR: It's time for elections and for rebellion. All major political parties are facing rebellions ahead of MC elections in the state.However, the most interesting rebellion has happened in ward no. 31 where a Shiromani Akli Dal leader has rebelled against the BJP candidate and has fielded his wife, a sitting councillor.Former minister Sewa Singh Sekhwan is incharge of SAD in Jalandhar, but his close confidant Iqbal Singh Dhindsa has rebelled and fielded his wife Raminder Kaur. Dhindsa is a protege of former SAD MLA Sarbjit Singh Makkar and Sekhwan has been visiting him (Dhindsa) often and was even encouraging him to seek SAD ticket from Jalandhar Cantt constituency, which finally went to Olympian Pargat Singh, which he won.Dhindsa had rebelled last time also and fielded his wife, who won with the support of local leaders of SAD, defeating the BJP candidate. After winning, his wife joined SAD. As a similar rebellion is happening now, BJP leaders have demanded that SAD should act tough against Dhindsa and his wife and should ensure that they would not get SAD support. In some other wards also, there is some heart-burn within SAD, but that is being doused by local leaders, sources said.The Congress is also facing rebellion in around half-a-dozen seats. Congress MLA from Bata, Ashwani Sekhri, who has been appointed observer by the party had a loss of face on Friday after three leaders, whose names were mentioned by him as strong dissenters, gave in writing to PPPC president Captain Amarinder Singh that they had no objection to the list and that ticket distribution was fair.Sekhri had a heated argument with Congress MLA Rana Gurjit Singh , who is chairman of Congress campaign committee in Jalandhar. On Thursday, Sekhri claimed that some tickets were wrongly distributed and had claimed that former MLA Jagbir Brar, district Congress committee president Arun Walia and sitting councillor Rajinder Beri had objections to the list, apart from Mohinder Singh Kaypee. However, on Friday, Brar, Walia and Beri gave in writing that they had no objection to the list of candidates.Meanwhile PPCC publicity committee convener Varinder Sharma said that no candidate would be replaced and that the list was final.BJP is also facing headache in around four seats, where dissenting voices are emanating against party candidates, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501815", "title": "No school classes after May 28: Lucknow district magistrate", "text": "LUCKNOW: In view of the intense heat conditions, the district administration on Friday announced closure of all schools from May 28. This includes schools, which had earlier taken permission from district magistrate (DM) Anurag Yadav to hold special classes for board students.\"The special permission taken by some schools to run extra classes for 10th and 12th has also been cancelled. Beyond May 28, all schools will have summer vacations,\" said the DM.He added that strict action will be taken against schools found flouting the order. The order issued by the DM is applicable to all government, private and public schools, violation of which can invite trouble for the school authorities.DM has asked District Inspector of Schools (DIOS), Umesh Tripathi to ensure all schools follow the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13504261", "title": "2 nabbed with 1,600 litres of country-made liquor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Bapunagar police officials nabbed two bootleggers after a 6 km chase early on Friday morning and seized country-made liquor worth Rs 32,000 and an SUV.According to Bapunagar police officials, they were on a vehicle-checking drive early on Friday morning. When a team deployed near Thakkarbapanagar approach tried to stop a Scorpio at 4.30 am, the driver did not stop and rammed through the barricades. Soon, two police vehicles gave chase.\"The SUV zigzagged wildly and gave the police vehicles a tough time,\" said a Bapunagar police official. \"It reached up to Revdi Bazaar in Kalupur but we had already sent messages for backup and police teams were awaiting its arrival. When the SUV tried to take a sharp turn, one of its tyres punctured on a sharp object and the vehicle halted with a screech. We soon nabbed the two persons inside.\"The duo was identified as Imitiyaz Shaikh, a resident of Ramol and Chirag Desai, a resident of Khokhra. Shaikh said that the SUV belonged to him and he was taking the stock of 1,632 litres of country-made liquor to be supplied to Hansa, a bootlegger in Madhavpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13499922", "title": "In US, consent needed for drug tests", "text": "When George Michael was caught for possession of a small amount of cocaine in London in September 2008, he walked away with a word of caution from the police. A British officer said at the time that the former Wham! frontman might have benefited from the \"circumstances and context\" of the case. But circumstances and context appear to hold less meaning in India, as actor Fardeen Khan found after cocaine was found on him in Mumbai in 2001.India's chasm with American law is even greater. The US constitution's Fourth Amendment requires the police to seek a person's consent before subjecting him or her to a test or search for drugs.Pamela Katz, law professor at Sage College, New York , said, \"The Fourth Amendment prohibits unreasonable search and seizure by the police. But the police do have powers for a limited search even without probable cause under certain circumstances.\" She said that in New York, the police, even if they were to raid a rave, would not be able to detain and send all partygoers present at the venue for drug tests, unless there was a probable cause that all of them had consumed drugs or unless all had consented to such testing.In a landmark 2001 ruling, the US supreme court had ruled that hospitals cannot test pregnant women for drugs without their consent, much less turn the results over to the police. The court ruled that under the Fourth Amendment, if a person did not agree to drug tests, a warrant would be necessary.In India, drug possession of any amount is a crime. Consumption, too, is considered such. However, the law considers addicts as victims and gives them a chance to clean up their act. Criminal charges are not pressed on first-time offenders, who have immunity from prosecution. But such people must volunteer for and complete a drug rehabilitation programme at a government centre. If they leave it halfway, they can face conviction for up to a year in prison.But immunity claims are not granted easily, say lawyers, mental health experts and civil rights activists. They are even opposed by the police. Often, the lower courts do not handle the cases sensitively.Drug laws are by far the most liberal in the Netherlands. It is at present the only country to distinguish between soft and hard drugs. Contrary to popular perception, the sale of cannabis in the Netherlands is still illegal.Around 700 coffee shops sell small amounts of soft drugs. But this April, the Dutch government barred such sales to tourists, a law that a court in Hague has upheld. A plan is to convert such shops into members-only clubs, where only Dutch citizens who are 18 and older can apply for membership. The court dismissed a lawsuit by shop owners who challenged the ban on the grounds that it was discriminatory.Experts at the United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs have observed that individual countries need not convict or punish a person who only acquires or possesses drugs for personal consumption and that the offence should be decriminalized.Criminal prosecutions may be substituted by alternative remedies, including civil penalties or treatment options. In the US, under the drug law, section 844a of the Controlled Substances Act does provide for civil penalties for possession of small amounts of drugs.The offence is not treated as a criminal offence and only fines are imposed. After three years, the person may even seek expunging the record after being tested drug-free.Drug prosecutions in the US are at the state level and only drug trafficking is dealt with under a stringent federal law.\"Each state has its own laws and some states like Massachusetts have decriminalized possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use. It is still a violation, but not a felony or misdemeanour,\" said Katz from her office in New York.In the United Kingdom , too, the anti-drug law, though strict and with provisions of punishment ranging from two years' imprisonment for soft drugs to seven years' imprisonment for possession of hard drugs like cocaine, often finds most drug offences are of unlawful possession.Only one in five people convicted of possession receive a custodial sentence and even fewer actually go to prison, with the majority of fines being \u00a350 or less, revealed one of the UK's leading independent centres of expertise on drugs and drug use.Times view", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13503945", "title": "'Efforts under way to sweep 2002 riots events under carpet'", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Two senior human rights activists have alleged that 'serious efforts' are underway to sweep the events of post-Godhra riots under the carpet. The activists who had served as members of NHRC's monitoring group post-riots - PGJ Nampoothiri, ex-Gujarat DGP who retired from IPS in 1998, and human and institutional development expert Gagan Sethi have expressed these views in a recently-published book 'Lest We Forget History: Tracing Communal Violence in Gujarat 2002'.The authors focus on thousands of families displaced during 2002 riots who even today continue to live in rehabilitation camps.The book says that about 5,000 families even live as 'internally displaced persons' (IDPs), a term coined by the United Nations . IDPs are those 'persons or groups of persons who have been forced or obliged to flee or to leave their homes or places of habitual residence, in particular as a result of ... generalized violence'.While 4,500 families have been identified as living in colonies built by NGOs, there are many families living in make-shift camps. These include 73 families in Modasa camp, 28 in Pandarvada and 20 in Rajgadh. \"They have been living in these camps for the last four years, exposed the elements and dependent on charity for their livelihood,\" the authors say.Giving an example how the officialdom is refusing to show any 'sadbhanava' towards IDPs, the book says, \"At Rajgadh in Panchmahals district where 50 houses were to be constructed, the local panchayat had passed a resolution to permit use of government land and the local administration had agreed. But at the instance of the local MLA further work on the project has been stopped for the last three years. Even in respect of about 20 houses, construction of which was completed, the collector has now issued a notice to the inmates.\"Seeking to trace the history of communal riots in Gujarat over the centuries, the authors have penned, \"It can safely be concluded that the divisive politics of certain parties has only helped weaken our great state. The unity seen in the days of Independence struggle has been long forgotten.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13502152", "title": "Assistant sub-inspector held for duping junior constables", "text": "KOLKATA: The state CID arrested an ASI in Jhargram police's reserve office on Friday on the charge of duping candidates from Jangalmahal, selected as junior police constables, and extorting money from them through two men appointed by him. The officer, Basudeb Sinha, 41, was rounded up from his home at Tetulia village in West Midnapore's Narayangarh.The state CID on Friday arrested Basudeb Sinha, 41, an ASI in Jhargram police's reserve office, on the charge of duping candidates from Jangalmahal selected as junior police constables and extorting money from them through two men appointed by him. Sinha was picked up from his home in Tetulia village in West Midnapore's Narayangarh.Sinha's aides - Anup Patnaik and Mihir Rana - were arrested from Kharagpur on May 9. Patnaik and Rana reportedly confessed to CID that They confessed to CID thatSinha gave them a list of candidates from Jangalmahal who were selected as junior constables.The duo was asked to contact those on the list (it had phone numbers and addresses beside each name) and tell them that they had failed to qualify for the job because of certain shortcomings in their performance in the selection test.On Sinha's instructions, Patnaik and Rana further told the candidates that they could use their 'influence' in lieu of money and help them get the desired jobs. This way the two extorted several lakhs rupees from 15 of the selected candidates they had contacted. They were arrested after one of the candidates became suspicious and complained to police.for overcoming the shortcomings of each of them. This way, the duo extorted several lakhs of rupees from 15 of the selected candidates they had contacted. They were arrested after one candidate smelt a rat and complained to police.The state police had gone through the recruitment process to fill 1,500 junior constables' posts of the 10,700 such posts created specifically for youth from Jangalmahal. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced the recruitment drive to ensure youth from Jangalmahal carried guns on behalf of the government instead of the Maoists.After interrogating Patnaik and Rana, CID detained Sinha on May 12 and questioned him at Bhawani Bhavan. Though he was released after questioning, CID kept a close watch on him. On Friday afternoon, the ASI was arrested. from Bogda adjoining Kharagpur railway station.He will be produced in court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13501610", "title": "Biennial polls passes off peacefully in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The biennial election of Assembly Council for local authority of Amravati passed off peacefully on Friday. Out of total 397 voters 393 exercised their franchise on Friday.BJP Candidate Praveen Pote, Congress candidate, Babalu Deshmukh, Independent candidate Ajay Nawandar and rebel of NCP and former president of municipal council, Chandur Railway, Ganesh Roy were in fray for the poll. Around 190 female voters and 203 male voters exercised their franchise on Friday, 98.99% voting turnout was reported in poll. Election was held from 14 polling booths of the district. The counting of votes will be held on May 28. Sources said that money power was used in the polls.Meanwhile collector Rahul Mahiwal visited the polling booths and took stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "13507496", "title": "Karandeep steps on brother's track", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Following the footsteps of his elder brother Fatehdeep, Karandeep Singh, 12, is also making a name for himself in the field of sports.The budding sportsperson recently returned after winning under-14 singles title in a tournament organized by Chandigarh Lawn Tennis Association held in the UT.Karandeep said in the final match he defeated Sagar Bains in two sets (6-4 and 6-1). \"I defeated my opponent in easy sets,\" Karandeep said, adding that he led in the match from the beginning.Karandeep said since he had not sent his entry for the tournament before the due date, he had to play qualifying matches and won them all.\"Since childhood, the atmosphere of our house is sports-oriented as my father Ram Singh, a national-level weight lifter, always motivated us,\" Karandeep said.The young tennis player said he started practicing lawn tennis three years ago under coach Vikramjeet Singh and Sadhna and now practices at ACE Tennis Academy, SCD Government College.A student of Class VIII at BCM School, Shastri Nagar, Karandeep said he spends about seven hours a day practising tennis and two on swimming to maintain fitness. He said earlier this year he had won under-16 singles title of the All-India Tennis Association (AITA) tournament and in 2011 he had bagged the singles title at a national-level tournament held at Guwahati. \"My brother Fatehdeep often gives me tips. His experience on court helps in better understanding of the sport. As for my future plans, I want to win a grand slam for India,\" Karandeep said.While the proud father Ram Singh is delighted with the performance of his younger son at a national-level tournament and hopes that Karandeep would continue this form for a long time, coach Vikramjeet believes that Karandeep has great potential and if he maintained his performance levels, he would surely achieve his dreams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13505577", "title": "Maharashtra HSC results: Partially blind, he bags a 95%", "text": "NAGPUR: In 2010, Rahul Bajaj topped the state in SSC exams with 97%, despite suffering from partial blindness. Two years later, in HSC, he has scripted a similarly successful story, by scoring 95% in the commerce stream. A student of Dr Ambedkar College in Nagpur, Bajaj aspires to become a lawyer and open his own legal firm.\"I always had the zeal to perform because I wanted to get recognized as a hard worker. I followed only one mantra and it was to study consistently throughout the year,\" Rahul told TOI. \"I always believe that passion is the only key to success, if you don't have it you can't achieve it.\"Rahul, who is visually impaired since birth, had to face several challenges in his path to achievement. Besides making extra efforts to procure study materials, he also had to instal an application on his laptop with which he translated the notes. During exams, he found it difficult to express himself to his writer, especially in subjects like accounts. But his determination saw him through.\"I can see only 10% of what regular people can. It sometimes upsets me that I have to work harder than others to be accepted by all. But I never want to be projected as a disabled individual and this is what motivates me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504871", "title": "Man acquitted of murder on grounds of insanity", "text": "PUNE: A Mulshi-based farmer accused of murder and attempt-to-murder was acquitted by the district and sessions court on Friday on grounds of mental illness. The court, however, ordered that he be detained in Yerawada Central Jail for treatment.Deepak Tanaji More (38) had fought with his wife Reshma on May 22, 2008, after she requested him not to have liquor on his son's birthday. The prosecution said More picked up an axe to assault Reshma but she ran out of the house and raised the alarm, following which her parents Arjun and Vimal Gaikwad came to her rescue. More then attacked his in-laws. He was arrested on a complaint lodged by Reshma on the same day. Arjun Gaikwad succumbed to his injuries.Relying on evidence from Reshma, Vimal and Dr Sadashiv Gadekar of the Sassoon hospital, judge Tavade said, \"More's behaviour was not normal when the incident took place as he was suffering from organic psychosis disease and therefore... under section 84 of the Indian Penal Code, he has not committed an offence and entitled to be acquitted.\"After the crime the accused not abscond, nor did he conceal the weapon which was seized from the bedroom. His behaviour showed that he did not know whether what he was doing was right or wrong.\"Reshma and Vimal had deposed that More had sustained a brain injury after he fell into a well in 2006. He was hospitalised for a month and did not work for two years after he was discharged. His in-laws looked after him and his family. The accused was under medical treatment for six months during the trial.Dr Sadashiv Gade deposed that More suffered from irrelevant speech, irrelevant thought processes, suspiciousness and grandiosity during the time he was examined between May 12 and May 26, 2010.The trial was suspended for five months while More was kept under observation and treated between June 23 and September 23, 2010. The trial resumed after the medical officer gave a report to the court that More was fit for trial on December 24, 2010.The judgment reads, \"The fact and circumstances of the case shows that More's behaviour was abnormal. There was no provocation to cause the murder, but he assaulted his father in-law who treated him like his son and maintained him and his family. Taking the extreme step of killing his father in-law appears to be abnormal and reflects the mental state of the acscused - that he was suffering from unsoundness of mind at the time of incident.\"A copy of the judgment was sent to the state government for necessary action. Additional public prosecutor Chandrakiran Salvi appeared on behalf of the state.Defence counsel Anand Bagawade represented More.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13505997", "title": "Maharashtra HSC results: Helplines field queries over future", "text": "MUMBAI: Helpline centres were flooded with calls from restless students and distressed parents over HSC results on Friday.Most students and parents sought guidance for the future rather than discuss their scores. All were reassured that there are a lot of choices available for students today; therefore, if they do not get the desired marks, they could focus on alternative options to build their careers.Psychiatrist Harish Shetty said, \"Students worry a lot these days. They should realize that these marks will not decide their future. They should wait for results of the entrance exams to see where they stand.\" If embarrassed by their scores and afraid of parents, students could confide in their best friends or teachers, psychiatrists advised.Johnson Thomas, director of Aasra Suicide Prevention Centre (ASPC), said, \"We have been getting calls for the past one week from nervous students who wanted to give vent to their feelings. Most of them were worried about what to do next rather than how much they would score. There were a few parents as well who called for the same reason.\" ASPC aims to motivate distressed students and give them a new direction by weeding out negativity from their minds. As Nirmala Rao, consultant at Aastha Chrysalis (earlier known as Aavishkar), said, \"Nowadays parents are very open-minded . They know that there are plenty of choices available where their child can shine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13501625", "title": "Army chief slams effort to save \u2018flawed officer\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an interview to Times Now, Gen Singh claimed all-out efforts were being made to save a \"flawed'' officer under the 3 Corps, who was also planting \"anti-organization'' stories in the media. The Army chief said a senior IB official had told him the botched operation in Jorhat by an intelligence unit under Lt-Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag last December was \"a blot on the impeccable reputation'' of his force.He also blamed the government for not making it clear that he had not leaked his confidential letter to the prime minister.People waiting for me to retire to protect some: General V K SinghA week before his retirement, Army chief General V K Singh has blamed the government for not making it clear that he had not leaked his confidential letter to the PM. The unprecedented attack by a serving Army chief on the government came on a day when the defence ministry directed the Army to submit a detailed report in order to decide on the legality of Gen Singh's step to slap a showcause censure notice and impose a discipline and vigilance (DV) promotion ban on 3 Corps commander Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, who is the frontrunner to become Army chief in August 2014.Holding there was a great amount of delay in finalization of the court of inquiry into the episode, while virtually accusing Lt Gen Suhag of leaking the showcause notice, Gen Singh said, \"People were waiting for me to retire to protect some people... Everybody was hoping let's delay it as much as possible, let this man retire and everything will be hunky dory.\"He also said the \"story\" about the government being \"spooked\" by troop movements towards the Capital in mid-January was \"a counter-campaign to malign me\". But with a full-blown succession crisis and factional feud now engulfing the 1.13-million strong force, the defence ministry wants to ascertain whether Gen Singh's action involved \"any bias or vindictiveness\" since Lt Gen Suhag was not given any chance to respond to the showcause notice before being placed in the DV ban category.Gen Singh, on the sidelines of R K Anand's book release, however stressed he had \"no personal vendetta\" against Lt Gen Suhag, nor was there \"any infighting\" in the Army. \"If a senior officer sends a showcause notice to a junior, it is the moral duty of the junior officer to reply instead of running to the media,\" said Gen Singh.The defence ministry, however, is not convinced. \"MoD would like to examine the gravity of the case being made against Lt Gen Suhag, and whether the DV ban is legally sustainable. Such matters have to stand legal scrutiny in courts,\"said an official. \"There is also the crucial matter of whether the Army chief-designate, the present Eastern Army commander Lt Gen Bikram Singh, was kept in the loop by Gen V K Singh, as per norms, before issuing the notice to Lt Gen Suhag,\" he added.Gen Singh had in March endorsed the promotion of Lt Gen Suhag, 3 Corps commander in Dimapur, to the rank of an Army commander before the file was sent to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet. \"No administrative or vigilance action is pending against the officer, nor is any such action contemplated to be taken,\" the Army HQs had held then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13500500", "title": "3-year-old dies due to food poisoning", "text": "JAIPUR: Spending summer vacation at his grandfather's place proved fatal for three-year-old Kanha who died due to food poisoning after drinking home-made 'rabri' ( buttermilk) at Ajmer Road on Friday.Eleven other members of the family, including seven children, all under 14 years, also fell ill and complained of vomitting, diarrhoea and pain in abdomen. While the children are undergoing treatment at J K Lon hospital, the adults have been discharged from SMS hospital on Friday.The deceased's uncle Suraj Kumar said, \"The incident occurred on Wednesday when the children and some adults in the family had 'rabri' in the breakfast. Soon, they fell ill.\"They were rushed to a nearby clinic where they were administered medicines. \"However, the next day the family members again complained of stomach ache. This time, they were taken to a private hospital nearby,\" he said.While undergoing treatment, the three-year-old died. Following this, the attendants shifted the patients to J K Lon Hospital. The children admitted are Aryan (3), Priyanka (10), Amit (7), Jagraj (13), Gautam (10), Sachin (13), and Kamal (13).Meanwhile, J K Lon hospital administration said all the children have been kept under observation for 24 hours.Hospital superintendent Dr SD Sharma said, \"It seems to be a case of food poisoning. The condition of three is serious. It could be due to toxins or bacteria in the food, which they had consumed or a case of food contamination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503190", "title": "New pipeline, treatment plant to improve water supply in state", "text": "PANAJI: While the laying of a new and separate pipeline to supply raw water to the Verna industrial estate and Zuari industries limited will help the Verna industrial estate and also Vasco city, the commissioning of the balance 20MLD of the 50 MLD new water treatment plant at Assonora will provide abundant water to Bardez taluka.PWD chief engineer(I) J Borkar told TOI that the work of laying a separate pipeline to supply raw water to the Verna industrial estate has already been tendered at a cost of about 50 crore. The new pipeline will supply untreated, raw water from the Selaulim canal at Sao Jose de Areal to the Verna industrial estate, a distance of about 22 kilometres. The pipeline will be extended further to Sancoale so that the same untreated water is supplied to Zuari industries limited.Borkar said that presently Verna industrial estate requires about 12 MLD (million litres per day) water whereas Zuari industries needs 7 MLD part of which is treated water. With the Verna industrial estate's requirement being met with the raw water and Zuari industries' quota of raw water also met with the new supply, the treated water now being supplied to these two entities will be diverted to Vasco, Borkar said. This will quench the thirst of the port town, now suffering from acute water shortages. Borkar also said that once the augmentation by 100 MLD of the Selaulim water treatment plant is complete, it will facilitate provision of 24X7 water supply to South Goa.Another important development in North Goa is that 20MLD of the newly-built 50MLD water treatment plant at Assonora will soon be commissioned. The plant was partially commissioned and 30MLD water was released earlier. That is the reason why this year, even in the hottest months of April and May, there were no cries of water shortage in Bardez taluka, especially in tail-end Porvorim. With the commissioning of the full plant and the release of the remaining 20 MLD from Assonora, North Goa's tourism hotspot and water guzzling taluka Bardez, will have abundant water, Borkar said.The full commissioning of the 50 MLD Assonora water treatment plant is important because while there is no shortage of raw water from the Tillari dam, North Goa did not have the capacity to treat the raw water. The commissioning of the full 50 MLD plant will fulfill that requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501398", "title": "Faulty drainage floods Lucknow's Old City areas", "text": "LUCKNOW: Faulty drainage system caused severe waterlogging in Mahmoodnagar area of Old City on Friday. The waterlogging was so severe that traders had to close their shops. The locals stayed indoors and those who did step out had to bear the stink.\"The entire road opposite the park near Chowk road was waterlogged. This problem has been existing since long but no official has paid any attention to it,'' said Syed Aqil Ahmed, a local resident and secretary, Purana Nakkhas Vyapar Mandal.Endorsing his views, other local residents pointed out that the situation was so bad that the dirty water entered the houses and made their living uncomfortable. \"The garbage and dirt that was in the nullah came straight into our houses and even after complaints, no one came to address the problem,'' said a resident.Aqil also said that he has filed a PIL in the high court. In February, the court had directed the Jal Nigam, and nagar nigam officials to solve the problem within three months. \"But nothing has happened till date. After the sewage overflows, some temporary work is done,'' said he.Complaints of drainage overflow were also reported from Vinamra Khand, Gomtinagar. Annoyed with the officials of Jal Nigam, 72-year-old Ramji Lal said, \"I have been making regular complaints about the sewer overflow near my house but the officials have turned a blind eye to the problem. The stink causes health hazards in the locality,'' said Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13498218", "title": "IM leaders from Pakistan plotted 13/7 strike: ATS", "text": "MUMBAI: The serial bombings that hit Mumbai on July 13 last year were planned and coordinated by Indian Mujahideen leaders from Pakistan, according to the chargesheet filed by the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) before a special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act court on Friday.The nearly 4,800-pages-long document names at least 10 accused and says that the objectives behind the bombings at Opera House, Zaveri Bazar and Dadar were to \"create instability in the state\" and to \"weaken the country's economy\". Twenty-seven people died in the blasts and another 127 were injured. The police have so far arrested five people in the case and are on the lookout for six others. The fifth arrest-of 52-year-old Kafeel Ansari-was made last Saturday; he will be chargesheeted later.\"Ansari, who originally hails from Bihar, had provided logistical support and actively participated in the criminal conspiracy,\" said Rakesh Maria, additional DGP, ATS.The chargesheet says that \"the entire criminal conspiracy was hatched by Riyaz Bhatkal and Yasin Bhatkal\", who are \"the chief cogs of the notorious\" Indian Mujahideen. The banned terrorist goup, it adds, was created by Pakistani spy agency ISI \"to spread terror in this country\". Riyaz and his brother Iqbal Bhatkal \"operate from Pakistan with the help of their associates based in India by imparting instructions to them\" via electronic means through Yasin.Riyaz and Yasin are two of the wanted accused named in the chargesheet. Among the remaining wanted accused are two suspected Pakistani nationals identified as Waqqas Ibrahim Shaikh and Danish alias Tabrez; a 22-year-old, Shaikh Mohd Tahsin Akhtar, currently believed to be on the run in Andhra Pradesh; and an Indian-born hawala operator based in Dubai named Muzzafar Kola. Kola's name had also figured in the kidnapping of Roy Burman, the owner of Kolkata-based Khadim Shoes. \"Kola had instructed Pathreja to hand over Rs 10 lakh to someone identified as Shivanand. Later, we found that Shivanand was none other than Yasin,\" said Maria. More than Rs 12 lakh was used to execute the three blasts.Those arrested and chargesheeted include Haroon Rashid Abdul Hameed Naik, Naquee Ahmed, Nadeem Akhtar and a Delhi-based hawala operator, Kawalnayan Pathreja.The chargesheet says that Tabrez planted the bomb at Zaveri Bazar alone and with Waqqas at Opera House. It does not identify the planter of the bomb at Dadar, though it is suspected to be Tahsin. At Zaveri Bazar, the explosive was left in a scooter; at Opera House, near a hawker stand; and at Dadar, atop a bus stop. The explosives were a concoction of many elements, main among which were ammonium nitrate and TNT .The bombs, the document states, were assembled at an apartment in Habib Mansion, Byculla-the same place where Tabrez and Waqqas stayed between February and November last year. During the course of the investigations, the police seized a desktop from the apartment and found there a pair of denims with semen. The semen, when compared with Naquee's blood samples, confirmed his presence in the flat at some point.Waqqas and Tabrez, incidentally, were identified as 'A' and 'B' in remand applications.\"We did not want to hamper our own investigation earlier. Now, we have got evidence against them so we revealed their identity,\" said Maria. He asserted that the police have clinching evidence against the perpetrators. \"We made the arrests only after we were 100 per cent sure of their involvement. Later, their interrogation led us to the root of the conspiracy.\"The chargesheet states that the case was cracked after information was received that certain \"suspicious youths from Darbhanga, Bihar, were frequenting Madanpura, Nagpada and Byculla and were using SIM cards obtained with fraudulent documents\".Simultaneously, an accused in another case, Abdul Wahab, revealed \"that Imran (Yasin Bhatkal) was interacting with 10-12 young Muslim boys from Darbhanga and adjoining areas and had been trying to indoctrinate them with inflammatory and provocative speeches, under the pretext of 'Darz' at a madrassa\".\"Wahab further disclosed that Naquee was a regular attendee of such a Darz and was staying at Madanpura since 2010 along with his associates. The ATS then traced Naquee and arrested him,\" the chargesheet says. \"A detailed analysis of the suspicious mobile numbers revealed that the wanted accused and Yasin had been in touch with a hawala operator from Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13500771", "title": "High five", "text": "'Short duration studies better than long hours'Aditi Dhamgaye | 2nd Science topper | 97.33% | Janata College, Chandrapur | SC categoryRegular studies in short, sharp bursts is more helpful as compared to slogging for long hours, feels Aditi. Likely to be the second topper in state, she says, \"I studied daily for three hours and never postponed my studies, no matter what came up. I want to be a doctor and hoping to get a seat at a top college. I am happy that I got a score which I had expected as I had put in a lot of effort.\" Singing helped her relax as her grandfather's death during the academic session has put her through a tough time.'Studied late into the night to maintain focus'Rasika Chaudhari | 3rd science topper from division | 97% | Janakidevi College of Science, Wardha | Open categoryHer sister, Madhura, was the state HSC topper in 2007 with 98% and Rasika just missed the benchmark. Aspiring to be a doctor, Rasika studied late in the night so that there is no disturbance. Her father is a doctor and uncle a chemistry professor, and this ensured that Rasika never needed to join a coaching class. \"I would study mostly in the night to maintain focus and also prepared for the medical entrance test and I am hoping to get a seat at some top college,\" said Rasika.'Gave up television and Bharatnatyam for studies'Minal Sonune | City topper | 96.33% | Shivaji Science College, Nagpur | Open categoryThe city's likely HSC topper gave up TV and movies this academic session as she prepared for the important exam. Though she loved to practice Bharatnatyam, the busy schedule gave her no time for that either. \"I am now planning to pursue MBBS and waiting for the entrance exam results,\" said Minal, whose parents are doctors in the city.'Reading a novel, listening to music helped me de-stress'Shubhangi Janiyani | MCVC topper | 83% | Dharampeth Science College, Nagpur | Open categoryHard work always pays. That is the simple formula which seems to have worked out for the likely city topper in the MCVC stream. Shubhangi wants to be an interior designer and took solace in reading a novel or listening to music when the workload got too much to handle. \"I am very happy to see the results as I had worked extremely hard for it,\" said Shubhangi.'Doing everything from the heart did the trick'Meenakshi Ghulghule | Arts topper | 88.80% | LAD College, Nagpur | Open categoryEven though Meenakshi studied at a lower English medium till Std X, she ensured that it won't be a hindrance in her aim to reach the top. The likely city topper for arts faculty aspires to be an IAS officer and believes that one should not do anything unless it is from the heart. \"I never did anything just for the sake of doing it, everything was from my heart and that is what did the trick for me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500695", "title": "CBSE class 12 results to be out on Monday", "text": "CHENNAI: The results of the CBSE Class 12 board exams will be published on Monday.Across the country, more than 8 lakh students took the Class 12 board exam this year. In the Chennai region, 69,825 students, including 7,847 from Tamil Nadu, registered for the exam this year. The Chennai zone comprises CBSE schools in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Goa, Puducherry, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and Daman and Diu.The board has made arrangements for students to access their exam results on the internet by logging on to www.results.nic.in, www.cbseresults.nic.in and www.cbse.nic.in. Students can also get their results through the interactive voice response system by dialing 011-24357276 or through SMS by texting the roll number to 9212357123.To help students overcome anxiety related to the exam results, the board has announced the second phase of counseling till June 7. Students can speak to experts, including principals, trained counsellors or psychologists, trained to address exam results-related psychological problems of parents and students by dialing the toll-free number 1800 180 3456.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13503130", "title": "Few takers in the state for telemedicine facility", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The telemedicine facility introduced by the Health Department with much fanfare has only a few takers owing to the lack of co-ordination between nodal telemedicine centres and specialty centres. The lack of knowledge among the public about the immense possibilities of the facility is another reason why it is not being utilized.The facility was launched in December 2005 to improve the health care service in remote areas and to lessen the health care expenses in the state with the help of information technology. The initiative received good response in the beginning. But with response slowly declining five of the nodal units in Malappuram were closed down.The government had set up 24 nodal centres in government hospitals in the 14 districts. In Kozhikode, the centres are functioning in Koyilandy Taluk Hospital and at Medical College Hospital.The facility enables the conduct of tele-consultation and the continuing medical education programme in the state. The nodal centres have been connected to specialty hospitals through the Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) dial-up connection. A patient sitting at a centre in any of the taluk hospitals can consult experts in the four specialty hospitals in Thiruvananthapuram -- Sree Chithira Tirunal Institute of Medical Science, Medical College Hospital, Regional Cancer Centre and Mental Health Centre.The facility is also making use of the telemedicine software MERCURY for the creation and transferring of the EMR from the telemedicine remote nodal centre to the super specialty centre.\"We facilitate patients at nodal centres and experts at super specialty hospitals to interact through video conferencing. At least five consultations are conducted every month The patients would be able to interact with any experts in cancer , neurology, cardiology specialty they want to,'' said Dr T Sudeesh, nodal officer at the telemedicine centre in Koyilandy General Hospital.Dr M P Sreejayan, official in charge of the telemedicine centre at Kozhikode Medical College Hospital, said lack of co-ordination between specialty and peripheral centres was the main cause of non-utilization of the facility. The Kozhikode hospital could conduct only 500 tele-consultations since its launch in 2005.Dr V Rajeevan, assistant director, Directorate of Health Service admitted that some of the telemedicine centres remain unutilized. He said the government was planning to revamp the entire scheme, and that Rs 10 lakh had been earmarked for this.\"We are planning to train doctors and staff associated with the project. A coordination meeting of all the health experts at specialty centres and telemedicine centres will be held next month to take a decision in this regard,'' said Dr Rajeevan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ipoh (malaysia)", "code": "13518820", "title": "India coach Michael Nobbs hoping for a better show against England", "text": "IPOH (MALAYSIA): India coach Michael Nobbs said his team will take inspiration form the victory over South Korea to put up an improved show in Sunday's Azlan Shah Cup match against fancied Great Britain, who were held to a draw by a late Malaysian resurgence.\"Even though we got the winning goal in the last minute of play, it was a character performance and we deserved the victory,\" said Nobbs, relieved that the tide had turned after the disastrous opening outing against New Zealand.Five-time champions India suffered a crushing 1-5 loss to New Zealand, but were revived by the 2-1 win over South Korea, Asia's highest-ranked team.Nobbs expressed disappointment that errors continue to creep into the Indian game, often when they are under pressure.\"We all need a victory to keep going and it was a satisfactory performance, but a few errors still crept in after a fine show in the first half of the match,\" he said.He also asserted that India were back on track in the tournament after SK Uthappa's final minute deflection on a Tushar Khandekar pass clinched them victory in a tight encounter.\"Uttapa scored an unbelievable deflection goal. It was nice to see the boys not giving up right up to the last second,\" he said.Nobbs said there were aspects the team was still working on, but the discipline in our game's structure against South Korea showed an improvement on the previous outing.\"It takes time to learn a style of play that we've only just started to use,\" Nobbs said as India braced for the encounter with Great Britain.\"It is very frustrating to see the errors creeping into the Indian game. That we need to sort out. Looking back at our match against New Zealand here, everything that was talked about and practiced was forgotten and the players were back to the old style of play.\"Britain, world No. 4, are the highest-ranked side and in this tournament and eager to reclaim the title 18 years after their triumph here in 1994.Having come here with the intent of clinching a morale-boosting title win and fine-tuning their squad ahead of the Olympic Games at home, Great Britain are feeling the stress of the hot and humid conditions.\"The game against Malaysia was five minutes too long for us and the heat turned out to be a factor,\" said Jason Lee, coach of the British team.Playing their first game of the tournament, Great Britain squandered a two-goal advantage by conceding field goals to young striker Faisal Saari in the last three minutes of play as Malaysia emerged with a 3-3 draw.Nobbs said Malaysia showed how the British team could be put under pressure.\"The young legs of the Malaysian team in the second half really put them under pressure and they scored twice in the last few minutes to force a draw. If we can get a point or more off Great Britain tomorrow then it will opens up the way for us to get to the final,\" he said.India, one of the biggest attractions of the Azlan Shah Cup, where their five title wins are just one behind Australia's record tally of six, finished a disappointing sixth in the seven-nation tournament in 2011 after being champions in the previous two years.New Zealand are at the top of the standings with a tally of six points from two matches, followed by Pakistan, who have three points from their only outing.India are on three points after two games, while Malaysia have two points from two drawn matches. A draw in their only outing gives Great Britian one point and South Korea have one point from two matches. Argentina have lost both their matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499982", "title": "Common Aptitude Test for English form sale to pick up after result", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first day of sale of forms for Common Aptitude Test for English (CATE) was rather slow as most Class XII students are still awaiting their results. Around 800-1,000 forms were sold across participating colleges on Friday, though the English department expects the rush to increase from Tuesday - a day after Class XII results are declared. This year, 21 colleges are going to admit students in BA (H) English through CATE which will be held on June 9. The exam forms will be available till June 4.\"The sale of forms usually picks up after Class XII results are out. Most students who turned up on the first day were those who had already got their ISC results. The trend every year is that the first day is a trickle and the last day a deluge. ,\" said Sanam Khanna, English faculty member, Kamala Nehru College (KNC) which is one of the 21 colleges participating in CATE.DU colleges had their individual entrance for BA (H) English till 2007 but CATE was introduced in 2009 with 12 colleges on board. Besides KNC, other colleges this year include Bharati, DCAC, Hindu, IP, Janaki Dev, Kirori Mal, Lady Shri Ram, Miranda House, Maharaja Agrasen Rajdhani, Shivaji, , Satyawati (morning), Satyawati (evening), Shyam Lal, Swami Shraddhanand, SPM, Shaheed Bhagat Singh, Zakir Husain (morning) and Zakir Husain (evening).CATE helps colleges make sure that only those students, who have a literary aptitude, join BA (honours) English, Khanna added. Any student who likes reading and has a love for literature can pursue the course. DU takes 70% of marks scored in CATE and 30% of class XII marks to arrive at a consolidated CATE score.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521983", "title": "Divyadarshan was my biggest support: Sonia Mann", "text": "Punjabi actress Sonia Mann, who was hoping to make her Mollywood debut with director Anil's Hide N' Seek, had an unlucky start. After two days of shoot she was shown the door citing several reasons. However, Sonia does not hold any grudge against the industry as such.\"It's true that my first experience in the Malayalam film industry was bad. But that will not stop me from signing M'wood movies in the future,\" says the actress. Sonia further adds that her co-star Divyadarshan in Hide N' Seek was her greatest support on the sets. \"He is such a warm person. He really tried to make me comfortable. However, things didn't work out well. But I am thankful to him for all the support when I needed it the most,\" says the model turned actress, who is currently in Mumbai and is busy with a Bollywood project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13507085", "title": "Sonia Gandhi to arrive today amid Ulfa hardliners' bandh", "text": "GUWAHATI: Congress president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi will arrive in the city on Saturday to attend the first anniversary celebration of the third consecutive term of the Congress government in the state. Ulfa hardliners, meanwhile, have called a bandh on the same day and police have intelligence inputs of possible attacks by the outfit on Congress offices.A government source said Sonia is scheduled to spend one hour and 20 minutes in the city and will attend a public rally at Sarusajai stadium, where the anniversary function is being organized by the Congress party. \"On its first anniversary, the government will showcase the transformation of Assam from an insurgency-ridden state to one with a resurgent economy,\" the spokesman said.On Tuesday last, the publicity in-charge of the Ulfa hardliners, Arunodoy 'Asom', in an e-mail stated, \"Our protest bandh on Saturday is against attempts by the government to install nuclear weapons' facilities in the state and the region, building of mega-dams that could bring devastation to the people and, more recently, the efforts to establish the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).\"The outfit has been protesting against the visit of central leaders to the state by calling bandhs. Ulfa hardliners had called bandh call on April 20 when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited Assam to attend the platinum jubilee celebration of the state legislative assembly.\"There are at least three teams of Ulfa hardliners that will try to create law and order disruptions in upper Assam and Guwahati. The inputs say that the hardliners would target Congress offices across the state, particularly those remotely located, and oil installations,\" a security source said.The source added, however, that security forces, which outnumber the rebels and have wider presence, are confident of nullifying any terror attempts. Unlike in the past when bandh calls given by Ulfa would be marked by cancellation and rescheduling of trains, this time no such precautionary measures have been take.Sonia is scheduled to arrive at Sarusajai Stadium located on a national highway on the outskirts of the city at noon from the airport. The Prime Minister, during his visit last month, was flown in by a chopper to another stadium in the heart of the city before being driven to different venues.Two hundred buses from each of the 10 districts in and around the city have been requisitioned to ferry people to Sarusajai Stadium here. From the 17 districts further away from the city, there will be one bus from each block ferrying people to the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13504879", "title": "HSC exams: \u2018Ill-equipped colleges caused Mumbai\u2019s fall\u2019", "text": "Mumbai's lowest performance in HSC exams in almost a decade is being mainly blamed by educationists on mushrooming of \"ill-equipped\" private colleges across the state board division. This year's 68.7% success rate is the lowest since 2003 when the city saw 84% students passing. Gone are the days when the Mumbai division topped the state. This year, it managed to cling on to its fourth position even as Latur rose through the ranks to be a close fifth.\"In the past few years, a number of private colleges have cropped up in the city. They don't even have proper infrastructure or qualified professors. This has been affecting the city's overall performance year after year,\" said T A Shiware, principal of Hinduja College, Grant Road. He blamed the state government for granting permission to such colleges. \"The government needs to get stricter with its rules and make sure that schools and colleges are well-equipped with infrastructure as well as resources to function properly.\"The state education department has been receiving several requests from schools to extend their permission to accommodate Class XII. This, said educationists, might be one of the main reasons for the falling success rate of the city. Others also blamed the decline on a change in syllabus of certain subjects. \"Students are only just getting used to changes made in the syllabus of a couple of subjects, especially in the commerce stream,\" said a former official of the state board.\"Mumbai is the largest division in the state and has a mix of students; those who have a lot of facilities in terms of education and an equal number of students who come from weaker sections and don't have much financial back-up . This might be a reason for the dip, although it is marginal ,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman , state board.City colleges with a high pass percentage planned to felicitate their toppers since the state board did not announce any toppers.Meanwhile, Kolhapur retained its top position with the highest pass percentage at 76.7% while Amravati, at 55.9%, came in last with the lowest performance second year in a row. Latur rose two notches with a pass percentage of 66.1%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504848", "title": "Water scarcity in Maharashtra due to lack of management at government level, says Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Friday said that water scarcity in many parts of the state was manmade and not a result of natural causes. He said that lack of management at the government level and failure in implementing water supply schemes have resulted in the situation.He also wondered why there was a delay in publishing a white paper on the status of irrigation projects, as promised by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Addressing a news conference before a public rally here, Hazare said, \"Over the years, crores of rupees have been allotted for construction of dams and irrigation schemes, however, 50% villages in the state have failed to receive the benefits. A lot of money is involved in construction of dams and it looks as if some people have cornered the money allotted for irrigation projects.\"Hazare reiterated that the country needed a strong and autonomous Lokpal and Lokayuktas who will work without any political interference and pressure and will address corruption issues and compel government officials to address problems of the common man.He said that the government will face the heat of people's anger if it fails to take steps to curb corruption and bring a strong Lokpal. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should be brought under the purview of the Lokpal as many political parties have misused the CBI to further their own interests, he added.Hazare said, \"The government has failed to formulate a law in the last one-and-half years. This shows that they do not have the intention of bringing a strong law to restrict corruption. An agitation will be called ahead of the 2014 general elections if the government fails to bring a strong Lokpal by then. I will be at the Ramlila ground and people will be on the streets to demand a strong Lokpal.\"He said that a meeting has been scheduled in the first week of June with his team members to discuss the next course of action against 14 ministers in the Union cabinet who have corruption charges against them. \"We will ask the government why a probe is not being conducted against these ministers,\" the Gandhian said.Hazare said that his state-wide tour which began on May 1 has received a good response so far. As many as 25 districts have been covered so far. The tour aims to educate people and bring awareness among then about the need for a strong Lokayukta in the state. He said that attempts were made to disturb his ongoing tour. \"The vehicle I was travelling in was attacked at Nagpur. The government has failed to conduct an inquiry and register an offense in the matter,\" said Hazare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13523220", "title": "SRK apologises, ready to pay fine", "text": "The ongoing rage and discussion over Shah Rukh Khan's public smoking comes to a halt as he has finally pleaded guilty and accepted to pay the fine. Shah Rukh Khan who is the co-owner of team Kolkata, was summoned by Jaipur Court for smoking at Sawai Mansingh Stadium on April 8 th , during an IPL match between Team Rajasthan and Team Kolkata.The owner of Jaipur cricket academy, Anand Singh , had filed a complaint against him for smoking in public under section 5/11 of Rajasthan Prohibition of Smoking Act. The summon was sent to him last week at his residence in Mumbai. SRK was supposed to appear in court, today.But his lawyer had filed a petition saying the actor has pleaded guilty and is ready to pay the fine.The next hearing on this case would be in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499668", "title": "431 in fray as filing of bypoll papers closes", "text": "HYDERABAD: A total of 431 candidates had filed their papers till Friday, the last day for filing nominations for bypolls to 18 Assembly constituencies and the lone Lok Sabha seat on June 12.On Friday, 212 candidates jumped into the byelection fray. The largest number of nominations was received at Tirupati where 45 contestants registered for the bypolls with the lowest number witnessed in Narasannapet where only 10 nominations were filed.The constituency-wise break up of candidates is 36 for Parkal, 14 in Payakaraopeta, 11 in Polavaram (ST), 25 in Kodur (SC), 30 in Allagadda, 30 in Ramachandrapuram, 12 in Rayadurgam, 24 in Rayachoti, 14 in Narsapuram, 30 in Ongole, 26 in Macherla, 19 in Udayagiri, 23 in Anantapur Urban, 29 in Rajampeta and 17 each in Prattipadu (SC) and Emmiganur.A total of 19 candidates have filed their nominations for the Nellore Lok Sabha seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504689", "title": "Civic body distances itself from career guidance fest", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has decided not to extend funds to the three-day career guidance festival, which began in the city on Friday. The PMC has been co-sponsoring the festival for the last eight years. But this year, it has cited procedural lapses in the tendering process on part of the organizers for not extending the funds. The festival entails an expenditure of Rs 25 lakh.As per normal procedure, the standing committee gives a go-ahead for such programmes. After which tenders are floated and approved. But in the present case, the organizers manipulated and got the tenders approved first and later sent the proposal to the standing committee for its approval. \"As a result, the administration has decided not to give funds for the festival this year,\" municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said while speaking to reporters.Any allocation of above Rs 3 lakh needs a permission from the state government. The organizers had also failed to take an approval from the state government, he said, adding that the administration will look into how officials at the PMC gave a green signal to the festival.Action will be initiated against erring officials, Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499296", "title": "Court granted 6-day custody of Mangali Krishna", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Nampally Criminal Court granted six-day custody of YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's close aide Mangali Krishna to the Crime Investigation Department (CID) on Friday.CID officials said that Krishna, who was arrested on Wednesday, will be in their custody from Saturday to Thursday. The sleuths wanted to grill Krishna, accused of extorting money by threatening contractors of Handrineeva project, over his involvement in various land and financial transactions that he allegedly executed along with gangster Bhanu Kiran.CID officials said Bhanu in his confession spoke of Krishna's involvement in most of the settlements which he did. However, Krishna denied it by saying that he had not met Bhanu for the last three years and that he was being framed by the CID officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13517085", "title": "Keira Knightley engaged to beau James Righton", "text": "Keira Knightley is set to marry her rock star boyfriend, James Righton.The British actress has become engaged to Klaxons keyboardist Righton after dating since early last year, the actress' spokesperson has confirmed.The couple has been together for around 15 months after being introduced by his ex-girlfriend, TV presenter Alexa Chung .\"I can confirm that Keira is engaged to be married to James Righton,\" the Telegraph quoted Knightley's spokeswoman as saying.But the details of the proposal have been kept under wraps.\"We are not discussing any further details,\" her publicist added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13517787", "title": "Raima is the family liar: Moon Moon Sen", "text": "They are critics, they are friends, they are family. between Moon moon Sen and daughter Raima, there are no taboo words. as the two come together for a rare photoshoot, they talk about skin show, sex scenes, boyfriends and everything sen-sational.Both of you received the Banga Bibhushan on behalf of Suchitra Sen at the first edition of the awards. What was her reaction to this? Moon Moon: I'm not going to talk about Maa. She would have accepted the Dadasaheb Phalke if she was really into awards. There's only one award that she accepted in her life. She is the first Indian actress to have received an international award. Agey jete hoto, jeto. But now, she's not into it anymore. She has retired from public life. This time around, she didn't say anything. I remember how someone in a respectable position in a university would call up for three months. Then he thought I was in charge and I wasn't allowing her to speak to him. He was rather abusive. I remember telling him, 'You are very rude, old man'. Maa has nothing to do with it anymore. I knew the people associated with this award ceremony and they were extremely courteous. Without asking Maa, I went...Raima: It is a prestigious thing and we are happy.Coming to the mother-daughter bonding, considering Raima's busy schedule, isn't it becoming increasingly difficult to spend time together? R: Mummy and me? I don't get too much time with her. Mummy is always shopping. M: Let's first establish this that Raima is the family liar. Earlier, in the mornings, she would have tea, read the newspapers in the drawing room, where I'd also be present, before leaving for work. So, we at least got a chance to talk. But then, if a newspaper didn't have her picture, it would be thrown away. So, the rule was to read the newspapers before they got stashed in a bin. Now, there's no time at all. Raima will sit with her dad and have a chat, but I never get a chance to talk to her, unless she walks into my room to ask, 'Am I looking pretty?' R: As I said, there's no time. Mummy's busy shopping. M: Raima's shooting all the time. O bhishon boro heroine hoye gechhe. I'll rather spend time with Koel (Mallick).What about current Bengali films? Are you keeping an eye on all of them? M: I pick up some DVDs. I bought the DVD of \"Bhooter Bhobishyot\", because I heard the film is good. Recently, I went to watch a film, I don't remember what. It was by a renowned technician-turned-director, but it was torturous sitting through the film. So, these days, I don't go to the theatre unless I've heard very good reviews. Of course, I will go for Anjan's (Dutt) films, Sandip's (Ray) films, but not all... R: If I'm in Kolkata, I catch the films. M: In any case, theatres are so hot! The film to watch now is \"Tezz\". I love films on the underworld. There has been one in Tollywood too. But I don't know whether it got released or not.Raima is part of the most-talked about films... M: I'm very proud of her performances. But at times, I feel, o beshi pakamo kore. She doesn't understand that the rural audience, who shell out money to buy the tickets and who can make her a star, remember her for a film like \"Moyna\". I want Raima to star opposite Dev. No point in trying to be Shabana Azmi . Raima is an expensive girl, she needs her designer bags and shoes. R: I wouldn't mind doing commercial films too. I'm waiting for Venkatesh Films to offer me a role. They had offered me one in the past, but things didn't work out then... M: The day she goes to a village with Koel, she'll get an understanding of the industry. When people will go 'Koel, Koel, Koel', she'll know who is a bigger star. And Raima has to become a star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13505031", "title": "HSC exams: High-scoring streams witness a dip in pass percentage this year", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai division's poor performance in the HSC board examination was reflected in the pass percentages of all three streams-Arts , Science and Commerce. The over-all pass percentage in each of these streams dipped by one per cent when compared to last year's results. Of the 79,932 students who appeared for the board examination in the Science stream, 83.3% passed-a one per cent drop since 2011, and a 3.6% drop when compared to 2010. The majority of students (1.75 lakh) were from the Commerce stream, but only 1.1 lakh students or 63.04% passed.With only 49,290 candidates, Arts not only had the minimum number of candidates , but with only 62.3% clearing the examination, it had the lowest pass percentage among all the streams.\"Papers in the Arts stream are theoretical and lengthier than Science and Commerce subjects. Also, students in the Science stream can score full marks in practicals unlike those in Arts. And that is why Arts is not high-scoring . That said, it can't be a justification for the falling grades,\" said Suhas Pednekar , principal of Ramnarain Ruia College, Matunga.Manisha Antale, a psychology professor at St Joseph's Junior College at Nerul, said: \"I have noticed that students who do very well in SSC usually tend to become lax in junior college especially in the Arts stream.\" A few college principals, however, said that many students who had opted for Arts had scored 90% and above, which is a rare but growing trend.Commerce, too, saw a dip in its overall pass percentage leaving more principals worried as the subject is considered to be high-scoring.\"The poor performance in the Commerce stream can be attributed to a syllabus change, which came into effect this year. Even though Commerce students have high-scoring subjects such Mathematics and Accountancy where one can get full marks, they have equally difficult subjects like languages and Organisation of Commerce (OC),\" said T Shiware, principal of Hinduja College , Grant Road. According to Shiware, colleges need to introduce extra classes for academically weaker students in order to increase the overall pass percentage . This, he said, could be one way to improve Mumbai's pass percentage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13522197", "title": "Bloody D", "text": "CreditsCast: Aslam Khan, Sanaa, Deep Joshi, Aman Uppal, Danica Moadi, Roaleey Ryan, Bindu Chowdhury, Ravi Janghu, Aditya Pancholi Story, Screenplay, Dailogues: Aslam Khan Banner: K.K. Media Cinematographer: K. Rajkumar, Prasantt Rai, Pradeep S Khanvilkar Editor: Unni Krishnan P.P Art Director: Murlidhar J Sabat, Ratan Suryawanshi Music: Sajjad Ali Chandwni, Akriti Aditya, MIL Lyrics: Turaz, Salim Bijori, Megha BhardwajSynopsisSometimes you have to believe the unbelievable...Bloody D is a bold cinematic attempt, creating a different dimension to the regular horror and psycho thriller cinema. It is the first gory Indian movie ever attempted, leaving behind the out dated concepts of ghost, black magic and cannibalism...Bloody D is the film where blood is used as the KEY element to create fear and play games with the minds of our central characters. The film never fails to shock the viewers and they start believing the unbelievable... forget the cine-goers with an appetite for real bloody cinema, even the non-believers will scream in fear.If death was the only question, then escaping the question was the only answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13507094", "title": "Court arrests growth of Rock Garden", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Work on phase three of Rock Garden has to come to a halt with construction being banned in the Sukhna catchment area by the Punjab and Haryana high court. The Survey of India map available with the Punjab town planning department shows Rock Garden, Sukhna Lake and Lake Club fall in the restricted area. Some part of the high court complex comes under the catchment area.For the past three years, UT administration has been working on the extension of the third phase of the rock garden. Many sculptures are already being made and placed under that new phase whereas many sculptures are yet to be placed.After the opening of this new phase, people need not have to go back from phase three as the exit is planned there only. Administration has spent crores of rupees on this extension, but now with the stay the further construction has come to a halt.UT chief engineer S K Chadha said he is yet to receive a copy of the orders of the Supreme Court and they will stop the construction work. Ashok Pathria, executive officer and in charge of demolition team, Mohali, said rock garden is in the catchment area and if they are looking that no construction should come up in Kansal UT officials should make sure that construction stops in Rock Garden, Lake and Lake Club as well.Kingdom of SukraniNek Chand, 88, who in his spare time began collecting materials from demolition sites around the city and recycled these into his own vision of the divine \"Kingdom of Sukrani\", choosing a gorge in a forest near Sukhna Lake for his work. He was able to hide the Rock Garden for 18 years before it was discovered by the authorities in 1975. By this time, it had grown into a 12acre complex of interlinked courtyards, each filled with hundreds of pottery-covered concrete sculptures of dancers, musicians, and animals. It is visited by over 5,000 people daily, with a total of over 12 million visitors since its inception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13498424", "title": "Five cities shortlisted to host Champions League Twenty20", "text": "CHENNAI: The Champions League is likely to be played in five venues across India from October 10-28. The cities that are in the running for hosting the tournament are Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore and New Delhi.The final will be played either in Chennai or New Delhi while the opening ceremony is likely to be in Kolkata. Even though the tournament starts on October 10, the opening ceremony will only take place on October 13 because on the first three days, the qualifiers will be played.The three teams from India in the fray are KKR, CSK and Delhi Daredevils, while defending champions Mumbai Indians will have to go through the qualifiers. Eden Gardens would have been a firm contender to host the final, but the Durga Pujas from October 20-25 has ruled them out of contention.Chennai Super Kings' games will be held in Chennai while Kolkata have asked for October 13, 15 and 17 to host KKR's matches. The Champions League organising committee will take a final decision on the issue.Meanwhile, the organising committee is still awaiting the clearance of Sialkot Stallions' participation in the Champions League from the central government. But the Board officials expect that it will come before May 28, before they draw up the fixtures for the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13498698", "title": "Rain-ready: Prithviraj Chavan sets June 8 deadline for monsoon-related work", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday warned the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) and the railways to complete all monsoon-related work by June 8. The government, he said, will act if officials fail to meet the deadline.The warning came as the southwest monsoon is advancing rapidly towards the city and civic agencies are allegedly dragging their feet over rain-remedial work.At a review of pre-monsoon work in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai and areas of the Konkan belt, the weather department said Maharashtra is likely to receive 'normal' rainfall this monsoon, which is expected to reach here by June 10. \"I have directed the state machinery to be prepared for any crisis-like situation. It seems, barring a few areas of concern, we are more or less ready to face the challenges posed by this year's monsoon,\" said Chavan.The meeting was attended by the guardian ministers of the island city and suburbs, relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam, Konkan strongman and senior minister Narayan Rane, and officials of the BMC, MMRDA, railways, army and navy. While Chavan was happy with arrangements by agencies, he expressed concern over the slow progress of work along the Mithi River, a major cause of flooding during the 2005 deluge.The central-funded Brimstowad project, which will augment the city's storm water drain network, also came under the scanner. There is need to remove encroachments along Mithi on a 'war-footing' and obtain NoCs faster from the railways for the Brimstowad project, Chavan said.Civic officials were told to ensure roads remain motorable during the monsoons and the city remains free of any epidemic. The railways were told to install high velocity pumps on the Main and Harbour lines. On the Western line, officials informed Chavan that the new Siemens rakes could operate even with 250 mm of rainfall.\"The problem areas are the Main and Harbour lines, where 50-75 mm of rainfall could affect services,\" said Chavan. Railway officials were told to arrange 24x7 control rooms and effective public announcement systems in case of a breakdown.Overall, Chavan said, the state was prepared to tackle the monsoons and assured Mumbaikars that they would face minimum inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13505153", "title": "Physically challenged students register pass percentage of 70.39", "text": "PUNE: Overcoming various odds, physically challenged and special students in the state registered a 70.39% success rate in the higher secondary certificate (HSC, Std XII) 2012 exam.Of the 5,044 students who appeared for the exam, 3,551 were declared passed.The state board has extended certain concessions to physically challenged and special students in the wake of the Bombay high court's ruling in 2006. This includes use of calculators for mathematics, book-keeping and accounts.Similarly, the state commissioner for the physically handicapped had issued directives to provide 20 minutes of additional time to the visually-impaired, the physically disabled as well as those afflicted by cerebral palsy. These students are also allowed the facility of a writer, who should be a student from at least one standard below Std XII. The government has also issued a directive on May 13, 2009, providing 20 grace marks instead of 15 grace marks for physically challenged and special students.State board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav said, \"All these measures have had a good effect on the performance of these students.\"For instance, 678 of the 914 visually-impaired students who appeared in the exam have been declared passed. This works out to a 74.18 pass percentage for visually impaired students.Another 250 of the 407 hearing-impaired students cleared the exam for a pass percentage of 61.43, while 52 of the 83 mute students cleared the exam for a success rate of 62.65%, he said.Referring to orthopaedically challenged students, Jadhav said that 3,016 such students had appeared in the exam and 2,033 had passed which made for a success rate of 67.41%.Among those suffering from spasticity, 51 out of 70 students cleared the exam for a success rate of 72.86%, while 487 out of 554 students with dyslexia cleared the exam for a pass percentage of 87.91.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "13505523", "title": "Cops raid Food Corporation of India &amp; State Food Corporation godowns in Kishanganj", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Araria SP Shivdeep Lande on Thursday led a team of cops and raided the godowns of Food Corporation of India (FCI) and State Food Corporation (SFC) at Paschimpali in Kishanganj soon after he assumed additional charge of the district.Huge quantities of rotten and sub-standard foodgrains were being re-packaged at the godowns, when the police busted the racket.The re-packed foodgrains were intended to be supplied for distribution among the BPL and other people under different schemes of the government, police said. The godowns were immediately sealed, the SP said.SFC district manager J K Srivastava was immediately summoned and asked to furnish the details of the arrivals and dispatch of foodgrains during the last three months.Lande later talking to newsmen later in the day said, \"A huge racket was thriving in Kishanganj district for quite a long time and wondered how the network of mafia, engaged in the racket, are working with impunity.''In this context, he said an FIR was lodged against as many as 12 persons after three tractor loads of foodgrains were confiscated at Jokihat in Araria district.\"All three tractor loads of foodgrains were released from the SFC godowns in Kishanganj and were being sold in black-market,\" he added. He, however, withheld the names of 12 mafia engaged in this shoddy business at the moment lest they go underground and escape arrest.He said huge quantities of foodgrains earmarked for BPL families and other schemes were systematically being lifted from FCI/SFC godowns in Kishanganj district and were smuggled into Nepal and West Bengal, and mafia working in collusion with officials and others, had amassed huge amount over the years at the cost of the poor and the marginalized section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13504134", "title": "Three held for cheating traders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police on Thursday arrested three persons wanted in more than 20 cases of cheating. Police said that the trio had so far caused losses to traders to the tune of Rs 24 lakh.Vastrapur police said that Yash Kothari, a resident of Madhavpura, owns a shop of nutmeg in the same area. He registered a complaint stating that Amit Ramchandani, a resident of Ahmedabad and Bipin Thakkar and his son Hardik, residents of Patan, got stock of nutmeg worth Rs 1.5 lakh on credit in May 2011 but never paid him.\"Based on a tip off, we arrested the three when they were in process of contacting other traders. We have also seized nutmeg worth Rs 1.30 lakh from a godown. During their questioning, we got to know that they have duped traders and wholesale dealers in cities and towns such as Surat, Vasad, Unjha, Bavla and Viramgam,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Talking about their modus operandi, the investigators said that the Thakkars traded in puffed rice in Patan and thus had good credit in the market. Taking advantage of their position, they started trading in other goods such as spices and chili. They initially used to promise to buy the bulk and would pay some time after getting the stock. Once a trader got used to the delays, the trio would siphon the goods off and leave the city.\"They would trade the same goods in major markets such as Unjha and make money. They would dispose off the goods very quickly on different names and thus were difficult to track. As they could not dispose off stock of nutmeg, we were lucky that they were caught with the goods,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13507529", "title": "Ludhiana goes pitch dark", "text": "LUDHIANA: By the time you read this, you might have spent an entire night without electricity. In fact, many parts of the city will remain without power for many hours on Saturday too.A 100MVA transformer at the 220kV power grid of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) in Lalto village caught fire at around 6pm on Friday evening bringing life to a halt across the city. Authorities said ''internal failure\" caused the fire.PSPCL chief engineer (central zone) K L Sharma said it is a major power failure affecting 20 sub-stations. ''There was another 100MVA transformer next to the one that caught fire but we were able to save it,'' he added.Sharma said, ''Most areas would remain in dark through out Friday night. PSPCL employees would be at work round the clock to restore power supply.\"He added that this has been the biggest power failure at the 220kV power grid in Ludhiana's history.Residents found themselves in disarray as heat made the situation unbearable on Friday evening. The complain centre was flooded with calls from residents.''The power failure caused immense inconvenience to everyone in the city. There is no water as a result of the breakdown and it is uncertain when will the electricity be restored,'' said businessman Manpreet Singh from Gurdev Nagar.Power department officials added they will try to supply electricity to some parts through the Ferozepur feeder.Blacked OutModel Town, South City, Hambran Road, Sreen, GT Road, Ferozepur Road, Gill Road, Dugri, Rajguru Nagar, DC Complex (mini secretariat), Haibowal, Aman Park, Balloke Village, Gurdev Nagar, Sarabha Nagar and other surrounding areas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13506386", "title": "Carpooling, the way ahead for techies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Carpooling was regarded as an attempt to explore the possibilities of reducing carbon footprint of IT industry in Kerala, when the concept was launched in 2009. Now, with the petrol prices climbing every now and then, those behind the idea see the possibility of more people from Technopark here and Infopark in Kochi joining the initiative in a big way.The website www.parkcarpool.in was launched in April 2009 by Group of Technology Companies (GTech), in partnership with Palnar Transmedia, a software development firm in Technopark, under the Green Computing Initiative.\"This was the first such initiative in Kerala. The website targets IT professionals of Technopark and Infopark. We have now close to 1,000 registered users and 45 active carpools. We hope the rise in fuel price would attract more people to the initiative,\" says Syed Ibrahim, managing director of Palnar Transmedia Private Limited.\"We have taken some precautionary measures like registration using the official company e-mail id and employee number while using the website for carpooling. We have requested women carpoolers to look at carpooling within the same company and also to meet up with the co-carpoolers within the campus to avoid untoward incidents,\" he said.The carpool website insists that those who use the service should meet/contact other members at the work place or within the premises of Technopark or Infopark. Also members should provide all necessary data to the website with whom their pooling is active and keep it handy for future reference. There are more than 34,000 professionals working in Technopark and around 20,000 in Infopark.\"We are planning to take steps to make the carpooling initiative more popular among professionals working in Infopark and Technopark. Many are currently using this facility to commute to the office. During Fridays, 20 additional carpools are formed for long trips to places like Kochi, Kottayam and Kanyakumari,\" said GTech chief executive officer Binu Shankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13500925", "title": "Villagers demand enhanced compensation for acquired land, houses", "text": "YAVATMAL: The chairman of Lower Pus river irrigation project action committee and sarpanch of village Veni (BK) Dadarao Punde said that they have not yet been paid the enhanced compensation for their land and houses acquired by the special land acquisition officer (SLAO) of Yavatmal despite high court's directives to the state of Maharastra to release the amount within six months of the ruling, which was pronounced on March 29, 2011. He was addressing a press conference held here on Friday.\"Our land was acquired at a throw away price of Rs 1,100 - Rs1,800/- per acre and our houses were demolished by paying a meagre compensation at the rate ranging from Rs 250 to Rs 10,000 each,\" Punde said, adding that high court of Nagpur has quashed and set aside the order passed by the SLAO and directed the state government to pay an enhanced compensation at par with their project-affected counterparts elsewhere in the district.The district collector and officials of the Vidarbha irrigation development board are deliberately delaying the payment by giving one or the other petty reasons, Punde further alleged and cautioned the officials of imposing a ban on their entry in the dam site from June 1, if their compensation is not paid before the deadline.It is pertinent to note that the Lower Pus River Irrigation Project was the brain child of former chief minister Vasantrao Naik who personally performed the ground breaking of the project in 1975. The estimated cost of the project was Rs4.9 crore in those days but when it was completed in 1983, the cost had gone up manifold.The notification under section 4 of Land Acquisition Act, 1894 was made in 1976 for the acquisition of over 1300 hectare land, both dry and irrigated, stretching over five villages under submergence and two other villages partially and as a consequence, over 1300 families and their houses were affected. The five affected villages were relocated subsequently but the government failed to ensure all the civic amenities even after 30 years. Over 200 project hit are still homeless and continue to struggle for justice.According to Ramrao Surose, vice president of the action committee, the dam has a 54km left canal and officials claimed the project to be fully completed and commissioned. The naked truth is that water from the canal has never reached the tail end till now and it could irrigate the land up to 25 kms.\"Though we surrendered our land at throw away price, we have never been supplied a single drop of water from the canal or not an inch of land is irrigated from it,\" alleged the secretary of the action committee Sudamrao Devade.The major demands of the Action Committee, according to Parshramji Punde are to pay the enhanced compensation to the project-hit in five villages for the land and houses acquired for the project as per the HC orders, to provide employment in the government service to at least one member of the affected families, to reallocate the land lying vacant to the original owners for cultivation, to waive the water tax imposed by the irrigation department to the affected farmers, to reinstate the daily wages workers who were terminated from the EGS work due to the enforcement of 'zero budget system' and others.Five villages, namely, Veni (Bk), Dongargaon, Kanha, Dhar Kanha and Paluvadi are under the submergence of the project, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500838", "title": "3 new MTC services to ply on IT Corridor", "text": "CHENNAI: Three new MTC bus routes were introduced between Madhya Kailash and Siruseri on Old Mahabalipuram Road (IT Corridor) on Friday.There will now be a bus every 15 minutes between 7am and 11am and between 5pm and 9pm for the benefit of the scores of commuters, mostly employees of IT companies, using the stretch. There are 200 buses operating along the stretch already.\"Unlike many of the existing routes that cover the main road, buses on the new routes will ply through the interior areas where some companies are located. For example, about 4km after Navalur, buses on one of the new routes will turn right and go through areas where there are several IT companies,\" said a senior official.\"No AC buses have been introduced as of now but we will look at the response for these buses and introduce AC services later,\" said the official.Representatives from the National Association of Software and Service Companies (Nasscom) say that more than one lakh people are employed in nearly 100 companies along the stretch. \"These new routes will result in many employees preferring MTC buses to their two-wheelers or cars. This will reduce the congestion and will facilitate better transport,\" said Nasscom regional director K Purushotham. Though the buses are not exclusive for IT employees, the timings have been tailor made for them. \"There will be 100 trips in a day on these routes,\" said Purushotham.A recent study done by the Institute for Transport and Development Policy showed that MTC and private buses occupied only 16% of the road but accounted for 63% of the commuters.MTC said ticket sales show that most commuters working in the IT Corridor travel there from Mylapore, Saidapet, Velachery and Thiruvanmiyur. There is considerable traffic on the road connecting Thoraipakkam and Chromepet as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504867", "title": "CBSE class X results: Allahabad students excelled", "text": "ALLAHABAD: City students excelled in the results of class X examinations declared by the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) here on Thursday with more than a 100 students from different schools securing cumulative grade point awarded (CGPA) score of 10 which, after calculation, comes to around 95% marks and above.At YMCA Centenary School and College, four students - Ashish Kumar, Mohd Shanif Ansari, Aman Abhishek Tewari and Kuldeep Kumar Srivastava - secured the CGPA of 10 while Prashant Kumar Yadav and Arshum Ansari secured 9.8 CGPA.The results of Maharaishi Vidya Mandir, Kalindipuram, was cent percent with 7 students - Shivansh Kesarwani, Ramanand Mishra, Pallav Dwivedi, Shiva Agarwal, Shivang Verma, Ankit Srivastava and Yatharth Anand securing CGPA of 10.At Kendriya Vidyalaya, New Cantonment, 18 students secured CGPA of 10. These students were Shivani Bhimrao Gaikwad, Sphurti Saxena, Syed Shafaat Ahmad, Varunesh Pandey, Rishu Kalpana, Snehlata Singh, Aashish Kumar Shukla, Mohd Saif Ansari and others. At Bethany Convent School, Naini, seven students - Aditya Kumar Singh, Suraj Tripathi, Priya Pant, Abhishek Gupta, Aekansh Mishra, Roopshikha and Manish Chaubey secured CGPA of 10.Similarly at Kendriya Vidyalaya (AFS), Bamrauli, 16 students secured CGPA of 10 while at KV, Manuari, and IFFCO Phulpur, the number stood at 6 and 3 respectively. However, the maximum number of students who secured CGPA of 10 was 37 at Maharishi Patanjali Vidya Mandir.Likewise, 27 students of Army School, New Cantonment, also secured CGPA of 10. At Tagore Public school, 14 students - Vaishali Dhir, Sugandha Malviya, Varunika Jain, Nidhi Shivhare, Priyam Agarwal, Yash Tandon, Tapan Kesarwani, Rachit Srivastava, Vibhor Agarwal, Anubhav Kesari, Satyam Gupta, Abhinav Singh, Srishti Gupta and Kalpit Jaiswal - secured CGPA of 10.At Allahabad Public School, Subedargunj, 29 students including Abhishek Kumar Singh, Anmol Chaudhary, Arunima Sharma, Chandra Prakash Singh, Deeksha Mishra and others also secured CGPA of 10.At Central Academy, Jhunsi, seven students - Neeraj Tripathi, Divyanshu Pathak, Sumit Srivastava, Shreya Singh, Aditi Srivastava, Ayush Srivastava and Rutam Biswal - secured CGPA of 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13504891", "title": "For these movie buffs, ye dil mange more", "text": "INDORE: Movie buffs in the city are unhappy with the limited number of screenings of original version of English films in city multiplexes. With most multiplexes screening the original version of English films only during the morning and late evening hours, many Indoreans find it difficult to catch up on the latest blockbusters and often miss out.Sakshi Parikh, a movie buff says \"It is often difficult for me to go for late evening shows in English. And in such cases, there have been times when I have missed out on good films. There is a need for more shows of original versions of Hollywood films.\"\"We are generally busy with family members during mornings and evenings. Also, with only few multiplexes screening original version of Hollywood films, procuring tickets often becomes a problem,\" says Priyanka Chhabra, a student.Lesser number of English film screenings has compelled many youngsters in the city to either stream films online or watch their dubbed version. Rajeev Roark, a professional says, \"With dubbing, the essence of films gets diluted. At times, lines dubbed in other languages have no relevance to the plot. So I prefer watching films online.\"Similarly, Nobel Xavier, a student believes that films are more effective when watched in the native language.\"Quite recently, I had no other option but to watch the film Avengers in Hindi. Some of the lines dubbed in Hindi were hilarious,\" he says.However, the managers of the multiplexes claim that majority of English-speaking audience, which mainly consists of professionals and students, go for evening shows of English films.\"Working class audience comes for evening shows of Hollywood films while student traffic is observed in morning hours,\" says Abhijeet Kulkarni , Marketing manager, PVR Cinemas, Indore.With increased awareness about global cinema in Indore, the number of people going for foreign film screenings has increased tremendously. Multiplexes have observed a good traffic of people who come to watch the original version of English films.Pankaj Tilhadiya of Satyam Cineplex says, \"Of the total number of people who watch Hollywood films, around 50% prefer to watch the original version.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13518218", "title": "Morne Morkel was left out for the sake of balance in the side: Eric Simmons", "text": "CHENNAI: The decision to leave out paceman Morne Morkel in the IPL Qualifier-II raised a lot of eyebrows but Delhi Daredevils head coach Eric Simmons defended the strategy, saying it was aimed at finding the \"right balance\" in the side.Simmons said Andre Russell was an automatic choice in place of injured all-rounder Irfan Pathan and they needed a second spinner against the Chennai batting line-up, so little known Sunny Gupta was chosen.Delhi crashed out of the IPL 5 as they conceded a mammoth 222 runs and went on to suffer a humiliating 86-run defeat against Chennai Super Kings , on Friday.\"When we do not have the services of Irfan Pathan, we needed to find balance. The question is not about Morne Morkel. Russell bowled well giving away 29 runs, took a catch and scored 16 runs. He made a decent contribution. So, you could measure from that perspective. Russell was the direct replacement for Irfan Pathan,\" Simmons said at the post-match press conference.\"That is the decision we made and took our chance. Sunny was a risk. Obviously, Chennai are a very balanced side with four left-handers and four right-handers in the top eight and it makes very difficult. We had to take a decision to play someone who turns the ball away,\" he added.Simmons said they could have won the match had they restricted Chennai to under-200.\"Chennai has been very good in chasing. Murali Vijay played an incredible innings. If we could have restricted them to 180 or so, we could get it and then things works. It is difficult to sit in a situation like this and completely judge in hindsight. Someone plays a great innings and we paid the price,\" he said.The coach also defended skipper Virender Sehwag coming at number three, instead of opening the innings.\"The batting line of Warner and Viru had not worked well. It was a better option to have since we want somebody to support David Warner . Mahela plays well and comes up with good scores if he comes out,\" he said.Delhi had dominated the league stage but yet again failed in the crunch matches. Simmons said it was unfortunate but they are keen to take corrective measures.\"In 2009 too we dominated the league system. I was not there then. I cannot say. I just think we need to learn as a unit to play smart cricket in such situations. Lot of things had been spoken about how we are different in the bowling and batting. I think we have young players and they are growing up. We had lot of dot balls but we gave more boundaries. We need to find balances in these aspects. I must say that we did not choke but we were not firing in the last two games.\"Overall, Simmons looked satisfied with his side's performance in the fifth edition of the league.\"I must say that we showed what we can do. I think that there are one or two tweaks that we need to make and then we will be a team to winning in all conditions. That is the next choice. We can arrive at a ground and whatever the opposition give us in terms of conditions we got to put up right combinations to be successful,\" he said.Simmons was all praise for Chennai, who are peaking at the right time in the competition. On Kolkata and Chennai final?\"Chennai is a very balanced side and they sneaked into the play off with a mission. They are a tough team balanced in both in the bowling and batting line up. They have eight batsmen who can rotate the strike well. They struggled through the league system but come good at the business end, which is the sign of champions and that is what they are,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500792", "title": "Police hunt for runaway groom, wedding called off", "text": "CHENNAI: A hunt is on for a 30-year-old car driver who failed to turn up for his wedding with an 18-year-woman at a temple in Vadapalani on Friday morning and the marriage had to be called off.Police said the parents of V Bhavani had in January fixed her wedding with Vijay Kumar of Perambur. After a formal engagement ceremony, the marriage was scheduled to be held between 6am and 7.30am on Friday.Early in the morning, Vijayakumar participated in a pre-wedding ritual at his house in Perambur. \"Later, he sent his family members and other relatives in a car to the temple saying he would follow in another car,\" said a police officer.When he didn't come to the temple at the appointed time, his family tried to contact him but found his mobile phone switched off, police said.\"There were no issues of dowry as matters were settled well before the engagement. The two families maintained a cordial relationship,\" said another officer.Bhavani has completed her class 12, while Vijay Kumar is a class 8 dropout, police said.A case was registered. Police suspect that a love affair is the cause of the groom going missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "balasore, odisha", "code": "13519253", "title": "Surface-to-air Akash missile test-fired again", "text": "BALASORE, ODISHA: Two days after its successful trial, India on Saturday again test-fired the indigenously developed surface-to-air Akash missile from the test range at Chandipur near here.\"The user specific trial, which formed part of the country's routine air defence exercises, was conducted from the ITR,\" said a Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) official associated with the Akash missile project.To revalidate the technology and operational efficacy of the anti-aircraft missile, defence forces conducted the trial with logistic support provided by the ITR.They had test-fired Akash successfully from the same test range on May 24.The missile, which has a strike range of 25 km with warhead of 60 kgs, was test fired from a mobile launcher from launch complex-III of the ITR at about 1110 hours, Defence sources said.\"During the trial, the missile sought to intercept a floating object supported by a pilot less target aircraft (PTA), flown from launch complex-II, at a definite altitude over the sea,\" they said.Akash, an anti-aircraft defence system, can simultaneously engage several targets with Rajendra radar developed by Electronics and Radar Development Establishment (LRDE), a DRDO laboratory situated at Bangalore. Rajendra does the surveillance, tracks the target, acquires it and guides the missile towards it.The development of Akash missile took place during 1990s under country's integrated guided missile development programme (IGMDP). After many trials, was inducted into armed forces in 2008. An air-force version of Akash missile has also been developed by DRDO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500588", "title": "Aarushi-Hemraj murder case: Time for witnesses to take centre stage", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the stage set for the trial of doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar in the four-year-old Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case, CBI will have to begin producing evidence and witnesses in the court from June 4 to prove its charges of murder and destruction of evidence against the Talwar couple.The investigation agency's case is built primarily upon 141 documents, which include statements of some neighbours and friends of the Talwars, their maid and their driver, the case's first investigating officer from Noida police, doctors and forensic experts.CBI had recently told the court that it had 'relied upon' 96 of these 141 documents in the case diary. However, the agency admits to not having material evidence against the couple. Of the witnesses, CBI feels, some have been crucial in reconstructing the chain of events from the murders on the night of May 15 to the discovery of the corpses on the morning of May 16, 2008.Among the important witnesses is Punish Rai Tandon, a neighbour of the Talwars in Jalvayu Vihar whose servant Vijay Mandal was arrested by the first CBI probe team. In his statement, sources say, Tandon had told investigators that \"his servant Vijay Mandal was in his garage (that day)\".To prove the CBI's theory of only four persons being present in the house on May 15, 2008, the Talwars' driver Umesh, their maid Bharti, another neighbour Anita Durrani, and KN Johri, the landlord of another suspect, Krishna, are important %witnesses.Umesh had said in his statement, \"I had seen Rajesh Talwar, Nupur Talwar, Aarushi and Hemraj in the house around 9.30pm on May 15, when I went there to return their car keys\".Bharti claimed, \"When I went to the house at 6am on May 16, only Rajesh and Nupur Talwar were there. Aarushi's body lay on her bed and there was blood from a wound on her neck while Hemraj was not there\". The statements of Jalvayu Vihar's security guards - Virender Singh, Sanjay Singh, Ram Kumar, Chandra Bhushan, Devender Singh and Ram Vishal - support CBI's theory that 'no outsider' visited or left the Talwars' house that night.Anita Durrani had stated that her servant Rajkumar was present in her house till 12.30am on the night of murder, while KN Johri, stated that Krishna was sleeping in his house with his family members.CBI says the testimony of an official of the telecom department, Deepak Kanda, is also important as he had stated that \"Internet was switched on and off at regular intervals and that an outsider could not have done that...It (router) was first switched on at 12.08am, while it was switched off finally at 3.43am and it could have only gone off in case of an electricity cut,\" Kanda stated.Another witness from the electricity department, Rajesh Kumar, said there was no power cut from 7pm on May 15 to 7am on May 16.Dr Rajeev Kumar and Dr Rajeev Kochar, friends of the Talwars, had stated that \"they had seen washed dragging marks on the stairs next day\". In his statement, Kochar has also reportedly told the sleuths that the Talwars were wearing fresh looking clothes.The agency is also banking on the postmortem report. Dr Sunil Dohre had stated that \"a surgically trained person could have caused the injuries on the neck\", adding that \"V-shaped injury could have been of a golf stick\".To back the destruction of evidence claim, Dohre's statement also adds that \"there were no marks on Aarushi's face or body or of any resistance, but private part was wide and there was white discharge near it, however it should be in whole area (sic)\".CBI will call all these witnesses by turns to the court to examine them June 4 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13521897", "title": "CSK eye third consecutive title as they take on KKR", "text": "CHENNAI: Defending champions Chennai Super Kings would back themselves to claim a hat-trick of Indian Premier League titles when they take on an equally confident Kolkata Knight Riders in what promises to be a thrilling showdown on Sunday.Chennai managed to sneak into the play-offs and then pushed Mumbai Indians and Delhi Daredevils, the most consistent side of the league, out of the tournament.The experience of playing big matches and the good form of all their batsmen right from top to number eight, Chennai look to have en edge against Kolkata, who will be playing their first IPL final in five editions so far.Chennai are into their third straight final and the experience of handling pressure situations would stand them in good stead.Kolkata bowlers, especially spinner Sunil Narine, hold the key for them since the Chennai batsman are in scorching form.From Murali Vijay to skipper M S Dhoni to Dwayne Bravo , everyone has started scoring runs and that too at a quick pace. Despite making an average start, they went on to score big in the last two outings.It will be quite a battle between Kolkata bowlers and Chennai batsman at the MA Chidambaram stadium.Kolkata skipper Gautam Gambhir has shown a lot of faith in a few players such as Brendon McCullum and Yusuf Pathan. Despite them not contributing much, Gambhir kept playing them.The result is that finally Pathan scored a match-winning 40-run cameo in the Qualifier I against Delhi and they found themselves in final.McCullum has gradually improved but is due for a big knock and the team would expect the Kiwi batsman to fire when it matters most.Gambhir himself is in good form and on Sunday is the occasion when runs from his bat would matter the most. The responsibility of leading the side has made him a better batsman and he would be keen to see that he contributes in the big match.South African all-rounder Jacques Kallis is another big asset for them. If Gambhir, Manoj Tiwary, McCullum and Kallis fire in unison, they will also be unstoppable.Chennai would look to stop them with the likes of Ben Hilfenhaus , Albie Morkel and spin duo of R Ashwin and Shadab Jakati. Besides these, they have Ravindra Jadeja , who has also done well with the ball, claiming 14 wickets.Chennai batsman Murali Vijay was cautious when asked about the final but said his team was ready to fire and they are not taking KKR lightly.\"Every team can beat the other on a given day. So we need to be wary and cannot take things lightly. The only thing I can tell you is that we are geared up for the match,\" Vijay, who became only the second Indian batsman to score two IPL hundred, said.Even the Delhi Daredevils coach Eric Simmons said the Chennai is a team which does not miss out on big occasions.\"Chennai is a very balanced side and they sneaked in to the play off with a mission. They are a tough team balanced in both in the bowling and batting line up. They have eight batsmen and can rotate the strike well. They struggled through the league system but come good at the business end, which is the sign of champions and that is what they are,\" he said.Teams (from):Chennai Super Kings: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (captain and wicket-keeper), Michael Hussey , Murali Vijay, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, Srikkanth Anirudha, DWayne Bravo, Albie Morkel, Ravichandran Ashwin , Ben Hilfenhaus, Shadab Jakati , Doug Bollinger , Francois du Plessis, George Bailey , Scott Styris , Suraj Randiv, Abhinav Mukund, G Vignesh, Joginder Sharma , Kuthethur Vasudevadas, Subramaniam Badrinath, Sudeep Tyagi, Yo Mahesh and Wriddhiman Saha.Kolkata Knight Riders: Gautam Gambhir (captain), Brendon McCullum (wicket-keeper), Jacques Kallis, Manoj Tiwary, Yusuf Pathan , Debabrata Das, Laxmi Ratan Shukla, Rajat Bhatia, Sunil Narine, Brett Lee , Iqbal Abdulla, Chirag Jani, Iresh Saxena, Jaidev Unadkat , Manvinder Bisla , Pradeep Sangwan, Sanju Samson, Sarabjit Singh Ladda, Mohammad Shami Ahmed, Eoin Morgan , Marchant de Lange, Ryan ten Doeschate and Shakib Al Hasan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13519175", "title": "Sid's film touches century mark", "text": "Actor Siddharth is thrilled about his film 'Kaadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi' completing 100 days.The excited actor tweeted: \"100 days. Kaadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi. Balaji Mohan, Sashikanth, Nirav, Amala, our crew. Take a bow! Cheers Etaki Ent &amp; Y Not Studios:)\" The bilingual romantic comedy Kaadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi starred Siddharth and Amala Paul in the lead. The movie which received wide critical acclaim was declared a blockbuster.The film is based on Balaji Mohan's 10-minute Tamil short film by the same name. The actor being on a high is unserstandable given the fact that he has co-produced the venture with cinematographer Nirav Shah on their newly launched banner Etaki Entertainment . Siddarth's fans wish success for his future projects too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504382", "title": "Success rate in higher secondary certificate exam up by 2% in Maharashtra, Pune division", "text": "PUNE: The slide in the overall pass percentage in the higher secondary certificate (HSC-Std XII) examination over the last two years was reversed with the state as well as Pune division showing an increase of 2% this year. The HSC results were announced on Friday.The state recorded a 67.94% success, an improvement over last year's pass percentage of 65.61. Pune division registered a pass percentage of 75.74, which is better than last year's 73.59%. Pune finished third among the nine divisional boards in the state.While girls have once again outperformed boys, much of the improvement in this year's result is being attributed to the performance by freshers - students who gave the exam for the first time - as they recorded a 4% increase over their showing last year.The overall success (performance by freshers and repeaters combined) is still far below the 78.38 pass percentage that was recorded in 2009and the 77.34% and 72.17% success recorded in 2008 and 2010 respectively.However, the board authorities did not see much in this pattern. \"Compared to last year, the results have improved this year,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the Pune-headquartered Maharashtra state board for secondary and higher secondary education, which conducted the HSCxam from February 21 to March 28.\"The difference in the success rate for this year and that for the years 2008 to 2010 has much to do with the stricter counter measures taken by the board to curb instances of exam malpractices,\" he said.One of the most significant turnarounds has been that of the Latur and Amravati divisional boards. Latur's performance - at 66.11% - has gone up by 14.57% over the 51.54% success it registered last year while Amravati's performance too has increased by 10.07%, from last year's 45.93% to 56% this year.The online HSC results were posted on the seven websites, designated by the board, 1 pm onwards on Friday to enable the students to check their marklists online. Original copies of the marklists will be distributed by junior colleges at 3 pm on June 2.Of the 13,43,602 students who appeared for the exam across the nine divisions, 9,00,865 passed for an overall success of 67.94%. The performance is even better if one is to consider only the freshers, who recorded 74.46% success. Of the 11.43 lakh fresh students, 8.51 lakh cleared the exam.As usual, girls recorded a better showing with a pass percentage of 79.66% as against 70.32% recorded by boys.Konkan division, which was carved out of the Kolhapur division last year, finished on top with a pass percentage of 83.23. Kolhapur was second with 76.74%.Five divisional boards, including Latur and Amravati, showed an improved performance. Aurangabad (61.27%) recorded a 5.33% improvement over its showing last year. Aurangabad and Amravati still finished in eighth and ninth positions respectively, while Latur moved a notch up to the sixth position. Nagpur was placed seventh with a pass percentage of 62.59.Three other divisional boards saw a dip in their success rate. Nashik's pass percentage was 69.62, a drop of 3.66% from last year's 73.28%. Despite the drop, Nashik finished fourth among the divisional boards. Mumbai's downslide continued for the third year in succession as its pass percentage at 68.66 was down by a marginal 0.86% from last year's 69.52%. Mumbai finished fifth. Kolhapur recorded 76.74%, a marginal drop of 0.53% over last year's performance.Report CardState: Appeared - 13,26,064; Passed - 9,00,865; Pass% 67.94; Up by 2.33%Pune: Appeared - 2,10,785; Passed - 1,59,642; Pass% 75.74; Up by 2.15%Other Divisions: Konkan 83.23% (Maiden result); Kolhapur 76.74% (-0.53%); Nashik 69.62% (-3.66%); Mumbai - 68.66% (-0.86%); Latur 66.11% (+14.57); Nagpur 62.59% (+0.15%); Aurangabad 61.27% (+5.33%); Amravati 56% (+10.07%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13505608", "title": "No chill pill for heat-hassled Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With mercury touching a new high of the season -- close to 44 degrees Celsius mark on Friday--Bhopal residents prayed for respite from the unbearable heat. When the sun was beating down hard on the first day of the nine days, believed to be the hottest of year, fans and coolers did not appear to be of much help.The day temperature of Bhopal was recorded at 43.9 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature on Friday hovered around the 30 degrees mark, leaving no room for respite even in late hours as well. Last year, the city had experienced this severity of temperature on May 17.Weathermen attributed the harsh climatic conditions to hot winds blowing over Madhya Pradesh from Rajasthan. The met office did not rule out a possibility of mercury going up further in next two or three days.The heat wave conditions continue to sweep through other parts of the state as well. The maximum temperature at Khajuraho and Naogaon was recorded at 46.2 degrees C.Intense heat wave conditions prevailed in Sagar, Chhattarpur, Tikamgarh, Rewa, Satna, Gwalior and Chambal divisions forced people to stay indoors. The maximum and minimum in four big cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 45.0 and 30.8 degrees C. Indore recorded a maximum of 42.0 (+3) degrees and a minimum of 27.0 (+3) degrees.In Gwalior, the maximum temperature was recorded at 45.0 (+3) degrees and minimum at 25.3 (-2) degrees. Jabalpur recorded a maximum temperature of 44.2 (+2) degrees and against a minimum of 28.0 (+2) degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499734", "title": "Security for Jagan Mohan Reddy convoy hits traffic hard", "text": "HYDERABAD: The authorities accorded a presidential welcome to Y S Jaganmohan Reddy as he stepped out for the first day of interrogation by the CBI at the Dilkusha Guest House, cordoning off the entire Raj Bhavan road for the whole day. The closure of the all-important road led to massive traffic snarls at Punjagutta junction, Ameerpet and Somajiguda circle with irate commuters getting into ugly arguments with the traffic police for the trouble they had to go through.With the police barricading the stretch, people working in the area were forced to trudge to their offices. And for those who didn't want to walk, it was a forced holiday. \"I had to return home as I was not allowed to take my vehicle past Rajiv Gandhi statue (Somajiguda circle),\" said M Kamal, an entrepreneur whose office is on the stretch.Jagan - who has a Z security cover - stepped out of his home at Lotus Pond, Jubilee Hills, at 10.30am in his personal bulletproof vehicle after seeking the blessings of his mother Vijayamma. His auditor Vijay Sai Reddy was also present. His convoy comprised two intelligence security vehicles and was followed and piloted by the city police. But even before he stepped out, the police had taken over every bylane of Jubilee Hills MLA Colony that led to his house. A Rapid Action Force (RAF) company had reached his residence as early as 8am to join the posse of Task Force and city security-wing sleuths already posted there.The entire 7km stretch that his convoy took was cordoned off by the police and traffic stopped at each signal to let the convoy pass. The convoy, which emerged from Road No. 92, Jubilee Hills, took Road No. 10 - Road No. 1 - Errum Manzil - RTA office - Khairatabad junction route before reaching Dilkusha Guest House in flat 15 minutes as the busy morning traffic was made to wait. Throughout the day traffic moved slowly on the Lakdi-Ka-Pul, Panjagutta and SP Road stretch.Inconvenienced commuters were left wondering about the extra-cautious government's VIP treatment to the accused MP.Jagan was reportedly accompanied by Congress MP Sabbam Hari and MLA Alla Nani. But the cops were swift in stopping the vehicles of supporters following the convoy. A few, however, did manage to raise \"Jai Jagan\" slogans.After seven hours of interrogation, a composed Jagan came out at 6.15pm and was escorted to his house via the same route. But the day wasn't without its share of drama. His four supporters, including YSR Congress' Sanathnagar in-charge V Rammohan, managed to sneak into the media enclosure outside the guest house. They were caught when cops suddenly started checking ID cards of reporters stationed there. The four raised \"Jai Jagan\" slogans before being whisked away the police.However, barring stray incidents of violence, it was a largely peaceful day in the city given the unprecedented security arrangements. Task Force sleuths nabbed 25 YSR congress supporters from Vishnu Priya hotel in Ameerpet. Another group of 28 persons headed by the party's student wing leader V Naveen Goud were nabbed near Urvasi bar and restaurant in Panjagutta. All the arrested have been shifted to Goshamahal stadium.The police drill on Day 2 of Jagan's interrogation on Saturday will remain the same. So brace up for some more traffic headaches again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499944", "title": "It\u2019s final, 1.51L vie for 2,593 Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority flats", "text": "MUMBAI: There is some bad news for prospective buyers seeking a Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) flat in the lottery scheduled on May 31.The final tally of prospective buyers who submitted their applications in Axis Bank for 2,593 Mhada flats has now touched over 1.51 lakh from 1.38 lakh.The increase in the number of applicants by approximately 13,000 means there will be 58 people instead of 53 vying for each Mhada flat. Officials updated the number of applicants on Friday after receiving a report from the bank. The housing authority has collected Rs 356 crore in earnest money deposit from 1,51,654 applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501115", "title": "Chief minister inspects godowns, warns officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: After surprise inspections of wheat centres in Unnao district on Friday morning, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that action will be initiated against all officials who are responsible for the irregularities in warehousing the wheat stocks.Akhilesh was conducting a surprise inspection of multiple warehouses run by the State Food Corporation, Food Corporation of India and cooperative federation, where officials were absent and electronic measuring scales were either found dysfunctional or absent. Akhilesh Yadav also enquire about the purchase of wheat from the truck drivers who were waiting outside the FCI godown in the district.During his visit to Unnao, Akhilesh also inspected the district's Dahi Chauki Industrial Area and the effluent treatment plant. He also visited the Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary and interacted with officials there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504886", "title": "Car, cash looted in Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: Three unidentified persons allegedly robbed a car belonging to an Ahmednagar-based industrialist after threatening his driver with sharp weapons. The incident took place near a company in Chinchwad on Thursday evening.The driver, Goraksh Gilje (36) of Nagardevle, Ahmednagar, has registered a complaint with the Pimpri police.The police said Gilje has been the driver of the industrialist, who supplies material to the company in Chinchwad.Sub-inspector with the Pimpri police V D Dalvi on Thursday said Gilje and his employer had come to Pune for a meeting. Gilje was sleeping inside the car parked near the company. \"Three unidentified persons woke him up, threatened him with a sharp weapon and drove the car toward Moshi,\" Dalvi said, adding that the suspects dumped Gilje at Moshi and fled with the car and Rs 28,000 cash in it.Dalvi said the police have prepared the sketch of the suspects as per Gilje's description.\"We are investigating further,\" Dalvi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13502886", "title": "Vasco paddy field issue to be heard on July 20", "text": "PANAJI: A stay on the reclamation of a low-lying paddy field for a school playground, barely 10m from the high tide line on the Vasco sea/river front granted by the national green tribunal, New Delhi, will continue till the next hearing on July 20.When the matter came up for hearing for a vacation of the stay sought by the government in the matter of the complaint filed by Savera, a Vasco-based NGO, the tribunal declined to do so.Savera moved an application to the tribunal to implead the sports authority of Goa (SAG) in the matter, stating that the tender had been awarded to the contractor by the SAG. Accordingly, a notice has been issued to SAG. However, Goa coastal zone management authority, which had been asked to present its version, did not send its representative on May 22 for the hearing. The intervenor, Andre Pereira, argued that the drainage proposed by the government in the area will be used to release raw sewage and waste water fromneighbouring houses into the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13502280", "title": "1 more CPM leader held for TP murder", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing T P Chandrasekharan murder on Friday arrested a member of CPM's Thalassery area committee. Police also arrested a youth from Moozhikkara in Kannur district who had helped Sijith escape after the attack.Police identified them as P P Ramakrishnan, 66, Thalassery area committee member hailing from Choodikotta in Mahe, and Abhinesh alias Abhi, 28, a native of Moozhikkara in Kannur district.Police claimed that Ramakrishnan was among the senior CPM members who met at Onchiyam area committee office to hatch a conspiracy to eliminate Chandrasekharan. The meeting was also attended by Onchiyam area committee secretary C H Ashokan and area committee member K K Krishnan.Police claimed that a similar meeting was also held at Ramakrishnan's house in Mahe in which the members of the hit squad had also participated. The police are also examining if Ramakrishnan was involved in the procurement of arms for the gang.The arrest was made in connection with the conspiracy case registered by the Chombala police on Wednesday on the basis of a statement given by Sijith, one of Kodi Suni's gang members.According to police, Abhinesh was picked up as he was part of the gang headed by Kirmani Manoj who was assigned to kill Chandrasekharan in the first attempt a couple of years ago. He is said to be a close friend of Sijith and had helped the latter escape after the crime.The SIT has charged them with Sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 118 (concealing plot to commit offense) apart from Sections 143, 147, 148, 149, 115 and 116 of the IPC. Abhinesh has also been charged with Section 212 (harbouring offender) of the IPC. They were produced before the Vadakara first class judicial magistrate on Friday night and were remanded in judicial custody.With the arrest of Ramakrishnan, police claimed that the conspiracy angle has thickened and the role played by four CPM area committees was getting clearer. Ramakrishnan, police said, was a mentor of Kodi Suni and had helped him secure bail whenever he was arrested in criminal cases earlier in Mahe and Paloor.In a major breakthrough, the police recovered a sim card that was used by Sijith on the day of attack. Sijith had destroyed the card and had discarded it near Panalur bridge. The broken card has been despatched to cyber cell for detailed investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500862", "title": "We missed Morne Morkel: Virender Sehwag", "text": "CHENNAI: Their move to bench Morne Morkel raised quite a few eyebrows but Delhi Daredevils skipper Virender Sehwag on Friday said that it was the injury to Irfan Pathan that forced them to change the team combination ahead of IPL 5's second qualifier against Chennai Super Kings.\"Yes, we missed Morne Morkel, unfortunately (Irfan) Pathan got injured and (we) had to maintain the balance,\" Sehwag said after Daredevils were knocked out of the tournament after an 86-run defeat.Morkel is the Purple Cap holder for taking the maximum number of wickets in IPL 5. Pathan could not recover from the hand injury he suffered in the first qualifier against Kolkata Knight Riders.Chennai rode on Murali Vijay's 58-ball 113 to pile up an imposing 222/5, but CSK skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni thought Delhi had the team to chase the total.\"Personally, I thought they had had line-up to do it but it was not going to be easy. It was a good wicket to bat initially and it was pretty good in the second half also,\" Dhoni said.As far as his team's stupendous show was concerned, Dhoni praised the likes of Vijay, Michael Hussey and Dwayne Bravo for their efforts.\"It was up to the individuals, Vijay and Hussey gave us a good start, we are a side that relies a lot on good starts.\"It good to see (Suresh) Raina hitting a few balls away and in the end it was closed off well by Bravo.\"Sehwag had words of praise for Vijay. \"The way Vijay played, he took the game away from us, then they have a good batting line-up and it took it away. It was a good pitch and you could score 180 was chaseable, but 40 more runs was going to be difficult to chase,\" Sehwag said.The Daredevils skipper led the team pretty well in the tournament, finishing the league stage at the top of the table.\"Lot of positives, not expected us to end number one after the league, thanks to the owners for backing us, we will try and come back hard in the Champions League,\" he said.Man of the Match Vijay thanked his coaches and owners after his brilliant show.\"First of all, I need to thank Bharath Tarun and Gurunath, the owner, without them it wouldn't have been possible.Vijay said the plan was for one of them to stay till the end.\"I know the Chennai wicket and I decided to hit straighter. After six overs I thought the wicket was playing slower, so I decided one of us had to bat through the end, I was lucky to come through.\"I am happy to be a part of this unit and learning from them. Happy to be rubbing shoulders with the legends.\"As far as matching up to Dwayne Bravo's dancing ability is concerned, Vijay said, \"Bravo's a good dancer, cannot match up to him!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504851", "title": "Sikhs condemn female feticide, take pledge to discourage social evil", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a commendable step which would have a far reaching effect on the society, the members of Sikh community took a pledge that they would never indulge in female feticide.The pledge was taken on the occasion of martyrdom of the fifth Guru Arjun Dev at the Khuldabad Gurudwara on Friday. They also said they would neither take nor give dowry. Taking the vow, members of Sikh community also took the pledge that they would also not allow other people to commit female feticide. \"If we come to know about any person involved in such heinous crime, we would oppose him and also socially boycott him,\" they said.They further observed that they would neither take nor give dowry.President of Guru Singh Sabha Sardar Joginder Singh said that Sikh religion accords special place for the women. The importance of women has been highlighted right by the first Guru Nanak Dev to the last guru Guru Gobind Singh. Sardar Joginder Singh further said that it is a matter of great shame that the evil of female feticide exists in the society.\"The evil of female feticide can be eliminated from the society if we bring a change in our mindset that a girl child is a gift from the God and can be never less important than a male child,\" he said. It is a matter of concern that the sex ratio is 914 girl child per 1,000 male child.The sex ratio is Haryana is alarming as it is 877:1000 and in Delhi it is about 866:1000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503142", "title": "Theives raid Dona Paula apartment", "text": "PANAJI: Unknown persons broke into an apartment at Dona Paula and decamped with valuables worth 58,830, including a cellphone, television set and digital camera. Police sources said that complainant Hiren Bakhada, 42, from Mumbai said that the culprits effected entry into his flat by removing the latch of the bedroom door through a window with the help of an iron rod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13498342", "title": "2 killed in container blast in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Two persons died while another two were critically injured after a container blasted while it was being cut with a gas cutter in Hindon Vihar near Meerut T-point in Ghaziabad.Police said that the amount of gas which had built up inside the closed container during the cutting process was so high that its cap, weighing around three quintals, flew in the air and landed around 100m away. Cops said that they are yet to ascertain the place from where the four cylindrical containers were brought. The three junk dealers who brought them are absconding.SP (City), SS Yadav, said that the incident took place around 9.45am. \"It seems that the pressure inside the container increased due to gases while it was being cut leading to the blast. The gas cutter, Subhrati, died on the spot while three other women cutting grass nearby got injured. One of the women, Noorjahan, got critically injured and was declared dead on arrival at the district hospital in Ghaziabad. Two other women, Zarin and Shahin, sustained critical burn injuries and are currently being treated.\"The injured women live in Arthla area. The gas cutter was a native of Basti district in Uttar Pradesh. \"The accused scrap dealers have been identified as Ompal, Raees and Sohan. They reportedly live in Kela Bhatta area in Ghaziabad. A hunt has been launched to nab the accused. We have brought the male family members of the accused to the police station for questioning. If required, we will even book them,\" Yadav added.A case has been registered under Section 304A of IPC at the Sihani Gate police station. The callousness of police and district administration also came to the fore when they did not cordon off the area. People were seen moving around the huge containers, peering inside them. None of the tankers have been shifted to a safe location and they still lie in an open area. Even children were seen playing with parts of the blasted container.When asked how the four cylindrical containers were brought inside the city, Yadav said, \"We have not been able to ascertain from where the containers were purchased as the accused are absconding after the incident. Once they are arrested, we will get the details.\"A local resident said that the area where the containers were kept is frequently used by junk dealers.\"The containers were brought around four days ago. The iron scrap dealers use this area for cutting junk into smaller parts,\" said Nafisa Begam, a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13505227", "title": "Painters to showcase plight of Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: Noted painter Prof S Pranam Singh, along with 20 other painters, will paint the plight of the Ganga on a 10X10 canvass amidst musical notes at an event called Sanjeevani organised by the Benaras Club on Sunday.According to NP Singh, secretary, Benaras Club, the programme is being held to support the ongoing stir for the Ganga, but with paints and brush. An exhibition of paintings on the theme of the Ganga will also be held on the occasion in which artists from various regions of the country would showcase the condition of the river.According to Singh, the main attraction of the event will be canvass representation of the world famous Ganga Aarati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501854", "title": "Tribute to a poet who cemented Indo-Bangla ties", "text": "KOLKATA: The audience at Shishir Mancha savoured every moment of Nazrul Jayanti organised by the Bangladesh deputy high commission and Agnibina on Friday to celebrate the 113th birth anniversary of Kazi Nazrul Islam.The event was attended by Bangladesh deputy high commissioner Abida Islam, singer Anup Ghoshal and the poet's daughter-in-law Kalyani Kazi. Speaking at the event, Abida Islam paid a glorious homage to the poet. \"He played a crucial role in cementing bonds between the two countries. He worked hard towards strengthening the relationship between Bangladesh and West Bengal through his songs and poems,\" Islam said. A dance performed by a group of kids kick-started the celebrations.If singer Shampa Kundu mesmerised the audience with her voice, perfect pronunciation and modulation, Bratati Bandyopadhyay recited immortal lines from some of the poet's famous works, stirring up passion and taking everyone back to the heady days of the freedom movement when the pen of the 'Bidrohi Kabi' (rebel poet) encouraged many a young man to embrace the gallows. Artistes from across the border also paid a glowing tribute to their national poet. The event was a fitting tribute to the genius whose life never lacked lustre.\"I am overwhelmed by the love and affection showered on him. People everywhere are celebrating, which only reminds us what a treasure trove he has left behind,\" said Kalyani Kazi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499039", "title": "MBA student ends up as labourer in UK", "text": "MUMBAI: A Bhandup police team has left for Mathura to get custody of a man who duped a business management student of Rs 3.59 lakh last November.The police said that Vikram Singh had promised Bhandup resident Rakesh Tiwari (28) a manager's job in a 5-star hotel in UK.The police suspect that the accused duped job-seekers from across the country of lakhs of rupees, promising them high-profile jobs abroad.When Tiwari landed in UK, he realized that Singh had offered him the job of labourer. Tiwari briefly stayed back in UK, and returned to Mumbai and lodged a complaint with the Bhandup police only on May 23.\"The Mathura cops arrested Singh from Bhandup in the second week of May. He was in police custody till May 23 and is now in judicial custody,\" said Bhandup senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda. \"Our counterparts arrested Singh in a similar case in Mathura,\" he said.Tiwari learned that he was given a travel visa and the job offer letter was for a labourer. Singh has been booked for criminal breach of trust and cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499761", "title": "Hairstylist arrested for \u2018killing\u2019 wife", "text": "MUMBAI: The D N Nagar police arrested a hairstylist for allegedly killing his wife after an argument in Andheri (W) in the wee hours on Friday.Lisbon Miranda, the accused, lived in Neel Gagan building in D N Nagar with his parents, 35-year-old wife Bindiya and three-year-old daughter. Lisbon's US-based sister recently arrived in the city and the family organized a small gathering in Oshiwara on Thursday night. Lisbon and Bindiya returned home around 2am on Friday after the party.Officials said the couple had a tiff after reaching home and Lisbon reportedly pushed his parents and daughter out of the house. Hearing the couple argue violently, Lisbon's parents started knocking on the door, but to no avail.The parents then called up Bindiya's family members, who lived in Versova, and asked them to come over immediately. However, Lisbon refused to open the door even after his wife's parents arrived.Realizing that something could go wrong, the family members then informed the police as well as the fire brigade. A police team reached the spot and broke open the door. The cops then found Bindiya's body in a bedroom with several stab wounds on her stomach; Lisbon was sitting near the body. The victim was rushed to Cooper Hospital where doctors declared her dead on arrival.The knife used to stab Bindiya was found at the spot.The police suspect that something might have happened in the party that led to the heated argument between the couple. \"We are trying to find out the circumstances leading to the incident. We will also interrogate the couple's neighbours and people who attended the gathering to ascertain if something happened between the couple there,\" said an investigating officer.\"The accused was produced before a court and remanded in police custody till June 2,\"said senior inspector V D Bhoite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13506207", "title": "Quake study says Jesus was crucified on April 3, 33 AD", "text": "WASHINGTON: A study on earthquake activity at the Dead Sea has revealed the exact date of Jesus' crucifixion, which has been debated for years. Researchers believe that Jesus, as described in the New Testament, was crucified on Friday April 3, 33 AD.Textual and geological clues, along with astronomical data, support the date, the Discovery News reported.Geologists investigated the 4,000-year chronology of earthquake disturbances within the uppermost 19 feet of laminated sediment of the Dead Sea to determine the exact date of Jesus' crucifixion.The latest investigation focused on earthquake activity at the Dead Sea, located 13 miles from Jerusalem .To analyse earthquake activity in the region, geologist Jefferson Williams of Supersonic Geophysical and colleagues Markus Schwab and Achim Brauer of the German Research Center for Geosciences studied three cores from the beach of Ein Gedi Spa adjacent to the Dead Sea.Varves, which are annual layers of deposition in the sediments, reveal that at least two major earthquakes affected the core: a widespread earthquake in 31 BC and an early first century seismic event that happened sometime between 26 AD - 36 AD.The latter period occurred during \"the years when Pontius Pilate was procurator of Judea and when the earthquake of the Gospel of Matthew is historically constrained,\" Williams said. \"The day and date of the crucifixion ( Good Friday ) are known with a fair degree of precision,\" he said. But the year has been in question.In terms of textual clues to the date of the crucifixion, Williams quoted a Nature paper authored by Colin Humphreys and Graeme Waddington . When data about the Jewish calendar and astronomical calculations are factored in, a handful of possible dates result, with Friday April 3, 33 AD being the best match, according to the researchers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13517329", "title": "Playing a rape victim is not easy: Ananya Chatterjee", "text": "In her first look as rape victim Nancy in \" Teen Kanya\", Ananya Chatterjee is far from a picture of calm.\"Playing a rape victim is not easy,\" the actor tells us. \"And this is for the first time that I'm playing such a character on screen.\" Ananya, who joined the rest of the cast on Wednesday, is yet to figure out how she wants to go about the role.\"I am still gearing up to get under the skin of Nancy. The pain, trauma, agony that a rape victim goes through has to look real on screen,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13505318", "title": "Fountains at island parks not showering relief anymore", "text": "VARANASI: Earlier, the city crossings had fountains which used to provide relief, albeit for a short spell, from hot weather to the passers-by and commuters. But all this have become a thing of past. The island parks developed at several crossings in the city with the aim to beautify the roads with gardens and fountains apart from providing traffic bifurcation are, however, lying in a pathetic state.K S Pandey, garden superintendent, Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN), said, \"There are as many as 12 island parks in the city. Some of the most prominent island parks are present at Lahurabir, Maidagin, Kachehri, Ravindrapuri, Sigra, Teliabagh, Englishialine and Vijya crossings.These green spots also work as venue for political and social activities. Interestingly, out of 12 island parks, only four are provided with fountains but none of them is functional. While the pool of the fountain at the island park in Maidagin area has become a garbage dumping place for locals and vendors, the island park in Lahurabir area, popularly known as Azad Park, has witnessed many of its fountain heads getting uprooted by mischievous elements.Mohan Singh , a vendor in Lahurabir area, said that till two years back, the fountain of the island park was functional. \"So many activities, especially sit-ins and meetings are held in this park, but no one bothered to think about the condition of the park. Cleaning and maintenance works are done whenever a programme is held or on a special occasion. We have not seen the fountain functioning in the last two years,\" said Anshul, a resident of Jagatganj area.Similarly, the fountains of island parks at Vijaya crossing and Kachechri area are not operational because of the unavailability of water supply. Putting the blame on digging and construction works, Pandey said, \"As these parks are present in the middle of the roads, it is difficult to reach there and take care when the digging and construction works are on.\"Shockingly, regarding the poorly maintained island park at Maidagin, Pandey said that the park fountain was constructed above the 'Shahi Nala', due to which the base of the pool sunk into the drain. However, Pandey has no knowledge about any repairing work done at that fountain, neither is there any plan for it.Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanad Singh said, \"It takes lots of funds to see the proper maintenance of the island parks. The water pumps, water supply, electricity and lights have to be looked after and maintained regularly. In fact, a caretaker or a gardener is also necessary to look after each park, and since the VNN is short of funds to maintain them, PPP model was introduced to look after these island parks. All the 12 parks are being maintained under PPP model, but they are all in pathetic condition due unavailability of gardeners and poor maintenance of lights and fountains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504732", "title": "Dharna against water shortage", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The residents of Attarsuiya and Rani Mandi held a demonstration at Attarsuiya crossing on Friday demanding improvement in water supply. Housewives came out and joined the protest against the lackadaisical attitude of Jal Sansthan. The demonstrators said that the region is facing acute shortage of water.Corporator Satyendra Chopra blamed Jal Sansthan for laxity in providing water to the residents. The area of Attarsuiya and portions of Rani Mandi are not getting water for the past 15 days. The residents are facing numerous problems due to water shortage in this gruelling summer.Narrating her woes, Neha, a resident of the area, said, \"We are not getting the supply of water for the past several days. At times, water comes but the pressure is so low that it comes drop by drop from the tap. All the household activities get affected due to less amount.\"Another demonstrator Anuradha Chaubey said: \"The water is not coming to our houses and we have to bring from the hand pumps installed in the locality. It is not sufficient for daily needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13506233", "title": "DNA turned into living hard drive", "text": "WASHINGTON: It may sound like the stuff of a sci-fi thriller, but scientists claim to have developed a way to turn living cells into rewritable digital data storages - like 'living hard drives'.After numerous attempts, a team of researchers from the Stanford University's Schools of Engineering and Medicine finally found a method for repeatedly encoding, storing, and erasing digital information within the DNA.Keeping data in cells could have widespread applications in future studies, the researchers said. \"It's a tool to study processes where you need to track history of cells,\" lead study researcher Jerome Bonnet said.\"Most of the questions in biology are questions about history,\" said Ton Subsoontorn, who was part of the research. \"You ask, 'Why does this cell become a cancer cell?' and 'Why does this cell stay a normal cell' ?\"According to the team, just as a computer chip stores data by flipping an electrical bit or magnetic field on or off, the DNA system flips the orientation of a section of DNA to indicate an on-or-off bit, The Stanford Daily reported.Keeping data could help bioengineers because they could use the data to learn the behaviours of cells in a system, the researchers said. The DNA system also represents an advance because silicon computer chips are not yet small enough to fit within cells to take data. However, the DNA system still has advantages in the long term, Bonnet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "13507478", "title": "Cute, coloured chicks kindle the kid in Gurraj", "text": "GILL ROAD: When Gurraj Singh Sidhu saw these tiny coloured chicks at a farmer's place in a nearby village, he couldn't resist but get them home. And now, along with the Sidhus of Gill Road, even their 4-year-old great dane has fallen in love with these new born.Gurraj, 27, brought the two week-old chicks home three days ago. ''I had been to the countryside for some work and I found these chicks with a farmer in a village there. I had been wanting to keep such cute chicks since I was a kid and couldn't resist getting them along,'' he says. Gurraj purchased them from the farmer for a nominal price.The chicks were light yellow in colour when born but the farmer painted them in different bright colours, viz pink, yellow, blue, green and orange.A businessman, Gurraj says the cute creatures have very soft fur and he even gifted five of these to his fiance Manpreet Kaur, who resides in Moti Nagar, as she loved them a lot too. ''She was surprized to see my gift,'' adds Gurraj.''I spend a lot of time taking care of them when I return from work. I feed them grounded and mixed porridge and maize as they are too young to eat any thing hard,'' says Gurraj. Even Steffi enjoys their company and often observes them closely without causing any harm though she is quite ferocious other wise, he adds.''It feels beautiful to wake up to their chirping in the morning as it gives me relief and solace,'' says Gurraj, adding, ''At times, I even feel my childhood has returned with their arrival.''Gurraj's 5 year-old nephew Sehajpreet also looks after the chicks. He keeps an eye on them when they move out from the rooms. Enjoying his summer vacations now, Sehajpreet is happy his uncle's new pets would make his holidays more interesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13502329", "title": "Little-known Brahmapuri school throws up a surprise", "text": "NAGPUR: While girls once again stamped their supremacy over the HSC results on Friday, Nagpur division has probably produced the state topper second year in a row. Snehal Kose from Nevajabai Hitkarni Junior College in the little-known Brahmapuri town scored 98.16% to emerge as probable first in Maharashtra.Overall, the state improved its performance by 2.32% as compared to last year. In fact, it is for first time that state has improved on its performance in last three years when it witnessed a downward trend. In 2011, pass percentage was 65.6%, 2010 was 72.2%, and 2009 was 78.4%.Even Nagpur division has marginally improved its performance by 1.8% in comparison to last year but maintained its infamy of finishing among bottom places. This time, however, it finished above Aurangabad and bottom-placed Amravati. Interestingly, Konkan, created last year, fared well by an impressive passing percentage of 83.23%. It is followed by Kolhapur (76.74%) and Pune (75.74).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459261", "title": "Why Congress has decided to go for Jagan\u2019s jugular", "text": "HYDERABAD: The story doing the rounds is that Jagan met his uncle Vivekananda on Thursday morning and told him to carry forward the election campaign with amma since \"I may be arrested\".Even as Jagan's hour of reckoning might be approaching the question is why the CBI (and by implication the government which means the Congress) would want to nab him just a fortnight before bypolls in 18 assembly seats. The arrest will lead to a groundswell in his favour and help him sweep the byelections. The understanding of the Congress leadership is that the party will in any case be routed in the byelections and the YSR Congress will sweep. Hence arresting Jagan will not hurt the Congress.However, if Jagan sweeps the bypolls, it will lead to an exodus of Congress MLAs to the YSR Congress and may create trouble for the Kiran Kumar Reddy government. It is to prevent this from happening the government has given a go ahead to the CBI to move forward full throttle.For those who came in late, the CBI has been investigating cases against Jagan for the last few months.Although the CBI had filed two chargesheets against him, it didn't question Jagan.If Jagan is arrested -- and his empire dismantled -- this will go as a signal to all Congressmen planning to leave the party. With Jagan in jail, the prospects of the YSR Congress consolidating its position in the coming months will be limited.This will give breathing space to the collapsing Congress in Andhra Pradesh to work out a new matrix before the next general elections. Andhra Pradesh sent 33 Congress MPs to the Lok Sabha in 2009 and the party's tally in 2014 will be crucial.But rejigging the party in the state is not an easy task considering that YSR systematically destroyed all leaders in the party in the state: district level upwards and created his own team. Half the Congress MLAs in the state are first-timers loyal to the YSR family. These are the MLAs who have jumped to Jagan's camp or have been planning moves.Many of them are linked to the YSR family by ties of relationship or business. Even if they stay back in the Congress for the time being what they will do later cannot be predicted.The Congress in Andhra Pradesh has traditionally been run by the Reddys with Kapus and Dalits being the junior partners.With Chiranjeevi, a Kapu merging his Prajarajyam with the Congress, his caste men are demanding a bigger share of the pie.This is much to the discomfiture of the Reddys who feel they will be reduced to a second class status. Many aver that only Jagan can keep the Reddy flag flying.Jagan (a Christian) has made inroads into the Dalit votes, because a significant number are Christians.The Congress has been unable to find a matching Reddy leader - the experiment with Kiran Kumar Reddy being a non-starter. Sonia Gandhi must be ruing the day she gave a free hand to YSR.Taking advantage of this, YSR built a Congress party that was personally loyal to him.The loyalty has now got transferred to Jagan, who showed a thumb to the central party for the last two and half years ago. Now will the Congress be able to rise from the ashes in Andhra Pradesh? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499687", "title": "Stall trial until CBI probe ends: Jagati Publications' plea to high court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jagati Publications, the company belonging to Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy , on Friday urged high court to restrain the trial court from going ahead with an 'incomplete' chargesheet and sought stalling of proceedings till the CBI probe into the FIR lodged in the Jaganmohan assets case was over.The appeal was filed before justice B Chandra Kumar who is hearing the pleas of both Jagati Publications asking for the trial to be stopped and the CBI's plea against cancellation of the bail given to auditor Vijay Sai Reddy. Senior advocates C Padmanabha Reddy and Susheel Kumar argued the cases for both Jagati and the auditor and told the court that the CBI could only undertake further investigation if it came across any new evidence and not on strength of merely the FIR.Just because Vijay Sai would be entitled to bail upon completion of the 90-day time limit, the CBI has filed an incomplete chargesheet, the counsels said.The CBI has with it the preliminary enquiry report, the high court judgment ordering a CBI probe into Jagan's assets, the FIR naming 73 individuals and companies as accused and the report of the amicus curiae who cited benefits given to five companies on a quid pro quo basis.But the CBI so far has named only one of the five companies whose details were given by the amicus curiae, the senior counsel said. Proceeding on an incomplete chargesheet would result in injustice to their clients, the counsels said. The judge posted the case to Monday when he would hear CBI's version of the case.Sunil Reddy bail plea dismissed: In a separate development, principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court on Friday dismissed the bail plea of N Sunil Reddy, an accused in the Emaar scam case. The judge noted that since the case is dependent on the statement provided by T Ranga Rao of Stylish Homes against the accused, Sunil, if released, may threaten Ranga Rao against deposing before court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "13504587", "title": "Minor girl raped by 2 youths", "text": "GULBARGA: Two youths allegedly raped a minor girl at Yadrami thanda here on Thursday night.The accused Harish and Ashok from Yadrami thanda kidnapped a 16-year-old girl belonging to the same thanda, when she came out of her house to attend nature's call.The duo took her to a field, raped her and left her in an unconscious state. The girl's parents admitted her to Gulbarga district hospital on Friday. Yadrami police have registered a complaint and are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13503885", "title": "Any Lokayukta won't do!", "text": "It is said that the most powerful thing on earth is an idea whose time has come. The time for a Lokayukta for Goa has come even though at the central level the Lokpal refuses to see the light of day.The Bellary mining scam, the 2G spectrum scam and the CWG scandal have all brought in a season of making the government accountable and have pushed for corruption levels to be brought down. The failure of watchdog institutions, under parliamentary democracy, has pushed us to undertake this hunt for a super watchdog called the Lokpal at the central level and Lokayuktas in states.Even the Prevention of Corruption Act and the remodeling of the CVC, providing functional freedom to CBI under the dictates of the Supreme Court in the famous Jain Hawala Case, failed to reverse the tide of corruption. Whether the Lokpal and Lokayuktas will help only time will decide.Interestingly, though Lokayuktas have been functioning in several states for a long time, their performance has been dismal. Their existence, in fact, has made no impact on the states and it is not even known that the Lokayukta Act exists or that Lokayuktas have been appointed in these states. In some states, the Lokayuktas and chief ministers have often traded charges and counter-charges.The Lokayukta institution has not been impressive as states have set up Lokayuktas for cosmetic purposes and as a populist measure to give a false sense of confidence to the public that corruption is being fought and that citizens have a grievance-redressal machinery. In certain cases the reports of Lokayutkas are neither implemented nor even publicized!Justice M C Chagla gave his report in 23 days in the Mundra scandal of the 50s which implicated then central finance minister T T Krishnamachari. But now, the Commissions of Inquiry Act has been used to delay matters, as in most cases time solves the problems, public memory being short. In most cases, delays in investigation and trial have acted as a bonanza for the offenders.In the midst of this gloomy picture, justice (retd) Santosh Hegde, the Karnataka Lokayukta, fired the country's imagination by showing that decision-makers could be held accountable and that 'things must change'. The arrest of D Raja, B S Yeddyurappa and Suresh Kalmadi brought some cheer in the season of holding governments accountable, and the movement to bring in a powerful Lokpal at the central level and Lokayuktas in states began.We in Goa had a functioning commission under the Goa Public Men's Corruption (Investigation &amp; Inquiries) Act which contributed nothing to bring down corruption. Despite the dismal performance of the commission, there was a demand to bring the commission back if presidential assent to the Lokayukta Bill 2003 was delayed.So impatient was a section of society that it was believed it is better to have some sort of machinery even if it is not worth it. It is with that impatient mind that the 2003 Bill was approved by the House again in 2011. Nobody was interested in having a strong Lokayukta with powers and provisions as demanded for the central Lokpal. The argument that something is better than nothing prevailed and we in Goa have the 2003 Bill brought into force in 2012 without the improvements in areas which are seen as making the Lokpal more effective. No doubt there are various positive features too, like the sweep of 'public functioning' is vast.The Lokayukta may start functioning in Goa, but there is a need to amend the law to make it effective. While the central government is deadlocked over bringing the CBI under the Lokpal, the CBI being the premier investigative agency, at the state-level there is no such investigative agency. Hence it is imperative that the control over investigations and prosecutions is with the Lokayukta.The Goa law shall have to be strengthened by statutorily creating investigation and prosecution wings under the control of the Lokayukta and by setting up special courts to try offenders. Setting up these courts is required so that criminal cases do not drag on and offenders do not enjoy the benefits caused by delay. The investigation and trial must be time-bound and the time must be fixed by law and the Lokayukta must be empowered to file prosecution without the intervention of the competent authority. The concept of competent authority requires to be deleted.The Lokayukta provisions are basically in the realm of criminal law, where offenders are prosecuted and the principle of 'proof beyond doubt' lets many off the hook. To get around that the Lokayukta must be also empowered to seize and confiscate ill-gotten money and property by making the act of corruption a civil wrong and where the burden of proof is always on the offender to prove the source of the ill-gotten wealth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13522175", "title": "Joshna Chinappa clinches Chennai Open", "text": "CHENNAI: Joshna Chinappa is enjoying the form of her life after making a comeback into competitive squash from injury last month. On Saturday, the 26-year-old beat Sarah Jane Perry of England 9-11, 11-4, 11-8, 12-10 at the Indian Squash Academy to win the Chennai Open, her sixth career title.Joshna is winning the Chennai Open, her \"home\" WISPA (women's tour) event for the first time. The Chennai girl had underwent a knee surgery seven months back and had taken time off from the world tour to recuperate. She slid down the rankings during that period and is currently No. 71 in the world. When the rankings are updated next month she will make a huge jump in the charts.Her first event after the layoff was at the Asian Team Championships earlier in the month, where she helped the national women's team win gold.The Former India No. 1 was seeded second in the WISPA event here and was the favourite going into the final against the third-seeded Perry.However, she was slow off the blocks and gave three points through unforced errors at the start of the first game. She soon picked up her tempo and was back in the game and even though the Englishwoman won the opening game 11-9, it was evident that the home favourite was slowly but surely taking control of the proceedings.Joshna was unstoppable in the next two games, winning them 11-4 and 11-8 before sealing the title in the fourth game after a tie-break.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13505461", "title": "Maharashtra HSC results: 18-year-old boy battling cancer scores a first class, aims for arts", "text": "MUMBAI: Sahas Mehra did not let a life-threatening ailment and a long stay in hospital of one-and-a-half years to come in the way of his academic career as he scored first-class marks (65%) in the HSC exams. Though his parents are \"very proud\" of their son, the 18-yearold said he hoped to fare better.Mehra (18), who was detected with blood cancer in 2010, had to drop out of college-Hindu Vidyamandir in Mulund-for treatment. In December, 2010, he was admitted to hospital for bone marrow transplant; his stay there had to be extended for more than a year after he developed graft-versus-host (GVHD) disease, a complication he developed after the transplant. But the excruciatingly painful treatment could do little to affect Mehra's diligence and he continued to prepare for his board exams. Understandably, he sounds \"disappointed\" when talking about his results: \"I did not expect to score so less. I am very disappointed with my result. But this will not stop me from going in for higher studies.\" His mother, Alka, is however, overjoyed with his performance. \"I am very happy today. My son not only took the exams but also scored good percentage,\" she said. \"The mere attempt on his part was a big de-al for the family. Others should take some inspiration from him.\"In GVHD, a complication that usually occurs following a bone marrow transplant, the newly transplanted material attacks the recipient's body, affecting the patient's organs. In Mehra's case, it took a toll on his skin, which started peeling off. Alka said, \"His doctors are not surprised, but shocked, when they learnt about his result . They said it was the first time that a child suffering from such an ailment had not only appeared for the exams but also scored well.\"Mehra is keen on taking up a Bachelor of Mass Media course, but given his current health condition, he plans to study Arts. \"I will take up Arts now and later, go for BMM when I am physically fit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13498286", "title": "Power demand surges to all-time high", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the mercury soaring to 44 degree Celsius, power consumption touched an all-time high of 5,032 MW on Friday, breaking all previous records. The development has sent alarm bells ringing in the power department as sources feel that discoms may be not be fully prepared to meet the rising demand in the coming month. The previous record of 5,028 MW was met on August 2, 2011.The peak demand of 5,032 MW was met at 3.44pm on Friday afternoon, with many households using air-conditioners or water coolers. According to the power companies, BSES Rajdhani witnessed the highest demand of 1,940 MW in areas of south and west Delhi while BSES Yamuna met a peak demand of 1,336W, the season's highest so far. \"Going by the trend, discoms anticipate that the demand will soon touch 5,400 MW. Every year, the demand is increasing by at least 20%. Arrangements have been made keeping this in mind,'' said a senior official.Power department officials said that there was no problem in meeting Friday's peak demand. In fact, Delhi had a surplus at that point of time. \"The power sector has gone through massive changes over the last decade. Power consumption has jumped from 3,097 MW in July 2002 to 5,032 MW on May 25, 2012. If the temperatures remain the same, demand may even go up to 5500 MW,'' said a spokesperson for Delhi Transco.Officials added that the purchasing power of public has increased and more and more consumers are buying more gadgets that operate on electricity. \"This is one of the major factors of rising electricity consumption. The demand of power over the years has shown significant growth, which is a clear indication of increasing prosperity,'' added the spokesperson. Discoms said they have made sufficient arrangements for supplying power to fulfill the electricity needs of Delhi and the government is also keeping close tabs on the daily power demand and supply in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13428636", "title": "Big bucks drive professionals to farming in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujaratis are going back to their roots. And, it makes good business sense too. A buoyant agriculture in the state is luring an increasing number of professionals and entrepreneurs to switch to farming.Mahendra Patel, 42, recently closed down his electronics goods showroom. Patel, who owns an acre of land on the outskirts of Ahmedabad, found growing Dutch roses more lucrative than his business. \"My income has grown many fold,\" says Patel, who made a neat Rs 30 lakh this year.Arvind Patel, a practising doctor put down his stethoscope to pick up a plough. Patel, 70, now grows exotic vegetables in Gamdi village in Ahmedabad. \"I initially did it to break the monotony. But, now it turns out that this is good business,\" says Patel, whose son is settled in the US.Official data shows there is a 9% growth in the number of farmers in Gujarat over the last five years - there are 46.61 lakh farmers in the state. The growth in numbers is largely driven by consistently good monsoon over the last decade. A portion of it could also be realtors turning to farmers to buy agriculture land.State agriculture minister Dileep Sanghani says the number of farmers is increasing since a large number of people who switched over to other professions are returning to farmlands. \"The number is higher in Saurashtra, where farmers forced their sons to join other professions due to perennial water crisis. Water availability is luring them back,\" says Sanghani.Krupesh Pandya, 44, who worked as a godown manager for a tea firm left his Rs 10,000 job to take up farming fulltime. \"My income has increased five fold,\" he says.D M Vaghela, deputy director of state horticulture department, says a number of subsidy schemes on net and greenhouses is a major pull.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501731", "title": "Municipal polls to remain a BJP-SP contest, feel analysts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The announcement of election for local bodies has once again set UP's political temperature on the rise. More than just the rural pockets, a keen contest appears to be brewing between the Bharatiya Janata Party , which has a significant presence in the urban areas and the Samajwadi Party post its land slide victory in the assembly elections.Political analysts feel that it will be a close call for the BJP, whose performance was dismal in the urban constituencies during the assembly elections. This despite the fact that out of 12 municipal corporations in the state, eight had BJP mayors. The example of Lucknow can certainly be highlighted. The city had a BJP mayor, it lost six assembly seats in the state capital during the 2012 assembly elections, with all the seats won by Samajwadi Party.The Samajwadi Party fared well not only in the rural pockets, but also in the urban areas. Interestingly, the party has decided to allow only those candidates contesting mayoral seats to use the party symbol - an indication that the party wants to make its presence felt in the urban areas, even as it starts preparing for the 2014 Lok Sabha election. This was more evident when the state government cancelled the format of reservation for mayoral seats put in place by the Mayawati government. Though the reservation format was a rotational one, but the department of urban development used its powers to set the reservation system that the opposition alleged suited the ruling party. The Samajwadi Party as a matter of fact has just one mayor (in Moradabad) among the 12 municipal corporations.The SP received a shot in arm during the assembly elections itself after Agra mayor Anjula Mahaur, who belongs to the BJP moved into SP camp. At the same time, the SP will also have an advantage to get some of its members nominated in the urban local bodies, thereby giving them a chance to increase their corporators' tally.It will also be a keen contest for the Congress which will seek to post a better performance in the local bodies. Currently, mayors of Allahabad, Bareilly and Jhansi belong to the Congress.The Bahujan Samaj Party with a bleak presence in the urban area, will not be contesting the local bodies' elections. The BSP, has been refraining itself from contesting the local bodies elections since 2006. In fact, the BSP has been trying to avoid the local bodies' elections, which, significantly were scheduled to be organised just before the assembly elections. Luck favoured the BSP government after the high court in November asked the state government to conduct assembly elections based on the new Census data. Both the state government and the directorate later clarified that the data may not be available before 2013, giving the state government more ammunition to delay the local bodies' elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504835", "title": "Times Property Showcase begins today", "text": "PUNE: The Times Property Showcase, a two-day property exhibition, will open at the Pune Marriott Hotel and Convention Centre, Senapati Bapat Road, on Saturday.Times Property Showcase is Pune's most successful property exhibition, conceptualised with the aim to provide a transaction-focused platform to the top builders and developers in Pune. Select projects spread over the entire city, which suit the needs of discerning home buyers and investors, will be showcased.The exhibition will be open between 10.30 am and 7.30 pm both days. For details, contact Madhur on 9158535353 or Ashish on 9890383534.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13504854", "title": "Low security make netizens vulnerable to cyber crimes", "text": "INDORE: Lack of awareness about internet and low level of internet security is fast making Indore a heaven for cyber crimes and criminals. There has been a steady increase in the number of cyber crimes registered in the city. These include ATM fraud, phishing and impersonation.The city along with other emerging cities face increasing risk of online attacks as cyber criminals look to exploit the low adoption levels of security measures in these cities, declared internet security provider, Symantec recently.Inspector General Police (IGP) of state police cyber cell, Rajendra Mishra said that industrial emerging cities are really vulnerable to cyber crimes and Indore is among them. Crimes like banking frauds, credit card frauds, ATM frauds, recruitment fraud, harassment, fishing, disturbing communal harmony, impersonation, morphing, defamation and character assassination are on the rise.A city-based girl Anamika (name changed) said, \"I feel scandalized to receive e-mails from unknown senders who say they to want to have sex with me (or any other girl) and claim to have a penis size of 9!\" This is an example only. There are many ways criminals try to approach females and disturb their presence in cyber world, she added.On the condition of anonymity, a senior official said that the situation is very bad in the city and state as people are not aware about the rapid developments in the cyber world. Complete dependence on cyber world without proper security has made the job easy for criminals.In the absence of experts and cyber police, Indore has become more vulnerable for cyber criminals, he added.DSP crime branch and in charge of cyber cell, Indore Jitendra Singh said that Indore is one of vulnerable city for cyber crime due to high student population and internet users. Crimes like banking fraud and harassing females is also increasing.He said that state government has recently established a head office (Bhopal) and four regional offices including of cyber cell in Bhopal , Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior in the state to deal to increasing challenges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13506211", "title": "ATS was under tremendous pressure to crack 13/7 bombings case: Rakesh Maria", "text": "MUMBAI: The state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria admitted on Friday that his department was under \"tremendous pressure\" to crack the 13/7 bombings. The media pressure, combined with speculation that the probe may be handed over to the National Investigation Agency, had left the ATS embattled.\"We were under tremendous pressure to solve the 13/7 blast case. The media criticized us for not solving the case at an early stage. Still, we continued our investigation and by a month after the blasts had found out about the involvement of the Indian Mujahideen. This happened after the arrest of Haroon Rashid Naik in a fake currency case,\" said Maria.\"When everybody thought we were clueless, our teams were scanning CCTV images,\" said Maria. \"We formed four teams, each having eight personnel. It was a tough job to go through CCTV images from 170 cameras. It took 29 days to scan and identify people.\"In January this year, when the ATS announced a breakthrough in the case, there were reports of rivalry between it and the Delhi police's Special Cell. Sources in the Delhi police were quoted in the media as saying that the ATS action had jeopardised their chances of trapping IM leader Yasin Bhatkal and his associates. The Centre ended the feud by congratulating the Maharashtra ATS on its success.\"We were on the right track from the beginning. We wanted to get results and therefore waited for a long time before announcing the arrests. Our aim was to solve the case and we nabbed the accused when we had collected evidence against them,\" said Maria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13498146", "title": "Jagan case: Andhra Pradesh Congress leader deplores excise minister's arrest", "text": "GUNTUR: A Congress MP from Andhra Pradesh today said CBI should have probed the role of KVP Ramachandra Rao, the chief advisor to former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, in connection with the disproportionate assets case involving YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy.Expressing his disapproval over the arrest of excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao by CBI yesterday in Jagan graft case, V Hanumantha Rao said, \"Mopidevi is a small fry as far as scams pertaining to the erstwhile Y S Rajasekhara Reddy government is concerned. CBI should have quizzed Ramachandra because he had played a crucial role in the YSR government.\"The Rajya Sabha MP also criticised media for portraying Jagan as a \"hero figure\".\"The media exposure should commensurate with Jagan's status and role in the state politics,\" he observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13503080", "title": "Scientist who gave a royal touch to canvas", "text": "KOCHI: Her career with the Central Institute of Fisheries Technology as a scientist could be the reason why Dr Nirmala Thampuran, a member of the erstwhile Kochi royal family, has mostly sea-related themes on her canvas. Her world revolves around the myriad colours of her murals.\"My paternal great-grand uncle of Keerangaattu Mana played a pivotal role in designing the attractive paraphernalia used in divine processions. He helped design decorative features like nettipattam (caparison), aalavattam (peacock feather fans) and venchaamaram (yak tail whisks),\" says Dr Nirmala.She believes her aesthetic sense is hence hereditary, and that her passion for colours emanates from this. However, getting selected as a CIFT research fellow meant she keep aside her love for the canvas.It was in 2009, after she retired from a busy professional life, that Dr Nirmala took the brush again. Her re-entry into the world of colours, interestingly, was deeply influenced by her 40 year-long professional life. \"As a major portion of my life dealt with the amazing life cycles of aquatic creatures like fish and crab, my sense of colour and sub-conscious were strongly influenced by the beauty of the ocean,\" she says.\"I prefer to adopt a simple way to narrate my ideas,\" she says. And it was because of this simplicity in conveying her messages that her paintings were well-received at a recent exhibition in Durbar Hall Art Gallery.Nirmala was trained in mural painting by Chakrapaani, an art teacher from Tripunithura.She is also the secretary of the Valiyamma Thampuran Kovilakam Trust, which maintains the Kalikotta Palace and Valiyamma Thampuran Kovilakam.Her aesthetic vision helped her in renovating these structures and keeping their antique beauty intact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "13499422", "title": "Mopidevi\u2019s arrest derails Congress\u2019s bypoll campaign", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: The arrest of minister Mopidevi Venkataramana in the Jagan assets case has thrown the Congress poll campaign into disarray with several ministers halting on the campaign trail. Other leaders have suddenly become tongue-tied, unable to decide whether the former excise minister should be defended as a loyal Congressman or abandoned as a bad apple.The bypolls to 18 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha constituency are 17 days away and the campaigning is presently at its peak. But the swift developments of the last few days leading to the arrest of Mopidevi and a question mark on the fate of five other ministers under the CBI scanner has sown confusion among Congressmen in almost all the assembly constituencies.According to sources, several ministers are reluctant to lead the campaign in the given situation with the CBI breathing down their back. Rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad, who had been bellicose on the Vanpic project issue over the last few days, has fallen silent after the arrest of his cabinet colleague.Mopidevi was in-charge of Prathipadu (SC) assembly constituency and was given charge because of the well-known differences between district party rivals Kanna Lakshminarayana and Rayapati Sambasiva Rao. And none of the Telangana ministers who were given charge of the constituencies in the Seemandhra region campaigned so far.The fate of two of them, Sabita Indra Reddy and J Geeta Reddy, hangs in balance. In West Godavari, where bypolls are due in Polavaram assembly constituency, the Congress is a divided house and the situation has worsened with the exit of Eluru MLA Nani who is all set to join the Jagan camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500602", "title": "98.32% voter turnout for legislative council election", "text": "NASHIK: Nine members of the Janrajya Aghadi, a local outfit, defied their party whip and cast their votes for the election for a seat in the legislative council from the Nashik local self-governing body constituency, in which 98.32% of voters- who are members of local bodies in the district, cast their votes. Communist Party of India (Marxist) members abstained from voting.The nine members from the Bhagur municipal council exercised their franchise for the MLC poll. \"Nobody can ask us not to vote. That is why we are here,\" said Gorakhnath Balkhavde, member of Bhagur Municipal Council.The electoral college for the MLC poll comprised 475 members, out of which 467 turned up to vote, making it 98.32%. In Nashik out of 154 voters, 151 came to vote, making the total voting percentage 98.5%. The election was a face-off between Shiv Sena's Shivaji Sahane and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP)'s Jayant Jadhav.In Yeola, the voting percent was 96.77. A member of the NCP was out touring, and hence did not turn up to vote. In Surgana, the voting percent was zero as all the three members were from the CPM. The four members from Nashik were also from the CPM. One vote each from Baglan and Nandgaon were disqualified. In all the other centres, there was 100% voting.General Secretary of the Janrajya Aghadi party Santosh Gosavi said that the party would take action against those defying the orders. \"We were doubtful about their loyalty while voting and that is why we asked them to abstain from the election,\" said Gosavi.Dr DL Karad said that the reason for his party, CPM, abstaining the election was that they did not approve of either of the candidates or their parties. \"The counting will take place on Monday, 8am onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "13508061", "title": "Programmes planned to observe centenary of Ghadar movement", "text": "BARNALA: The Ghadar Party centenary might be one-and-a-half years away, but countdown has already begun to observe it in right earnest.Starting from the birth centenary of Ghadar Party's youngest activist Kartar Singh Sarabha on May 24, the observance will culminate on November 1, 2013. The Ghadar Party was formally launched on this date a century ago at far away US with the motive of liberating India from the clutches of British rule, sources said.Scores of programmes have been lined up to observe the Ghadar Party centenary not only in Punjab, but in US, Canada and UK as well.\"The observance of Ghadar (revolution) is devoted to those known or unknown Ghadarites (revolutionaries), who laid down their lives or worked for the independence of India. The Desh Bhagat Yaadgar Committee during this one-and-a-half years will chronicle the lives of Ghadarites and Ghadar\", said organizing committee member Amolak Singh.The committee has decided to get the spirit of celebration to America and Canada, where the Ghadar movement took shape. Efforts would be made to put the Punjabi community, settled in those countries, at the forefront to celebrate the centenary by undertaking an overseas campaign.\"Efforts will be made to make people aware about Ghadar movement, which contributed a lot in the nation's freedom struggle, even from outside India. Seminars in the present context, plays and talk shows would be organized to make masses aware about Ghadar movement\", said Amolak.Amolak said efforts will also be made to dig up records pertaining to movement from various archives in America and Canada. Small libraries even in villages would be approached to make literature about Ghadar available to rural folks.Meanwhile, coinciding with the centenary of Ghadar Party, some American Punjabis have planned to document the lives of Ghadarites through a Punjabi film.\"The proposed film will shed light on the struggle and lives of Ghadarites, how they formed the party away from their motherland and how they contributed in the Indian freedom struggle\", said California-based Punjabi, Sukhdev Singh, who is the brain behind the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13503565", "title": "DPS family carves a niche in Jharkhand with brilliant results", "text": "RANCHI: Delhi Public Schools in the state have made a distinct identity for them with students of all three satellite DPS schools performing brilliantly in the all-India secondary school examinations, results of which were declared by the CBSE on Thursday.While DPS Bokaro emerged as the best performing school of the state with 61.43% students appearing in the school finals obtaining 10 cumulative grade point average (CGPA) in all five subjects, DPS Ranchi had 44.40% students in the same category.DPS Dhanbad had 62 students in the same category that scored A1 in all five subjects. Apart from satellite schools, even the privately owned schools managed by the Delhi Public School Society have performed well. One such school, DPS Jamshedpur, also performed well. Out of 158 students appearing in the school finals this year, 24 obtained A1 in all five subjects.DPS Ranchi principal J Mohanty gave all credit to students, teachers and parents for the improvement in their performance.\"Even as the school remained at second position last year, we were targeting more 10 CGPA this time and were successful in achieving 44.40% students in that category,\" he said.Mohanty argued that the students have become more disciplined since introduction of comprehensive and continuous evaluation scheme in the schools. He admitted that all the 140-plus DPS Society-run schools in the country perform well in academics and co-scholastic activities meant for the students. \"The 11 core schools in Delhi and Mumbai have set a benchmark which is followed and bettered by other schools in different cities of the country,\" he said.Apart from core schools, DPS Society in agreement with public sector enterprises runs around 30 schools across the country.Ranchi and Bokaro DPS are run in association with Steel Authority of India Limited whereas DPS Dhanbad is run in association with Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL).Ranchi DPS student Parna Roy, who scored 10 CGPA in all five subjects, hailed reputation of the school and said it was a challenge to the students to maintain its glory. \"Teachers and parents equally owe the credit for our good performance,\" she said.Bokaro DPS, apart from faring in the school finals, also came up brilliantly in the IIT joint entrance examination.As many as 42 students cracked the entrance test of IIT this year. Similar was the performance of DPS Ranchi and Dhanbad from where almost three dozen students cracked the IITs this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500637", "title": "Burglary at Nagpur Municipal Corporation staffer's home", "text": "NAGPUR: Burglars struck at Maryam Nagar-based residence of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) employee Anwar Khan. Khan, posted at the NMC's Ambazari crematorium, had gone out on night duty on Thursday when the incident occurred. When he returned on Friday morning, Khan was stunned to find doors of his house left wide open.Khan said the thieves broke open the almirah and took away booty worth Rs 1.32 lakh, including cash Rs 15,000 and 70 gms gold jewellery. Fortunately, the miscreants failed to spot some more jewellery kept hidden under some clothes.Khan's wife was away to Mumbai to attend a funeral. He had sent his children to stay with his mother residing in Pardi area. An offence has been registered by Sitabuldi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "story", "code": "13844831", "title": "Mayabazaar", "text": "Story: Three different stories - Smriti (Memories), Satwa (Soul) and Bhobiswot (Future) - interwoven in one complex plot, creating a world of illusion.Movie Review: What's there beyond life? Is death the ultimate destination for us, or is there another world, another 'life' beyond it? Is reality comprises of just the world we see with our mortal eyes, or are there more to it? As the audience wades through the three haunting stories of love, mortality and death, these questions remain in the background, resurfacing in every other scene.If we see minutely, the three different themes of the stories are woven with a thread of uniformity. Smriti or memories tell us Kuhu's (Roopa Ganguly) story of unrequited love. Losing her loving husband Bijan (Badshah Moitra) at a very young age leaves Kuhu searching for more. But when one of Kuhu's past flame, Nishith (Krishno Kishore Mukhopadhyay), recounts her story, a lot of unnerving truths come up. As Kuhu continues to search Bijan in every man, uncannily Bijan's presence lingers and becomes more and more prominent in Kuhu's lovers. These incidents question an atheist's faith that there is no existence of a phenomenon called spirit. The director (Joydeep Ghosh) has taken the gist of a Sarandindu Bandopadhyay's classic short story and given it a modern outlook. Still, the inherent essence remains the same.The open-ended story of Kuhu, Bijan and Nishith flows into Satwa (Soul). It tells a tale of a dreamer. Dhritin's (Dipanjan Bhattacharya) world consists of his panting and soulful poetry. In them, he searches for his 'manoshi'. A beautiful face often comes in his dreams and taunts him incessantly. Her search takes Dhritin to the lonely world Nijhumpur where reality merges to magic realism. When he reaches a haunted, old house inhabited by just a caretaker, a sense of homecoming envelopes him. He finds what he was searching all through his life in the shadowy presence of Lata (Payel De), whose existence remains a question to the outer world. This poignant story also leaves a void behind it.When the film moves on to Bhobiswot (Future), the presence of the unexplained becomes more and more prominent. Mahesh Mittir (Dhritiman Chatterjee), a Mathematics professor, is a hardcore non-believer, unlike his best Haranath (Pradip Chatterjee). As they continue arguing about the contradiction between logic and faith, the carriers of death roams around them, mocking at the mortal blindness. Mihir goes on looking for proofs of life beyond hard-realities and ultimately becomes a proof himself. Their story forces the audience to ponder through the illusory world in which the friends fade away.Mayabazaar is an unusual attempt to give us a different cinematic experience. But, not only are the pace extremely slow, also the editing and the direction somehow do injustice to the plots. Smriti having the solid backbone of a good short story is a good effort. Roopa Ganguly and Krishno Kishore do a commendable job. But their intimate scenes could have been shot in a more aesthetic way. In the next story, Dipanjan's ridiculously long wig and ill-fitted kurta become an eye-sore, but Payel's innocence and silent expressions are worth the watch. Unfortunately, in the third tale, the director shows death as young men wearing black tee's and sunglasses with deadpan expressions. His efforts leaves the people watching the movie laughing out loud. This overshadows Dhritiman and Pradip's acting capabilities. These unavoidable hitches prevent the film from being a good watch. But with some eerie locations and haunting background score, it definitely takes you through a goosebumpy trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13502919", "title": "Year later, tribals still fighting for their rights", "text": "PANAJI: Exactly a year after the Bali riots claimed the lives of two tribals-Mangesh Gaonkar and Dilip Velip- members of the United Tribals Associations' Alliance (UTAA) held a Shradanjali function at Azad Maidan on Friday.The meet was attended by over 200 people who observed a two-minute silence in memory of the departed tribal youth.UTAA leaders Prakash Velip, Govind Gaude, Sanvordem MLA Gansh Gaonkar and former MLA Vassudev Meng Gaonkar were present. Many of the leaders lamented that the martyred youth are yet to receive justice. Speaking on the occasion, Gaude said, \"We shouldn't forget the sacrifices made by Mangesh and Dilip.\"Gaude said the tribal community was only demanding their rights. He claimed that despite constitutional provisions, the tribal community has been kept in the dark over their rights for years. He lamented that despite the sacrifices of two lives, the government is yet to give the tribal community its due.Ganesh Gaonkar said the tribal people's support helped make him an MLA. He claimed the government had only completed two months and urged people to give it some more time to resolve their problems. He said he had approached the chief minister along with minister for tribal affairs Ramesh Tawadkar on the issue and said they will continue their efforts.Mourning the death of the two tribal youth, Velip said, \"May 25, 2011, was a dark day for the tribal community.\" He added that even after receiving ST status in 2003, the tribal community had not got its due. Advocate Guru Shirgaonkar said chief minister Manohar Parrikar should have attended the function as he had been supporting the UTAA agitation when he was the leader of the opposition.UTAA has been demanding the setting up of an ST commission, an independent tribal department, 12% budgetary allocation for tribal welfare, 12% reservation for tribals in the state assembly ban on selling of ST land to non-STs, among other demands of their 12-point agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13505686", "title": "Mumbai Indians' summer of discontent", "text": "Another season, another failure. Plenty was expected from Mumbai Indians after their CLT20 win, but the Galacticos failed to clinch the IPL yet again. Here is an analysis as to what went wrong...BE INDIAN, SHUN INDIANS:Only the Deccan Chargers tried out as many players as the Mumbai Indians, a staggering 24 in all. New signing Pragyan Ojha, the Purple cap holder last year for picking most wickets while playing for the Deccan Chargers, should have played all the games, he played just nine. Mumbai seamer Dhaval Kulkarni was ignored till the final two games, in which he picked up six wickets to prove that the decision to keep him in the cold was a blunder. It wasn't wise to 'feed' him to a marauding MS Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo at Bangalore. From where did MI find Rahul Shukla? Local prodigy Suryakumar Yadav, one of the stars of the side's CLT20 triumph, was dropped after getting just one game, where he faced just one ball. Clearly, this franchise has much to learn from the Rajasthan Royals and Kings XI Punjab in how to promote local talent.OPENING CONUNDRUM:Team Mumbai tried out eight different opening combinations, but by the time they struck the 'perfect formula' in Dwayne Smith and Sachin Tendulkar, it was too late. South African T20 sensation Richard Levi started with an impressive half-century against the Chennai Super Kings, but was excluded a few failures later. From then on, it was a case of musical chairs with James Franklin, Davey Jacobs and Herschelle Gibbs all being given a go. Gibbs and Tendulkar's injuries contributed to this crisis, but the Mumbai Indians should have devised a better way to make the most of the new ball. A classic example was the start Gibbs and Tendulkar gave against the Kolkata Knight Riders at the Wankhede in Mumbai. With MI chasing 141, the pair took six overs to add 26, giving a nervy KKR a foot into the door in a match the hosts should never have lost. Later, the captain and coach Robin Singh both blamed the slow start for the defeat.OH CAPTAIN, MI CAPTAIN:Harbhajan Singh had plenty of motivation going into IPL 5. He had lost his place in the Indian team, and was desperate to get it back. Mumbai Indians winning the Champions League T20 under him, last October, meant that Sachin Tendulkar, at the very last minute, decided to pass on the baton to him. That should have fired up the offie even more. But form continued to elude the man with 229 ODIs and 98 Tests. The off-spinner managed just six wickets in 17 games at an economy rate of 7.11. Those figures could have been much worse, for he had just one wicket after the first eight matches. On nine occasions, he didn't even complete his full quota of overs. It may sound harsh, but Harbhajan could have taken cue from Daniel Vettori and Kumar Sangakkara and sat out of a few games to include someone else. With the skipper struggling to lead by example, MI became too dependent on Lasith Malinga.BIG GUNS FIRE BLANKS:MI paid $2.35m for Dinesh Karthik to the Kings XI Punjab, but it would be fair to say that they got little in return. Karthik was one of the only four to play all the 17 games, but managed just 238 runs at a poor strike rate of 111.73. Strangely, the Tamil Nadu stumper was made to bat at the key No. 4 position, which meant that he was coming ahead of the rampaging Ambati Rayudu and the dangerous Kieron Pollard, for no logic. It would have perhaps been better to play the India discard as a finisher. The biggest gun that failed to fire, though, was Sachin Tendulkar. 324 runs in 13 games @ strike rate of 114.48 are not the figures you would expect from the team's talisman. Just one quality knock, 74 against CSK at the Wankhede, did little justice to his huge reputation.LIFE'S A PITCH:The Mumbai Indians lost frequently at home, and made it a habit to immediately blame the Wankhede pitch for it. After the game against the Deccan Chargers, Rohit Sharma said that the pitch seemed as fast and bouncy as the one at Perth. Harbhajan deliberately appeared confused, about whether to bat or bowl, at the toss in the game against CSK at home. After the loss against Royal Challengers Bangalore, Karthik felt that \"it was a Test match wicket.\" Nobody missed out the fact that Chris Gayle devoured the Mumbai bowling on the same pitch. It seemed MI were a bunch of 'angry young men.' Pacer Munaf Patel was fined twice for misbehaviour, Rohit was fined for kicking the stumps after the loss against RCB. Ambati Rayudu unnecessarily chose to have a go at RCB's Harshal Patel after winning at Bangalore. Was it stress that caused them to react that way?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499640", "title": "Friday namaz signals revival of south Mumbai market", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after Manish Market was partially destroyed by a fire, a special 'jumma namaz' or Friday prayers signaled the revival of the complex famous for its gadgets and toys.The prayers were offered on a mosque located on the third floor of the building. The event was attended by scores of shopkeepers who ply their trade in the market, which may reopen for business a fortnight later.On November 26, 2011, a fire razed Sara-Sahara Market next to the M R A Marg police station in south Mumbai before moving across the road next to it and engulfing Manish Market. Conjecture followed over the complex's underworld links, particularly because the accident occurred on the anniversary of the 26/11 terror attack of 2008.Each of the 280 tenants paid Rs 1,000 per sq ft to repair the charred interiors and many of them temporarily relocated to Tardeo's Heera Panna departmental store. \"We are glad to be back as it is in Manish Market that we have been doing business since 1974,\" said Aslam Malkani, a shop owner. The estimated losses ranged from Rs 200 crore to Rs 500 crore and no insurance cover was available due to the illegal status of the shops.Civic authorities had remarked how every rule in the book was flouted by constructing illegal extensions and also pointed to the absence of firefighting equipment. In fact, firemen scarcely gained access to the building owing to the hindrances on the road. \"All those factors have been streamlined,\" said Haroon Merchant, secretary of Nutan Pushpak Society, on which the structure stands. \"We have installed fire alarms, sprinklers as well as cables and ducts for electrical wiring. We will seek all permissions before reopening.\"The authorities were perplexed how the flames managed to leap 30-35 ft across the open road from Sara Sahara to Manish Market. \"The wind was blowing in this direction. Moreover, both complexes contained tonnes of inflammable material like electronics, cellphone batteries and plastic ware,\" said Merchant.The cause of the blaze remains a blur with fire department sources citing a possible short-circuit as the reason. \"We did not insist on the report as it was meant to be confidential,\" the secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "daspur", "code": "13502169", "title": "Seven policemen injured in Daspur mob attack", "text": "DASPUR: Seven policemen were injured when a mob attacked a police team for raiding a gambling den in Rajnagar village at Daspur in West Midnapore on Thursday night. Police said the den was active in a room of a school, located behind a field where the village mela was going on.Seven policemen were injured, two of them critically, when a mob attacked a police team that raided a gambling den behind a mela premise in Rajnagar village at West Midnapore's Daspur on Thursday night. The gambling den, said police, was active within a room of a school located behind a field where the mela was on. The mela is an annual event in the village and is held alongside a Kali puja there.On seeing the police team, led by Daspur police station OC Abhijit Biswas and DSP (crime) Debojyoti Chakraborty, the villagers turned violent. Not only did they damage the cars of Biswas and Chakraborty, but the mob also severely beat up the DSP's security guard, Soumya Saha. Saha and another policeman, were admitted to Midnapore Medical College and Hospital. while the others were taken to hospitals in Ghatal and Daspur.Soon, local villagers outnumbered the police team and turned violent. The mob damaged cars of the DSP crime and the OC. The DSP crime's security guard Soumya Saha was badly beaten and sustained a serious head injury. He was taken to Midnapore Medical College and Hospital where he received six stictches on his head. The mob injured seven policemen, of whom Saha and another cop were taken to Midnapore Medical College and Hospital while the rest were taken to hospitals in Ghatal and Daspur.The police team, however, managed to raid the den and arrested nine persons in connection with the gambling racket. Twenty villagers were also arrested for rioting and produced in the Ghatal ACJM's court on Friday. They have been charged with attempt to murder under section 307 IPC as well as damaging police vehicles.West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said a mob tried to prevent police from raiding a gambling den.Amid the mayhem, the police team that raided the gambling den at Rajnagar village managed to arrest nine people including those who had organised the racket. Them apart, 20 other villagers were arrested for rioting and produced in the Ghatal ACJM Ambarish Ghosh's court on Friday. They have been charged with attempt to murder under section 307 IPC as well as damaging police vehicles.West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said a mob tried to prevent police from raiding a gambling den.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13508284", "title": "Army chief to build house in Dharamshala", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: After staying at the helm of the 1.3-million strong Army for nearly two years and having fought a pitched battle with the government over his retirement age, Chief of Army Staff Gen VK Singh would spend at least a part of his retired life in the tranquil atmosphere of the hills. He will soon begin constructing his dream house in Tapovan village near here.Gen Singh had purchased 750 square yard land in 2008 and had put up a boundary wall. The plot of land is nestled in the foothills of the Dhauladhar range, with a breathtaking view of the snowline.Gen Singh was here on Friday to address the state-level meet of the ex-Army personnel. \"There is a spiritual connect in Himachal Pradesh, so close to the hills. Apart from this, my younger daughter is married to a family in Himachal Pradesh. So, there is a relation. I have taken permission from the state government for the purchase of this land,\" said Gen Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13506907", "title": "Boundary dispute: Assam to respond with official documents", "text": "SHILLONG: Assam chief secretary NK Das assured that the Assam government would respond in \"black and white\" to lay claim on the 12 areas of difference along the inter-state boundary with Meghalaya during the chief secretary-level talks held at Dispur on Thursday.\"Assam will respond shortly to the 12 areas of difference along the interstate boundary with Meghalaya after which another chief secretary-level meet will be held,\" Meghalaya chief secretary WMS Pariat said here on Friday.The top official said that any claim made by either side \"beyond the constitutional boundary\" will have to be supported by documents and should be in \"black and white\". At the high level talks between the officials of the two states, it was also decided that there would be a \"coordinated approach\" towards reducing tension in the conflict areas, including Langpih (Lampi in Assam) area.The director general of police and other senior home officials of both states participated in the talks besides the deputy commissioners of Kamrup and West Khasi Hills district.On the skirmishes that erupted at Langpih, Khanduli and Khanapara recently, Pariat said he cannot rule out the involvement of \"vested interests\" on both sides of the interstate boundary. Both the chief secretaries agreed on coordination at all levels of governance and at the grassroots level to reduce tension and develop the border areas of both the states.Pariat, however, said that local mechanism would be explored and different communities would be consulted before undertaking development works, which would be done in consultation with local deputy commissioners.Terming the high-level meet as \"good and conducive for development\", Pariat added that the next CS-level meeting is expected to be held within two month to discuss how to end the decade-old boundary dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13510569", "title": "Powercom suspends supply to medical college", "text": "JALANDHAR: Power supply of Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS), being run by a society headed by rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra, was disconnected by Punjab State Power Supply Corporation (Powercom) on Thursday due to non-payment of bills of over Rs 45 lakh. However, Rakhra feigned ignorance about the development, even on Friday.PIMS is a 400-bed hospital and medical college. It was built by the state government and which was given to PIMS Medical Education Charitable Society by the previous SAD-BJP regime in 2009.The prestigious medical college is now running on generators to run its operations. It is learnt that PIMS has been facing funding issues for the past several months.Powercom SDO Balbir Singh said they had to disconnect the power supply as they served notices on the PIMS authorities, but the bill piled up in the past four months. It is learnt that senior Powercom officials had even asked PIMS authorities to take permission from competent authority to deposit the bill in installment.Patients and their attendants said the airconditioners did not work properly and no cold potable water was available. When contacted on Friday evening Rakhra feigned ignorance. \" I don't know about it and will now get the information,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499509", "title": "Borivli man jumps to death after tiff with wife", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old man jumped to his death from his eighth-floor flat at a Borivli (E) highrise early on Friday.Avinash Chaugule, the deceased, had had an altercation with his wife and was inebriated when the incident took place. Chaugule worked in the advertising and editing industry. He stayed with his wife at Bhoomi Breeze society in Borivli's Raheja Complex. No suicide note was found.Chaugule and his wife have lived in the area for the past 7-8 years, while his extended family resides in Kolhapur. Police officials said Chaugule and his wife had marital issues and fought regularly. They had been married for 16 years and were childless.\"Chaugule was addicted to liquor. He frequently threatened to end his life. On Thursday night, following a fight with his wife, Chaugule called up his elder brother and a friend. He told the duo to rush to his house if they wanted to meet him for the last time as he was going to commit suicide,\" assistant commissioner Sunil Deshmukh said. \"The duo came over and tried to calm Chaugule down. They never imagined he would actually carry out his threat.\"Chaugule was seated on a couch in the living room, taking swigs from a liquor bottle, when his brother and friend arrived. When Chaugule went to the bathroom, his friend advised his wife to latch the bedroom window, lest he actually jumped off. But Chaugule's wife replied that the window latch was broken. After stepping out of the bathroom, Chaugule sat on his bed for a while and then abruptly jumped off the window. He was rushed to Bhagwati Hospital, where he was declared dead.The Kasturba Marg police said Chaugule suspected his wife's character which led to quarrels between them. A case of accidental death has been registered. Chaugule's last rites were conducted on Friday after his kin arrived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503186", "title": "Chinks in Congress armour exposed, say analysts", "text": "PANAJI: Congress candidate Raymond D'Sa's last minute withdrawal from contesting the May 16 Cortalim bypoll, and the BJP's Alina Saldanha's unchallenged victory, political analysts say, has exposed the lack of leadership and confidence within the Congress after it was booted out of power following the state assembly election results in March this year.The party cadre is a demoralized lot and the future looks bleak. The Congress brass in Delhi will have to answer why the \"secular\" party could not field a candidate against the \"saffron\" BJP.Although it seems like the Congress had given up on the Cortalim seat long before the election was announced, what with Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho, who held the key for the Congress to win the Cortalim seat, openly saying that considering the ground realities in Cortalim constituency, it wouldn't make sense for anybody to contest and win the seat, other candidates have a different take on the issue.While Congress spokesman Jitendra Deshprabhu alleges that a Congress MLA helped D'Sa withdraw his nomination, D'Sa alleges that the bypoll result was \"fixed\" by the Congress and the BJP. \"Why could Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar not field a dummy candidate?\" D'Sa sought to know.Sources said that the Congress had toyed with the idea of fielding Goa Pradesh Mahila Congress president Cynthia D Silva as a candidate for the Cortalim byelection. Ultimately, the party failed to field D'Silva as even a dummy candidate.This development has left many wondering whether the Congress has a state leadership at all, or if the so-called leaders who projected themselves as chief ministerIAL candidates prior to the March election have all gone bankrupt on ideas to face the BJP on a poll plank?Sources told TOI that prior to D'Sa's withdrawal, Congress leaders had held a late-night meeting before the election with him to avoid embarrassment for the party. But their efforts were in vain as all Congress leaders did not come on board to prevent the candidate from withdrawing his nomination. \"I had initially refused to contest the election. But after central leaders convinced me that Churchill Alemao , Viashwajit Rane, Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and Mauvin Godinho would help me win the election, I filed my nomination. In those five days (from the day of nomination to the day of withdrawal), I gathered that Congress leaders in Goa are not in the hands of the high command. And I didn't want to become the scapegoat. Hence, I withdrew my nomination,\" said D'Sa.The Congress party had also hoped to convince Goa Vikas Party supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco to support its candidate, but Pacheco chose to side with the BJP instead.Some Congress leaders were hoping to win the seat so that they could try and topple the BJP-led coalition government. As the Congress was divided and nobody was really interested in taking Parrikar head-on, everybody in the Congress back-tracked at the last moment from putting up a straight fight.Analysts say that even if the Congress had contested and won the Cortalim seat, they would have had only a slender chance of toppling the BJP government. On the other hand, if the BJP candidate had lost the election, then chief minister Manohar Parrikar would have taken to task the Congressmen who worked against the BJP in the byelection. \"This fear forced Congressmen to stay away from the Cortalim byelection,\" analysts point out.Whatever the reasons for D'Sa's nomination withdrawal, the move has damaged the image of the Congress further and now has party leaders doubting each other.Following the \"fiasco\", party workers and MLAs have now demanded the ouster of the state Congress leadership, including the dropping of high command representatives like J S Brar and Sudhakar Reddy from their respective posts.The Congress has even formed a high-level committee to look into the episode and action will be taken once the committee submits its report, Congress sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13499101", "title": "Off-colour Tagore gallery a nightmare for art events", "text": "NAGPUR: If art events conjure up sophisticated images of well lit and artistically done up art galleries then that's not happening in the city. The organizers of art exhibition Alive7 discovered this the hard way when they rented the Rabindranath Tagore Art Gallery to hold an exhibition on Friday.The gallery, maintained and run by Nagpur Improvement Trust, is located at the NIT complex at North Ambazari Road. Due to its convenient location and being the lone state-run gallery available at a meagre rent of Rs 750, it is much sought after by the promoters of art and related mediums.But the dilapidated condition of the premises makes the effort of holding an exhibition here a nightmare. Peeling paints on the wall, ceiling with gaping holes at places where the PoP has fallen off, no clamps to hang the art work combined with poor ventilation and absence of any cooling facility make hiring of this gallery a loosing proposition.Litter and garbage from the restaurants, located in the complex, is spread all across the staircase which leads to the gallery located on the second floor. Absence of a lift makes reaching the venue tiresome for visitors.Lalit Vikamshi, who runs an art group under the name of AlagAngle and who organized an exhibition here on Friday, says that he had to spend his entire day just getting the place in shape. \"I came in the morning to get the place cleaned. The walls are so awful that we have used white cloth to get a clean background. The clamps to hang paintings are missing too. Besides there is no cooling facility even in this sweltering heat. I have put up a cooler here to make it bearable.\"Vikamshi feels that the hiring charges should be hiked to provide proper facilities.Dean of government-run Chitrakala Mahavidyalay AS Darokar agrees that the gallery is in bad shape but he is against hike in rentals. \"The authorities should be making an effort to improve the facilities and conditions. But considering the poor response to art work in this city, I feel a hike in rental would be a blow to such endeavours,\" he said.Blaming the users for the pathetic condition of the gallery, executive engineer D.M. Sonavane who is responsible for the maintenance of the gallery, says that art groups should ensure that they vacate it in a proper condition. \"They stick tapes on the walls and don't bother to remove it, that's how the paint has peeled. Instances of lights being removed from the walls and even from the stands kept for exhibiting sculptures are common. Besides we do not charge for electricity. Providing for a cooling system would only spike our bills.\"On a more amiable note, Somvane adds that the complaints can be looked into and the lift and other amenities would be in place once the metro zone office shifts to the top floor of the complex.Women artists scintillating work on displayIt was once again a fine collection of paintings done by women artists from cities like Indore, Mumbai and Delhi. Along with fellow artists from Nagpur, they were exhibiting their work at the Alive7 exhibition in its seventh edition. A total of 64 paintings in different mediums were on display.Monica Karnik, a professional artist from Indore, said, \"Last year two of my paintings on goddess Durga were sold. There is a visible growth in the work of artists who have come back this year too.\" Shakti Rane Bhattacharya from Mumbai is a first timer here and five of her paintings are on show. \"We are a group of women from the same college in Indore who paint under the banner of 7Shades. We utilize every platform to show our work as a percentage of sales goes for welfare of girl child.\"The event combined music with art as Sanskriti Raut, a exponent of light music rendered two ghazals at the event. \"There is an effort to draw the interest of the younger generation to art and music. This event is a perfect mix of two,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13500039", "title": "Three tantriks cheat woman of Rs 8L, held", "text": "The Santa Cruz police arrested three tantriks on Thursday for cheating a senior citizen from Versova of Rs 8.15 lakh. The victim, Sarojini Iyer, lives with her 35-year-old son.After seeing an advertisement in a local newspaper about a group of \"God's men\" from Jalgaon, she approached them on May 9 to enquire about her son's career. The accused suggested a religious ceremony, for which she paid them. The accused later demanded more money from the victim and she approached the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "valsad", "code": "13504484", "title": "Climate coup: King of mangoes set to lose its crown to kesar", "text": "VALSAD: Here is some sour news for mango lovers. Valsadi hafoos (alphonso), considered the king of mangoes, is losing its crown to kesar.In fact, mango farmers in south Gujarat, which contributes nearly 60% of the total mango produce in Gujarat, say days are not far when Valsadi hafoos may go off the shelves. The vagaries of climate have hit hafoos the most and maintaining a Valsadi hafoos orchard is becoming a costly affair.This has forced a large number of mango farmers to switch to kesar, whose maintenance cost is half that of hafoos.Upkeep of a Valsadi hafoos orchard of 2,500 trees costs Rs 22 lakh to Rs 25 lakh for a farmer, while that for kesar is Rs 10 lakh to Rs 12 lakh.\"Growing Valsadi hafoos is a gamble now. You lose four out of five times because of onslaught of climate changes,\" said Baalu Desai, a farmer in Navsari.The influx of Valsadi hafoos in Gadat Agriculture Marketing Co-operative Society (GAMCS) in Navsari, one of the biggest markets of south Gujarat for this particular variety, has declined sharply from 35,000 tonnes a year to just 8,000 tonnes. The share of hafoos has come down to 8% in the total mango produce from 35%.N L Patel, head of horticulture department, Navsari Agriculture University (NAU), said, \"It is a fact that many mango farmers in the region have shifted to kesar. A minor change in temperature leads to immediate withering of flowers and fruits in hafoos.\" Rajesh Shah, an award winning mango farmer from Kannadu Biliya village in Vapi taluka, said, \"After five to six years, one may not know the real taste of Valsadi hafoos.\".Kishore Desai, board member of GAMCS, said, \"Hafoos is on the verge of extinction.\"\"These days having a tree or two (of hafoos) is a status symbol for farmers,\" said Sanjay Naik, a mango farmer in Gandeva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13503181", "title": "Three small power projects to be commissioned next year", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The KSEB move to make the state self-sufficient in energy will get a boost with the commissioning of three more small hydroelectric projects (SHEP) in Kozhikode district.SHEPs at Vilangadu, Kakkayam and Chathankodunada are expected to be completed by mid-2013. Such projects are being taken up in place of large scale projects, which are difficult to be implemented owing to their large scale impact on environment.Fifty seven per cent of the work at Kakkayam, a 3 MW run-of-the river (ROR) scheme, is complete. ROR is a type of hydroelectric generation whereby little or no water storage is provided. It's in Koyilandy taluk, and will use the tail water available after generation of power from Kuttiady additional extension scheme. It aims to produce 10.39 million units of electricity per annum. It may be commissioned in May 2013. The Vilangad project in Vadakara taluk will use water from Vaniampuzha and Kavadipuzha tributaries of Mahe River. It may be commissioned in June next year.The Chathankodunada SHEP is also expected to be completed by June 2013. This project will depend on water from Poothampara and Karingad tributaries of Kuttiady River.The state, with support from ministry of new and renewable energy, has allotted Rs 36 crore for Vilangadu SHEP and Rs 32 crore for Chathankottunada SHEP. It has earmarked Rs 22 crore for Kakkayam SHEP.A similar project at Poozhithode, opened in Feb 2011, produces 9.4 million units of electricity a year. Its installed capacity is 3 MW, and it's situated at the confluence of Illiani and Kadanthara rivers.According to officials, the electricity generated by the project will be exported to the State Grid managed by the Regional Load Dispatch Centre. The Kakkayam small hydroelectric project is to produce renewable source of electricity to the residents and industries of Kerala state and reduce the carbon intensity of the Southern grid, officials added.The components of the scheme are two diversion weirs, two power channels, a fore bay tank, a penstock and a power house. The planned capacity of the scheme is 7.5 MW, said the officials adding that they expect to generate 22.63 Million Unit electricity per annum after the commissioning.The component structures of the scheme are three diversion weirs, two power channels, a fore bay, a penstock and a power station , said the officials. The planned capacity of the scheme is 6 MW and it expects to generate an average of 14.76 Million Unit electricity a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13505597", "title": "Farmer killed over wheat procurement", "text": "BHOPAL: In a shocking incident, a 25-year-old farmer was allegedly shot dead in Rajgarh district by the president of a co-operative society that was procuring wheat on behalf of the government at minimum support price. The incident occurred at 11 pm on Thursday, 25 km from Rajgarh town when a long queue of farmers were still waiting outside the Mandawar village wheat procurement centre waiting for their turn to sell the grains. An altercation at the wheat procurement centre turned violent and Sunil Khate became the third farmer to lose his life over wheat procurement in Madhya Pradesh this month.The first week of May saw a violent clash led by the Bharatiya Kisan Sangh in Bareli town in Raisen district which left two farmers dead. One of these deceased farmers was a former sarpanch of Bareli town. The farmers' protest in Bareli was over irregularities in the wheat procurement procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/ gurgaon", "code": "13503742", "title": "'Poor quality coal leading to power cuts'", "text": "NEW DELHI/ GURGAON: Haryana's success in installation of more power plants in the past seven years has brought no relief to consumers. On Friday, the state chief secretary, P K Chaudhary, admitted that though Haryana has surplus installed power generation capacity, because of poor quality coal and inadequate fuel supply the production has reduced resulting in power cuts.Admitting that power remains the main focus of the state which has witnessed rapid urbanization , Chaudhary told industrialists gathered at PHD Chamber of Commerce that they have taken up the issue of uninterrupted coal supply with the Centre.The present status of generation by the power plants shows that all the eight units at the Panipat thermal power plant are generating less than that of their optimum capacity. While the installed capacity of these units is 1,367MW, the production is 1,120MW. One unit of the Rajiv Gandhi thermal plant (600 MW) is lying defunct while the other one is generating 543MW per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13499875", "title": "Chandrapur Higher School Certificate results slightly up", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Chandrapur district witnessed small rise of 2% in HSC results this year. A total of 63.50% of fresh students from the district cleared the HSC exams, results of which were declared on Friday. Four junior colleges in district have come up with 100% results.A total of 26,037 students from 233 junior colleges in the district had registered for HSC exams. Out of these 25,721 appeared and 16,372 cleared the exam.Stream-wise pass percentage was science 78.98%, commerce 53.18%, arts 55.83% and MCVC 78.15%. Out of those passed, 584 have cleared the exam with distinction, 2,942 in first grade, 8,418 in second grade and 4,426 in pass grade.The passing percentage of girls in district is 64.90% ahead of boys whose passing percentage is 62.10%.Tehsilwise passing percentage is Chandrapur 68.96%, Ballarpur 59.19%, Bhadrawati 58.42%, Bramhapuri 64.27%, Chimur 50.90%, Gondpipri 65.58%, Korpana 63.28%, Mul 60.92%, Nagbhid 65.09%, Rajura 62.93%, Saoli 63%, Sindewahi 74.42%, Pombhurna 56.33%, Warora 59.97%, and Jiwti 68.15%.Four junior colleges -- St Mary's Convent Junior College, Chandrapur; Ordnance Factory Junior College, OF Chanda; Khristanand Junior College, Bramhapuri and Manikgarh Cement Junior College, Gadchandur -- have secured 100% results. Two colleges Late B Wankhade Uchaya Madhyamik Vidyalaya, Chandrapur and Hindi Uchya Madhyamik Vidyalaya, Chandrapur secured 0% result.Gadchiroli performance goes downGadchiroli: Passing percentage of Gadchiroli fell for the second straight year. A total of 62.64% students appearing for HSC exams have passed from the tribal district. Last year, Gadchiroli had witnessed steep fall of 14%, while this year passing percentage has dropped by 3.5% compared to last year.In Gadchiroli, 12,217 students registered for HSC exams, out of which 12,065 students had appeared. However, only 7557 students cleared the exam.The stream-wise pass percentage is science 69.58%, commerce 55.91%, arts 58.59% and MCVC 88.54%. Out of those passed, 88 secured distinction grade, 800 cleared the exam in first grade, 3,518 in second division and 3,151 secured pass grade.The pass percentage of girls in district is 63.78%, which is slightly ahead of boys whose passing percentage is 61.64%.Two junior colleges -- Government Technical Higher Secondary School, Gadchiroli and Yashwant Uchcha Madyamik Vidyalaya, Shankar -- have got the privilege of having 100% pass results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500595", "title": "Charges framed against Ruias, Khaitans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paving the way for their trial, a special CBI court on Friday framed charges against Essar group promoters Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia, Loop Telecom's I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan and Essar group director (strategy and planning) Vikash Saraf in connection with a case arising out of the 2G spectrum allocation scam. Besides the five accused, the court also framed charges against three corporates - Loop Telecom Ltd, Loop Mobile India Ltd and Essar Holdings Ltd.Granting bail to all the accused, special judge O P Saini framed charges of criminal conspiracy to cheat the government against them. While the court said all the accused were charged with the offence under Section 120B (criminal conspiracy) read with Section 420 (cheating) of IPC, a charge of cheating was made out against Saraf.\"You all committed an offence punishable under Section 120B read with 420 IPC. Secondly, during the said period, you accused Vikas Saraf got false representations made to DoT officials through your subordinates/employees to the effect that the applicant company was in compliance of clause 8 of UASL guidelines and misled/cheated them into believing so and issuing LoIs, signing of UAS licences and allocation of spectrum and thereby you committed an offence punishable under section 420 IPC,\" the judge said, while fixing July 26 for the trial.The court, in its 81-page combined order on framing of charges and bail, said it was Saraf who had made false representation before the DoT. Allowing the bail plea of the five accused, the court said there was no apprehension that they could tamper with evidence if released on bail. The judge directed them to furnish personal bail bond of Rs 5 lakh each. Several conditions were imposed, including that all of them be present on all dates and that they surrender their passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13518558", "title": "We are geared up for final: Murali Vijay", "text": "CHENNAI: After guiding Chennai Super Kings to a crushing 86-run win over Delhi Daredevils with his majestic century, Murali Vijay said they are \"geared up\" to defend their IPL title against Kolkata Knight Riders .Vijay became the only Indian batsman to score two IPL centuries when he hammered 113 runs against Delhi on Friday. he had scored a hundred in the 2010 edition also.\"Every team can beat the other on a given day. So we need to be wary and cannot take things lightly. The only thing I can tell you is that we are geared up for the match,\" Vijay said.Vijay said he thoroughly enjoyed his knock but does not wish to compare it with any other effort.\"I just went in and started striking the ball. I always go there with wanting to win the match. It's a great feeling to contribute for the team. I don't want to compare this knock with any other, but certainly I had to work hard for it.\"It was hot and humid and I had to take a lot of singles and doubles. I enjoyed the innings and I couldn't have asked for more,\" he said.Vijay said the key was to stay on the crease for long and take on the responsibility to finish the innings.\"In T20, every team wants to score as many as runs as possible and put the opposition under pressure. We were lucky. Everything went our way.\"After the first strategic time out, I thought it was getting slower. So I thought the new batsman would find it difficult. So I just carried on but never expected to score more than 200. It doesn't happen every day. It was just a one-off day and we were very lucky,\" he said.KKR spinner Sunil Narine has put up a terrific show so far but Vijay said it was difficult to make a plan for him.\"Planning won't work against him. You have to watch the ball and play it accordingly. I want to keep it simple.\"Asked about Morne Morkel's absence, he said, \"Obviously, I can't comment on that. That's their decision. Of course, he is a fantastic", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13498314", "title": "Acquisition of land in Surajpur quashed by high court", "text": "NOIDA: Dealing yet another blow to the land acquisition policy of the Greater Noida Authority, the Allahabad high court on Friday quashed acquisition of 17 acres of land in Surajpur village. Setting aside the acquisition, the final award of which was completed in 2011, a two-judge bench of the high court comprising Justice Sunil Ambawani and Justice AN Mittal observed that the land had been acquired 'without any real or actual urgency'.The bench has also directed the respondents to pay Rs 25,000 each as penalty towards cost of litigation to the two petitioners, Bunda of Surajpur village and Saraswati Builders, who had bought land in Surajpur in 1989 prior to the constitution of the Greater Noida Authority in 1991. The Authority had notified Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act on the 17 acres on August 27, 2004 and Section 6 on July 19, 2005. The final award of acquisition was completed on July 22, 2011, informed farmers' counsel Pankaj Dubey.\"The company had acquired the land for construction of abadi settlements. The state government had declared it as abadi land in April 1989,\" said Dubey. \"The land belonging to the first petitioner, Bunda, has been recorded as a pond in government records. Major portion of the land was filled with water and was used for fishing purposes,\" he added.The Greater Noida Authority has confirmed that the land had been earmarked for construction of a water park.\"Since the major portion of the land was covered with water, it had been earmarked by the Authority for the construction of a water park. It had not been allotted to anyone till date,\" said a senior official of the law department of the Greater Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500827", "title": "Illegal mining: Collector wants surprise checks", "text": "NASHIK: Days after Kashinath Bendkoli, from the Talathi Association, suffered a heart attack and died, the district collector said that a practical approach would be a better way to deal with illegal mining so that revenue employees are not burdened.Revenue officials have cracked down on the sand mafia, which in turn has helped tap illegal mining. \"The vigil is important to keep tab on the illegal activities. Now that we are doing it from the better place (check points), it is important to have the activity on a surprise basis so that the revenue officials would be able to perform better. We (collector and additional collector) spoke about the issue and may have some solution to this in the near future,\" Collector P Velrasu said.The Talathi Association had presented a memorandum to the administration requesting for the better working conditions and round-the-clock armed security when they go on duty for vigilance. \"Revenue work is also important. If officials are stuck with only vigilance, there will hardly be any progress in the daily work,\" Velrasu observed.The issue related to minerals was transferred to additional collector, RV Game, who started a special drive against illegal mining under which round-the-clock vigil across check points at entry points to the city was maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13514428", "title": "NetApp under US lens over Syria surveillance system sale", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: US regulators are investigating how a multi-million-dollar storage system from NetApp came to underpin a sweeping internet-surveillance system being built last year for the Syrian regime of President Bashar al-Assad .The US Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security is conducting the probe, according to department spokesman Eugene Cottilli. \"The investigation is ongoing,\" he said.The Sunnyvale, California-based maker of storage technology has condemned any potential use of its equipment in Syria. After Bloomberg News exposed the surveillance project in November, NetApp said it notified the US government that it's conducting an internal review and would cooperate with any inquiry.NetApp is \"continuing to finalize our internal review,\" spokeswoman Jodi Baumann said on April 30. She declined yesterday to comment on the government investigation.The Internet surveillance system was being built to intercept and catalog virtually every e-mail flowing through Syria, and had been under construction as Assad's regime waged a crackdown that has killed as many as 10,000 people.Italian company Area SpA, which spearheaded the development of the surveillance project, bought the NetApp gear for 2.75 million euros ($3.5 million) from an Italian distributor and exported it to Syria, Bloomberg News reported in November. While the sale was indirect, workers for Area and NetApp communicated directly, e-mailing each other after the sale about configuring the equipment, copies of the correspondence show.Ban and sanctions After Bloomberg disclosed the project, Area said it was exiting the deal and the European Union banned the sale of surveillance gear to Syria. On April 23, President Barack Obama authorized sanctions against individuals and entities that provide information technology that aids Syria and Iran in cracking down on dissidents.The US has banned most American exports to Syria other than food or medicine since 2004. NetApp didn't discuss Syria or the government investigation in its quarterly earnings call after the close of regular trading on Wednesday. However, the company alerted investors in a December 5 filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it faces possible punishment and it intends to cooperate with any inquiry.'Adverse impact' \"If we are found to have violated US export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business,\" the company said in the quarterly filing. It repeated the statement in its quarterly report filed in March. NetApp has a market value of about $10 billion, and more than 10,000 employees.Area, which was building the system under a contract with Syria's state controlled fixed-line phone company, has said it never had any relations with Syrian intelligence agencies, and its dealings comply with all export rules. The project was never completed and has never been operational, the company said last November.An investigation last year by Bloomberg News showed how repressive regimes including Bahrain , Iran and Syria have increasingly used Western surveillance technology to track, detain and torture dissidents. Advocacy groups such as Human Rights Watch say Assad's regime has a pattern of using surveillance for arrests that lead to torture and death.E-mail archive The Area system was designed to use NetApp's hardware and software for archiving e-mails for easy retrieval.Early project schematics state that NetApp's technology would provide four petabytes of storage for archiving e-mails and other data. That is more than 15 times the amount of data stored in the online archive of the Library of Congress , or enough storage space for more than a billion digital copies of the epic Leo Tolstoy novel \"War and Peace.\"In November, US Senators Mark Kirk , a Republican from Illinois, Robert Casey , a Democrat from Pennsylvania, and Christopher Coons, a Democrat from Delaware , called for an investigation into NetApp's role in the Syrian project.The senators also called for a review into the possibility of suspending US government contracts with NetApp until a full investigation is completed, noting that NetApp has received more than $111 million in US contracts since 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13521862", "title": "CBI grills Jaganmohan Reddy for second day in assets case", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy arrived for questioning by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) at the Dilkusha Guest House for the second day on Saturday morning amid indications that he would be grilled on Sunday as well.The CBI has charged the YSR regime of bestowing undue favours and concessions to private promoter Nimmagadda Prasad in the land allocation for the industrial corridor and port project spread over 28,000 acres in Guntur and Prakasam districts and that in turn, Parsad invested in the companies floated by Jagan.Former Andhra Pradesh chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy's son, Jagan is slated to appear before the CBI principal special judge A Pullaiah on Monday (May 28). The CBI sources said the investigative agency was likely to leave the matter of his arrest to the court. \"However, don't be too sure as things could change by the evening depending on the answers we get or do not get from him in the questioning,\" said an official.Jagan set out from his Lotus Pond residence in Jubilee Hills at 10.10 am and arrived at Dilkusha Guest House on Raj Bhavan Road at 10.30 am. However, unlike on Friday, several Jagan supporters waylaid the Scorpio vehicle carrying their leader at the gate of his residence. Jagan's personal security personnel and the police had to clear them by force in order to make way for the convoy to proceed.The indications are that the questioning of Jagan by CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana in the Vanpic case will go on till the evening.On day two, the CBI officials are likely to confront Jagan by quizzing him in the presence of former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, industrialist Prasad and bureaucrat K V Brahmananda Reddy, the other accused in the assets case with specific reference to the Vanpic deal.Meanwhile, city residents continued to face hardships due to traffic curbs imposed by the traffic police in view of Jagan's appearance at the CBI office even as few more Congress MLAs hinted that they might publicly display their support for the YSR Congress chief later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13504595", "title": "City records highest temp at 45.7 degree Celsius", "text": "VARANASI: Blistering heat coupled with dry winds made the city sizzle at 45.7 degree Celsius, making Friday the hottest day of the season so far in the region.While the mercury continued to soar touching 45 degree C mark for the third continuous day, scorching heat amidst blowing of dry winds made the conditions even more adverse in the region. Barring the movement of candidates for entrance examinations and other examination in the morning hours in the city, the restricted traffic movement with roads wearing deserted look in the afternoon was witnessed in the day.According to SN Pandey, the spell of intense heat is likely to continue for some more days, as massive heating, along with local heating, has increased the mercury level in the region. \"There are no signs of Western disturbances or blowing of humid air from Bay of Bengal which brings pre-monsoon showers to give respite from the blistering conditions. The conditions are likely to prevail at least till Tuesday (May 29) after which the mercury may fall,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that it has been the fourth time in this month when mercury has touched 45 degree C in the region. While mercury level was recorded at 45.6 degree C on May 17 this year, the Met office has been registering 45 degree C temperature in the last two days (May 23 and May 24).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499592", "title": "Woman kills daughters, hangs herself to death", "text": "HYDERABAD: A mother killed her two daughters before committing suicide by hanging herself at Kushaiguda on Friday. Police said she was depressed following alleged harassment by her husband and in-laws.The woman, Chaitanya, 28, hanged her daughters __ two-and-half year old Likitha and one-year-year old Dikshita. Chaitanya had married Srinivas, a welder, four year ago. For the last several months, Chaitanya was in a disturbed state following alleged ill treatment by Srinivas and and her in-laws, Dhanaya and Kanthamma. '`Using a saree, Chaitanya first hanged the children and subsequently killed herself in a similar manner. She did not leave any suicide note,'' Kushaiguda inspector Srikanth Goud said.At around 9 am, Srinivas and his parents left the house to attend their respective jobs. ``Minutes later the incident took place. The deaths came to light when the house owner went to inform her that the municipal water supply had started,\" police said.Based on the complaint lodged by Chaitanya's father Maheshwar Rao, a case of dowry harassment was registered against Srinivas and his parents. Both Chaitanya and Srinivas's families hail from Srikakulam district.The bodies were shifted to Gandhi Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501658", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation schools fare better than average", "text": "NAGPUR: Though quality of education in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) run schools is often derided, the pass percentage among their students is better state's also Nagpur division's average. Total 264 students appeared cleared the examination from 340 who appeared thus achieving a pass percentage of 77.64.Education officer Ram Dongarwar told TOI the result was laudable. \"Babasaheb Ambedkar Junior College at Untkhana and Sane Guruji Urdu High School and Junior College at Rahatekar Wadi were the only two junior colleges till 2010-11 academic session. From 2011-12, two more-- MAK Azad High School at Ashinagar and Tajabad Urdu High School at Tajabad-also came up. There were 162 students in the first batch at MAK Azad college of which 125 of 77.16% passed. At Tajabad college, 61 cleared of 74 or 82.43% passed. Sane Guruji college has also maintained its performance. Thirty four of its 36 students cleared the examination. The performance of Ambedkar college was poorest. Of total 68 students, 44 or 64.70% cleared,\" he said.Devendra Jangid, student of Untkhana college, stood first among all NMC students with 75.16% while Majida Anjum Mohammed Rehan from Rahatekar Wadi college and Sultana Parveen Mohammed Rais of Ashinagar college were second and third with 74% and 72.50% respectively.However, the performance of NMC schools this year is poor compared with last year. In 2010-11, the result was 88.33%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "margao/panaji", "code": "13503151", "title": "Colva Village panchayat candidates allege fraud, demand recounting", "text": "MARGAO/PANAJI: Aggrieved over results of the Colva panchayat elections, three of the four contestants in one ward complained to the state election commissioner alleging fraud in the counting of votes and demanded a recount.In their separate complaints, Laeana Fernandes, Magdalena Goes and Iveto Andrade pointed out that the tally remained unchanged during the recounting of votes done on two occasions, it was during the third recounting, carried out after two of the candidates had left the counting hall, that the result changed with two contestants getting an equal number of votes. Blanca Fernandes emerged the winner by a draw of lots.The complainants pointed out that during the first three occasions the votes were counted, Blanca polled 125 votes, Iveto polled 58, Laeana polled 128 votes and Magdalena got 58 votes.\"There was another recount after Iveto and Magdalene left the counting hall, in which Blanca and Laeana both polled 127 votes,\" Andrade pointed out, while Laeana complained that her election agent \"was not given a reasonable opportunity to inspect the ballot papers as provided in Rule 54 (vi) (of the Goa panchayat and zilla panchayat (election rules) 1996) despite requests,\" and that her election agent's request for a recount was also rejected by the returning officer.Stating that the act of not providing a recount was \"illegal and violative of the Goa panchayat and zilla panchayat (election rules) 1996, Laeana and the others alleged a \"fraud\" in the ballot count.In another case, Succurrina L D Singh of ward no VII (seven) of St Estevam panchayat has alleged that the counting officer and the returning officer arbitrarily added invalid votes in favour of her rival.Singh, who contested from ward no VII (seven) said after the counting was taken up in the SAG complex, Campal, she polled 166 votes and her opponent, Sabrina Darwin Pereira bagged 164 votes.However, six votes were declared invalid by the counting officer at the desk.After she was leading by two votes, the two officials tried to use the invalid votes. However, she opposed it and demanded recounting, but in vain.Singh has demanded a recount of the votes, alleging misuse of official position by the two officials.A source in the state election commission (SEC) office stated that the candidates were asked to contact the taluka observers if they had any complaints. \"But some of them were not even aware of it,\" the source said.Further, the source said there is no remedy to the problem now, as the ballot boxes have been sealed. \"Taking recourse to courts of law is the only option to the aggrieved contestants,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13499828", "title": "Supreme Court stays cancellation of Jal Mahal land lease case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Friday stayed the Rajasthan High Court judgment that cancelled the lease of 100-acre land near Jaipur's Man Sagar Lake to a private company to develop tourist facilities.A division bench of Justice Deepak Verma and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya, however, restrained the private company from undertaking any fresh construction at the site. The bench said that the undertaking given by the company to the Rajasthan High Court that it would not undertake fresh constructions in the complex would continue. The company, the Jal Mahal Resorts Pvt Ltd, though was allowed to continue the preservation and restoration work of the monument, Jal Mahal, inside the lake.The apex court also issued notices to have replies from the state government and Prof KP Sharma, one of the petitioners on whose pleas the high court cancelled the lease on May 17.The apex court's stay order came as a relief to the state government as well, since the high court had made stern remarks against it while cancelling the lease and license agreements. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra had remarked that the state government committed \"breach of public trust\" and \"abused the powers\" in signing the lease on 'unreasonable' terms.The state government leased out the prime land near the lake and the 17th century monument in it to the private company for 99 years. It was objected that the land estimated to be around Rs 3500 crore was handed over to the company in return for just Rs 2.5 crore annual lease money and the monument was given away for an annual license fee of merely Re 1.Early this week, deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said that the BJP wanted the lease agreement to be cancelled and the land's possession be retaken by the government, as directed by the high court in its May 17 judgment. Tiwari even talked about leading the people to forcibly take possession of the land and the monument if the government failed to do by May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13520514", "title": "Mangalore University set to further reduce result processing time", "text": "MANGALORE: Results processing cycle time of Mangalore University will get a leg up in time for the odd-semester examinations of both graduate and post-graduate courses to be held in October 2012. The University which has already computerised its results processing will take the next step in this direction by allowing its 197 affiliated and constituent colleges to post examination application forms and internal assessment marks of students online.At present, university manually handles examination application forms of more than 85,000-odd students as well as their internal assessment marks sent by the respective colleges. The staff in evaluation section of the university has to enter it manually and university authorities are accountable for mistakes committed during this process. But this is set to change with the colleges using the university website to upload the data and eliminate errors.Vice-Chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy told STOI that the university would arrange for exclusive training sessions for principals of constituent and affiliated colleges sometime in second week of June. \"This is to train them on how to upload examination application forms duly signed by the students as well as their respective internal assessment marks,\" he said, adding the process would vastly increase the efficiency of evaluation section.PS Yadapadithaya, registrar (evaluation) said the agency that has developed the software for computerised results processing of the university has also developed the software for this latest initiative. \"We will issue a password to all principals during the training, which they are at liberty to change at a later date,\" he said, adding data once uploaded by respective colleges would be available seamlessly with the computer section of the university.Hitherto, the internal assessment marks dispatched by the colleges was keyed in by one clerk and verified by three others for accuracy and was a cumbersome process, he said. The software for uploading examination application forms and internal assessment marks has been tried and tested; he said adding that the university henceforth would be in a position to announce results of UG and PG examinations accurately and at an early date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500897", "title": "Biology offers new options", "text": "CHENNAI: If you like to study life and living organisms, you could make a career in the biological sciences. With new options in the pharmaceutical, food processing and agricultural industries, academics is no longer the only way forward for biological science graduates.\"Biomedical engineering, bioinformatics, biometrics, biochemistry, microbiology, environmental microbiology, food technology and genetics are some of the options available to a student who wants to study life sciences,\" says career counselor Kalavathi Amarachelvam. \"With the growth of large-scale farming, graduates in horticulture and agriculture will be in high demand,\" she says. A BSc in agriculture, fisheries or dairy farming is a basic requirement for a person interested in this sector.The scope in the food manufacturing sector also extends to the ready-to-eat and packaged food industry. \"The food industry is undergoing a huge change and according to the new Food Safety Act, all food service providers are supposed to employ a food scientist or technologist,\" says food safety consultant V Pasupathy.\"The industry has a 40% deficit in human resources. There are many jobs for those who study food technology or food science management,\" he says. Candidates could get employed in manufacturing and research and a sense of food and knowledge about Indian culinary sciences is important.\"The pharmaceutical industry is the main industry option for degree holders in biotechnology and pharmacy,\" says E Balaji, CEO of Ma Foi, a hiring firm. \"Research is a critical part of their business and they hire PhDs and post-doctorals in science for their R&D; departments,\" he says. Students with a BPharma degree will find openings in manufacturing and process control.\"Along with the ability to stay committed to a project for a long time, a candidate should be aware of market dynamics and industry specifications and be in sync with the overall vision of the company,\" says C H Ram, head of corporate communications and investor relations at Orchid Chemicals &amp; Pharmaceuticals Ltd. \"There are plenty of opportunities to grow. Any company would be ready to encourage a person with good ideas,\" he says.Waste-water treatment, pollution monitoring and the waste disposal are some of the other industries that are open to biology graduates.However, academics remains the main option for students who graduate in biology, says Shyamala Kanakarajan, vice-principal, Ethiraj College for Women. \"Many of our students also work with medical transcription or scientific publishing firms,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504710", "title": "Jal Police of KAVAL towns to have diving suits", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Keeping in view the forthcoming Mahakumbh and further devising a novel plan to protect the people from drowning, the Jal Police of KAVAL towns, including Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Agra and Lucknow, will be soon equipped with diving suits and other latest equipments.The state police headquarter in Allahabad has mooted the plan to allocate funds worth Rs 37.5 lakh to the police of KAVAL towns to purchase diver's suit, including underwater breathing apparatus, diving gloves, hoods, boots, cylinder, open circuit regulator or rebreather sets, alternative air source (bailout bottle), helmet or full face mask.Talking to TOI, additional director general (ADG), Police Headquarter, Allahabad, Surya Kumar said: \"A diving suit costs around Rs 2.5 lakh and we have planned to provide at least three diving suits to police of KAVAL towns.\" \"Once the personnel of Jal Police are equipped with diving suits, they would be able to work more effectively and save the lives of people from drowning.\"He added that the idea of offering diving suits/kits was mooted after noticing that there has been a spate of drowning cases, especially during festivals. \"Once the diving suits are bought, more people could be saved from drowning,\" he said.A diving suit is a garment or device designed to protect a diver from under-water environment. A diving suit may also incorporate an air-supply system, but in most cases applies only to environmental protective covering worn by the diver. The breathing gas supply is usually referred to separately. There is no generic term for the combination of suit and breathing apparatus alone. It is generally referred to as diving equipment or dive gear along with any other equipment necessary for the dive.The ADG said, \"Diving kit is an equipment used by underwater divers to make diving activities possible, easier, safer and/or more comfortable. The fact is that none of the Jal Police in UP have required equipments meant for saving the lives of the persons from drowning.\"This would be the first attempt by the headquarter officials to provide the much-needed diving kit and personnel of Jal Police would be working more technically once they know the benefits of the diving suits.With Mahakumbh drawing near, it is expected that over 250 divers from Jal Police would be deployed on the occasion. After the allocation of diving suits, special training sessions would be held for Jal Police personnel and they would also be taught diving skills useful in saving the lives of innocent from drowning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506228", "title": "Protests against petrol price hike continue", "text": "KANPUR: Protests against petrol price hike continued on Friday. The people stepped out on roads and protested against the Central government's decision of increasing the prices of the petrol by Rs 7.50.The activists of BJP and SP protested in the city. The members of the two parties held a series of protests for the entire day on Friday. From burning the effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to begging for money for getting the vehicle fuelled, the protestors did everything to raise protest. The protestors demanded to rolling back the increased prices of petrol, stating that this hike has left common masses shattered.The venues of the protest became the Parade crossing, Bada Chauraha, Ghantaghar crossing. The workers of the BJP torched the effigy of the PM and petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy. They raised anti-Congress slogans and termed it as anti-people. The protestors said that during the past three years, the prices of petrol have increased 25 times, which they said is a record. The BJP workers termed Congress government to be the one, which despite having an economist as a Prime Minister, has failed to control prices of all essential commodities. The ruling party at the Centre had snatched the happiness of the people through its faulty economic policies, they added.The members of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal tied a vehicle behind a bull at Ghantaghar crossing. This was done to demonstrate that the prices of petrol have gone so high that its difficult to maintain budget. The protestors said that time has come when people would be forced to get their four wheelers pulled by horses or bulls.The BJP workers said that if the hike in petrol prices is not taken back, the party would be forced to hold bigger agitations against the government. They said that a total of Rs 31 has increased so far by the government in the past three years.Effigy of petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy was burnt by the activists of the Communist Party of India at Bada Chauraha. The members of the SP members also burnt the effigy of the petroleum minister and raised anti-Congress slogans and termed it to be a government of inflation. The party members levelled various charges against the Congress led government in the Centre and said that the common people are reeling under inflation. They said it has become difficult for the people to run the household within the limited income.The SP workers condemned the Congress Party's plan of hiking the prices of diesel in the coming days. They said that the increasing the prices of gas cylinder would disturb the kitchen expenses of the people.Activists of Janrajya Party protested near Chetna crossing. They said that the decision to hike the prices of petrol was not a balanced one and that the Congress party will have to pay for its act. The party members also initiated a signature campaign which would go on till June. Several people signed on the posters and registered protest against the petrol price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13504043", "title": "All household to have ration cards", "text": "BANGALORE: All households in the state will have a ration card, said food &amp; civil supplies minister Shobha Karandlaje.She told reporters on Friday the government was committed to equipping each household with a ration card. With respect to fake ration cards, she said 33 lakh public distribution system (PDS) cards have been weeded out in the past few months for failing to provide supporting documents to prove genuineness. \"The Centre has expressed happiness in the Parliament over the state government's steps in removing fake ration cards,\" Shobha said. The minister said it didn't want to harass the public but wants to ensure that all eligible families would not be deprived of the scheme's benefits.She said the previous government, through a private agency, issued over 1.68 crore ration cards against a population of 1.2 crore households. As for pilferage of foodgrain, Shobha said the movement of grain from Food Corporation of India (FCI) to the state's warehouses has been completely computerised. \"Due to this, pilferage has reduced by 80%,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13507577", "title": "Cops to take ex-minister's brother on remand", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police would take former minister Pramila Mallick's brother Khirod Mallick on three-day remand on Saturday. Mallick, who is chairman of Biswa (an NGO), was sent to judicial custody on Thursday in connection with a 2011 acid attack case in Mancheswar area here.\"The court has granted us permission to take him on remand for interrogation,\" inspector-in-charge of Mancheswar police station Priyaranjan Satapathy said.A trial court earlier rejected Mallick's anticipatory bail plea following petition by the police on the ground that he was booked under section 307 (attempt to murder) in the acid attack on the man, whose relatives were working in his NGO. \"We want to know the nature of his involvement in the case,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.Mallick had appeared in a lower court seeking bail in connection with a firing incident in Mancheswar area. Miscreants had opened fire at a girl working in a BPO company on April 13, 2012.He was a suspect in the case as his driver, who was arrested in the incident, pointed finger towards him. Apprehending arrest, Mallick had moved the Orissa High Court seeking bail. The High Court recently heard his plea and asked him to get the bail from lower court. Soon after he was granted bail, police reached the court to arrest him in the acid attack case. Mallick applied for bail, but to no avail.\"My client has been falsely implicated in the case. He was not at all involved in the acid attack case,\" Mallick's lawyer Dharanidhar Nayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13499872", "title": "Duo hacked to death, murderers at large", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Two youths were brutally hacked to death in a vacant house in Hinglaj Bhawani ward located at the outskirt of the town. The gruesome murder came to light on Friday morning, when neighbours checked into the adjacent house to inquire about loud volume of television.Police is so far clueless about the motive and murderers. They suspect of rivalry among scrap stealing gangs could be the reason behind the killing. The gruesome murder however suggests involvement of more than one murderer in the case.The incident took place at Liyakat Ali's house, which is located in the outskirt of the town. The settlement is surrounded by shrubby jungle and has sparse neighbourhood. Ali family was out of town for some reason and the house was vacant since some days.The neighbours after hearing the loud volume of TV coming from Ali's house peeped inside to check and were shocked to find two bodies lying in pool of blood in the single room house. They immediately informed Ramnagar police station about the incident. PSO, Ramnagar, MD Sharnagat rushed to the spot with his team.The deceased have been identified as Ahmad Ali and Basraj Yadav. \"Having no valuables or expensive belongings, owner of the house not even bother to lock the door, but had simply bolted the door. Ahmad Ali was Liyakat Ali's nephew, he might have sneaked in,\" he said.\"We are investigating the movements and business of the deceased youths. So far motive is elusive, but we will soon trace the murders,\" he said.The wife of house owner Lyakat Ali was summoned to the scene, who identified one of deceased as Ahmad Ali. It took some time to confirm the identity of the other victim Basraj Yadav. People on the spot claimed that Ahmad Ali and Yadav were involved in scrap stealing. In absence of Liyakat Ali, they might have been using his house as temporary den, people suspected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13501114", "title": "Fuel subsidies perverse, says Jairam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Friday called fuel subsidies perverse and wanted them phased out, wading into the battle over the petrol price on the side of reformists as the Centre struggled to douse the anger over the hike.Ramesh said, \"In our country, if we combine diesel, kerosene and LPG, Rs 1,90,000 crore is the amount of subsidy, while the budget of the rural development-drinking water ministries is Rs 99,000 crore.\"The minister touched the sensitive issue of diesel subsidy, saying 23% of subsidized diesel went into SUVs and captive power generators. \"What kind of country is this? For development of rural areas, Rs 99,000 crore, and such heavy subsidy for SUVs,\" he said.Ramesh backed the government to bite the bullet on diesel subsidy even as the Rs 7.50 petrol price hike triggered outrage across the country. Congressmen are wary of revision of diesel price since it is used by farmers who are critical political and social constituency.He said the problem with fuel pricing would remain if petrol prices were hiked without touching diesel. \"You are going to have a problem,\" he warned. Coming out in strong defence of fuel price hike, Ramesh said taxes had to be imposed on petrol to fund development work. \"Where does the tax go? Where does the money come for MGNREGA? Where does the money come for Prime Minister's Gramin Sadak Yojana? It comes from tax,\" he said.Ramesh advocated subsidies for poor households. \"There are many lower and middle income families which use LPG, but there are many rich, including myself, who get subsidy on LPG cylinders despite not needing it. There is a subsidy of Rs 503 on every LPG cylinder,\" he said.Ramesh conceded that kerosene will have to be underpriced. \"There will always be some element of subsidy in kerosene. There is a plan to have a more rational approach to LPG where average family uses about eight cylinders a year... four cylinders come at market price, four cylinders will be subsidized. That is a very rational solution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499957", "title": "Central Railway man gets gold medal for tracking coaches", "text": "MUMBAI: An employee's out-of-the-box plan has ensured that Central Railway (CR) has maximum coaches at its disposal to run special services. The scheme, which was the brainchild of train inspector Sunil Joshi helped the railway administration earn Rs 54 crore between April 2011 and December 2011. Last month, Union railway minister Mukul Roy gave Joshi a gold medal. He has already received a silver medal in 1999-2000 and 2008-09. Joshi compiled a list of coaches, their travel plan and maintenance schedules. \"We were able to run special services by ensuring availability of a maximum number of coaches,\" he said.\"I didn't want them to be idle, either a coach was undergoing maintenance checks or in service. In this way, we were able to earn maximum revenue,\" Joshi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13500160", "title": "Couple accuses hospital staff of exchanging baby", "text": "JAIPUR: A woman, who gave birth to a child in a government hospital here, has accused the hospital staff of allegedly exchanging the newborn, family sources said on Friday.The woman, Alisha, claimed that the Kanwatia Hospital authorities exchanged the baby boy delivered by her with that of a female child last night.The hospital authorities have, however, denied the charge. \"My wife gave birth to a boy but after 15 minutes of delivery, a hospital staff gave her a girl. We do not know if it was a deliberate act or a mistake, but we want our boy,\" Irshad, husband of the woman, told reporters here.\"We suspect that the girl is two-three days old and we want a fair investigation,\" he said.Meanwhile, Hariom Sharma, in-charge of the hospital located in Shastri Nagar, said the allegation was completely baseless.\"The woman gave birth to a girl, and not boy and there is no negligence on part of the hospital staff. No other delivery took place when Alisha gave birth to the girl as it was the only case of delivery last night,\" he said.Earlier, on April 2, a baby girl remained abandoned in a Jodhpur hospital as two couples fought over the boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13506917", "title": "They overcome learning disability with ease", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Where there is a will, there is way and Abbhay Singh Randhawa and Tamanbir have proved it right by scoring good grades in CBSE Class-X board exams. Despite suffering from dyslexia, the two students of The Millennium School in Mohali, never let their problem be a hindrance in success.Abbhay, who passed in all subjects and scored 5.6 CGPA, was surprised with his grades. His mother Amandeep Kaur Randhawa said, \"He used to study only at school and never took extra coaching. His sheer determination and hard work have resulted in the score.\" An agriculturist's son, Abbhay has not yet decided what he wants to do in future, however, his interest lies in electronics. Abbhay said, \"I want to make my parents proud and study further.\"Tamanvir Singh, who has been suffering with the same problem also performed well and got 7.4 CGPA. His mother Navjot Kaur said, \"I taught him at home and his best scoring subject, computers, was taught by his sister. He lives his life as any other normal boy and loves to play games at school.\"Tamanvir wants to do a vocational course in marketing and pursue the subject further. Tamanvir said, \"I am happy with my result. I want to do BBA and MBA in marketing after vocational training.\"Another Class X student, Avtansh Behal from Saupin's School in Chandigarh, who is suffering from cerebral palsy , made the city proud by scoring CGPA 10 and A1 grade in all five subjects.Govt schools record 99% successStudents of government school have proved their mettle in CBSE class X examinations. As many as 44 students, including 26 girls, scored perfect 10. A total number of 10,675 students appeared in the board examination and 10,553 successfully cleared it. This year, 46 out of 79 government schools attained 100% pass percentage, whereas the total percentage of successful students in various government schools is 98.86.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501776", "title": "Government may set up panel to push urban projects", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra government was mulling constituting a regulatory commission to ensure completion of big projects in cities on time. The state industries minister Narayan Rane on Monday had convened a meeting of mayors and municipal commissioners of Mumbai, Nagpur, Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Thane, Aurangabad, Nashik and Amravati at Mumbai.Nagpur Mayor Anil Sole confirmed he had attended the meeting but refused to divulge further details stating it was in preliminary stage. Sources said the commission would be on the lines of Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC). \"Rane informed in the meet that it would monitor issues pertaining to developmental projects in major cities and towns across the state,\" added the source.In fact, if formed, the commission would help in completing many projects like construction of Ram Jhula bridge that have been delayed for various reasons, added the source. The minister also invited suggestions from public representatives in the meet.Sole raised queries on what kind of issues the commission would entertain, who can approach it and whether the state government will have any power to intervene. Later, Rane clarified that the commission's main objective would be to clear hurdles in central and state government funded projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13498353", "title": "CBSE class 12 results on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBSE will declare Class XII results on Monday at 11am. Students can access their results on , and by entering their roll numbers. The results will also be available through interactive voice response system at 011-24357276 and 011-28127030. Nearly 8.15 lakh students had registered for Class XII exams this year, of which 2.28 lakh were in Delhi.Though Class X results were declared in the Chennai region first and in other parts on May 24, Class XII results for all regions will be declared together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13507165", "title": "After petrol, garments to pinch pockets", "text": "LUDHIANA: After effects of petrol price hike have begun to trickle in. Rising prices of petrol will result in escalating costs of garments as well. The hosiery owners of the city warn of an increase in the garment prices by up to 40 per cent.\"Unlike mixed fibre that is used overseas, we use manmade fibres and petroleum is used to make them. The unprecedented increase in the petrol prices is going to make the yarn costlier by almost 25 per cent,\" said Vinod Thapar, chairman of the Ludhiana Knitwear Club (LKC). He further stated that increase in transportation cost and hike in value additions is going to make readymade garments costlier by almost 40%.LKC finance secretary Harish Kairpal said the industry was already facing crisis and rise in prices has added fuel to fire. \"Hosiery industry is a labour-intensive industry and is already reeling under crisis. Rise in petroleum prices will only add to our woes,\" he added.Kuntal Raj Jain, director, Duke Fashions, stated that it was an unjustified hike. \"Increase in the cost of yarns is finally going to have an impact on the price of the garments and this in turn will have an impact on the pocket of the buyer.\"Sandeep Jain, executive director of Oswal Woollen Mills, echoed the same views. He said his company would try its best to adopt cost-effective methods so that the customer is least affected by this situation, \"The industry is already in a bad phase. It has no other option but to cut costs,\" added Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501730", "title": "Petrol protest to take Mamata Banerjee back to the streets", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee will lead a 4km march from Jadavpur to Hazra on Saturday to protest against the petrol price hike, making Kolkata look different from all other metros. Because here is a city where the chief minister often usurps the opposition's role despite being an ally of the UPA-II government.This is the second time in three months that Mamata is taking to the streets. On March 3, she had walked from Gangulybagan to Jadavpur after a policeman was suspended for allegedly being part of a mob that ransacked a CPM office and beat up journalists.If the CM leads another street protest, she will prove yet again that she has not been able to break out of her mould as opposition leader.The Left will kick off its four-day protest show the same day, packed with rallies and street-corner meetings, culminating in a statewide \"protest day\" on May 31. Left Front chairman Biman Bose on Friday raised a question that he hadn't when the Left was in power. He asked the CM to take a cue from Kerala and Uttarakhand and waive the 1 cess the state charges on petrol and diesel in addition to the sales tax. Former finance minister Asim Dasgupta had introduced this cess and Mamata had repeatedly asked for its withdrawal when she was in the opposition.\"What she said as an opposition leader and what she does as the chief minister are different. She should waive the cess,\" Bose said.Dasgupta had once slashed the tax on fuel temporarily at the instructions of then chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.Taking a dig at the Trinamool protest rally held on Thursday, the Left Front chairman said: \"If they are really so concerned about the people's plight, they should waive the state tax component and give people real relief. In the last two years, petrol prices have increased by Rs 25. And this hike has been announced at a time when international crude oil prices are falling.\"The Left Front meeting held an emergency meeting at CPM's Alimuddin Street headquarters and decided to step up its state-wide agitation against the price hike. \"On May 23, four Left parties had given a call for protest should the government increase petrol prices. The next day, after the hike was announced, we said by 1pm that May 31 would be marked as a nation-wide protest day. Around 4pm, perhaps, the NDA gave their bandh call. We neither support it, nor oppose it,\" Bose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13510250", "title": "Manyata is Sanjay Dutt\u2019s new boss", "text": "While Dharam Oberoi is receiving brickbats from both Ram Gopal Varma and Sanjay Dutt's friends in the wake of Department's poor showing at the box office, the latest twist to the tale is that Dutt's wife Manyata will be replacing Oberoi as the new CEO of Sanjay Dutt Productions, even as Oberoi continues to be the manager and handle the company's business affairs.TOI has learnt that Oberoi has stepped down from his post of CEO and Manyata has started work on future films, moreso with Dutt busy shooting for Sher in Rajasthan. A source close to the company said, \"Manyata Dutt has taken over and will now be the official CEO of the company. Dharam Oberoi has stepped down from his post of a CEO.\"The source explained, \"Oberoi also wants to make more films and has flagged his own production house so that his creative energies can be diverted there. Also Manyata will have more time on her hands as the kids will start going to school. The first film that Dharam handled as CEO, Rascals , flopped miserably. The recent controversy too has taken its toll on the relationship between Dutt and Oberoi.\"While Oberoi will continue as manager and handle the production house's business affairs, matters pertaining to production and films produced under the banner will be decided by Manyata, the source said.\"Manyata is meeting some directors and will be announcing a film very soon,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13503976", "title": "Ten nilgai killed by poisoning", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Over the past week the forest department has found 17 dead nilgai from various parts of Amreli. On Thursday evening, officials recovered 10 dead nilgai from Visavadar area. These animals were poisoned with urea.The nilgai, scientifically known as Boselaphus Tragocamelus, had been poisoned because they were damaging crops, officials said.However, this new trend of poisoning the animal through drinking water has raised concern among the forest department officials over the safety of lions.A senior officer said that the practice could be dangerous because the same water was consumed by lions. The official said that Amreli has 108 lions which is a huge number and all the big cats are spread in almost all parts of the district. He said that one has to take some measures or else soon post-mortem would reveal that the lions too were dying of poisoning.The 17 nilgai which were found on Thursday appeared to be have died some four days.Official said when there is no crops in the fields farmers do not poison these animals but as the monsoon season approaches, the farmers make an attempt to remove nilgai from the fields.Earlier this week, seven nilgai were poisoned with fertilizers added to water. The official said that farmers get away by saying that the fertilizer was washed away from the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13500454", "title": "Senior official suspended after child labourers rescued from plant", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after several child labourers were rescued from the government-run Jaipur Dairy plant, a senior official has been suspended and the agreement with the contractor who brought them to the plant cancelled.The administration on Friday suspended K C Kabra, deputy manager (plant) and issued showcause notice to AK Gupta, working manager (plant). A two-member committee has also been constituted to probe into the case.\"Jaipur Dairy has been asked to submit a detailed report on the incident at the earliest. So far, we have taken action against the deputy manager as the children were working in his plant. Also, the agreement of the contractor now stands cancelled. Those found guilty in the report will be punished,\" said O P Meena, additional chief secretary, dairy development department and managing director, RCDF.At least seven children were rescued from the plant near JLN Marg in a raid conducted by the police and representatives of an NGO.The children were working in two shifts of 12 hours each everyday. They had been employed to do risky tasks like changing equipment in heavy machines used in packaging the milk and transporting them.Working under inhuman conditions, the children were not provided with food until the shift ended, and were paid a measly Rs 80-100 per day.MD, Jaipur Dairy, H K Vashist instructed the department heads to take extra care in ensuring that such cases are not repeated and directed officials to submit a daily report on the day-to-day working of the dairy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499751", "title": "Milk, shoe plans for civic schools get nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s statutory standing committee on Friday passed two major proposals for civic schools-a Rs 120-crore tender for flavoured milk and a Rs 17-crore plan to procure shoes for students. Corporators, however, criticized the civic administration for \"delaying\" the proposals.The proposal on flavoured milk was rejected by the panel a week ago. The civic administration is also considering the addition of biscuits and chikki to the list of food items provided to BMC schools.Taking a swipe, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena corporator Sandeep Deshpande said: \"I wonder what 'magic' has happened in the past ten days. Corporators who opposed the proposal (on flavoured milk) are now in favour of it.\"The contract to provide school shoes was given to Shree Krishna Khandsari Sugar Mills, distributors of a shoe brand. Manisha Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner, said: \"The sugar mill is also a distributor of the shoe company.\"Corporators said they were left with no option but to pass the proposals as they did not want students to suffer. Deshpande said: \"The contract to provide shoes was delayed by over two months as the civic administration sat on the proposal.\"Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale defended the decision, saying: \"It is an open tendering process and the contract has been given to the lowest bidder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13522858", "title": "Bol Bachchan", "text": "CreditsDirector: Rohit Shetty Cast: Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan, Asin, Prachi Desai , Krushna Abhishek, Neeraj Vora, Asrani, Archana Puran Singh Presenter: Fox Star Studios Producer: Ajay Devgn Ffilms, Shree Ashtavinayak LFS Infra Ltd. DOP: Dudley Music: Himesh Reshammiya, Ajay-Atul Lyrics: Swanand Kirkire, Shabbir Ahmed and Farhad - Sajid Screenplay: Yunus Sajawal Dialogue: Farhad - Sajid Action: Jai Singh Nijjar Editor: Steven H. Bernard Publicity Design: Rahul NandaSynopsisAfter establishing his brand as the director of the Golmaal series, Rohit Shetty is now allegedly remaking Hrishikesh Mukherji's classic comedy film Gol Maal , an all-time entertainer. Ajay Devgn and Abhishek Bachchan are supposedly reprising roles of Utpal Dutt and Amol Palekar from the cult film.While the makers have bought the official rights of Gol Maal , they still claim that the film is merely inspired and not a remake. The screenplay has been completely redone and the rights have been bought just so that there isn't any copyright issue at the last moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13507736", "title": "Railway, wildlife department to join hands for jumbo protection", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Wildlife and railway officials met here on Friday to address the problem of elephant deaths in train accidents in the state. The latest incident took place last week when an adult elephant died in a train accident at Sabulia near Rambha in Ganjam district.Mutual cooperation is the only way to bring down the number of such accidents, officials present at the meeting said. Wildlife officials henceforth would inform a railway nodal official in Khurda Road division about camping of elephant herds near railway tracks, and he would, in turn, alert drivers in those routes, it was decided. The chief conservator of forest (wildlife), regional conservator of forests, divisional forest officers, Berhampur and Chilika wildlife division, attended the meeting.Trains will move slowly through the accident-prone areas and will blow horns repeatedly to drive away jumbos from the tracks. \"We think the effort will minimize elephant deaths due to the train accidents,\" principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) J D Sharma said.Even though, last week's mishap was the first one this year, wildlife organizations and the forest department are keen checking such accidents.DFO (Berhampur) S S Mishra said although such state-level meetings between wildlife and railway officials were held earlier, the recent meeting stressed on the practical implementation of the preventive measures, such as passing on information through telephone and so on. The meeting was also significant as a herd of around 20 elephants was roaming in Rambha-Ganjam areas in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13505804", "title": "Power lines will no more be roadblocks", "text": "COIMBATORE: High-voltage power lines in the city's busy shopping hub on Hundred Feet Road and Chinnasamy Road will go underground soon as part of a joint initiative of the highways department and the Tamil Nadu State Electricity Board (TNEB). A long-pending threat to the birds of the city, these power lines also cause severe traffic snarls as the towers on the median occupy a huge amount of space in the middle of the road.Hundred Feet Road, which links the ever-busy Sathyamangalam Road and Mettuppalayam Road, has become very narrow and is often congested, mainly during peak hours. It is the same on Chinnasamy Road, an extension of Hundred Feet Road.According to highly-placed sources in the highways department, efforts to move the power lines underground was initiated considering the complexities they will cause once the multi-level over-bridge comes up in Gandhipuram to regulate traffic on Sathyamangalam Road, Cross Cut Road, Hundred Feet Road, Ukkadam Road and Sidhapudur Road.Safety, on the elevated over-bridge with at least three tier flow of traffic, will be compromised if the high-voltage lines remain in close vicinity, they feel.To ease some of the financial burden, the highways department has decided to give Rs 30 crore, the total cost for moving the lines underground, to the TNEB very soon. On receiving the amount, the TNEB will set up a 110 KV sub-station at Avarampalayam to manage the underground cables, apart from laying pipelines to carry the power lines.According to highway authorities, they will undertake a complete renovation of Hundred Feet Road and Chinnasamy Road soon after the cables are laid underground. Both roads, which remain the lifeline for the Gandhipuram shopping area, will not have as many traffic problems and there will be ample parking space for shoppers. Birds in the city were also facing a threat from the high-voltage power lines. A large number of birds have been electrocuted after coming in contact with live wires.Sources in the electricity board have confirmed the deal. \"It is a welcome initiative and needs to be implemented urgently. It is a big nuisance for motorists on the two roads because of the power lines. Once they go underground, traffic congestion in the city will be reduced,'' says K Kathirmathiyon of Coimbatore Consumer Cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501659", "title": "Maneka intervenes to save langur but too late for the animal", "text": "NAGPUR: The state forest department may go all out to rescue and treat injured tigers but it is much less keen when it comes to lesser fauna like monkeys. So much so that environmentalist and animal rights activist Maneka Gandhi had to call up state's principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SWH Naqvi to save a rescued langur. The animal later died to due to negligence.While tigers are listed under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, monkeys (common langurs) are listed under Schedule II and hence are property of the forest department. On Thursday evening, a full-grown female langur had suffered injuries to its left palm due to electric current after it touched a live wire while jumping on a mango tree in Somalwada area.Eyewitness and animal lover Anup Thakur said the shock was so severe that the langur, along with its baby tied to her, fell down and could not move. Other langurs in the troop picked up the baby monkey but the mother could not move due to injuries.\"I saw the small baby trying to pull its mother but it couldn't. Even as other monkeys climbed up the tree with the baby, I called up People for Animals (PFA) activist Karishma Galani,\" Thakur said. Thakur knew Galani as he had called her up earlier to rescue a stray dog.Galani reached the spot with an animal rescue van of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and took the injured monkey to veterinarian Dr Rajendra Mahajan in Dhantoli, who treated the animal.On Friday morning, Galani took the monkey to veterinary polyclinic near Alankar talkies where Dr M S Dhakate treated it. As the monkey was in shock, strong treatment could not be given.At 1pm, Galani brought the langur to Deer Park at Seminary Hills where other monkeys rescued by her are kept. She talked to range forest officer (RFO) Deepak Nandanwar but he was rude. Galani alleged that Nandanwar was reluctant to accept the monkey unless he received a call from deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) P K Mahajan.\"Nandanwar told me that he did not want to make Seminary Hills a zoo,\" Galani told TOI. She later called up all the senior forest officials including principal secretary (forests) but did not get response as all said they were busy in meetings.Frustrated, Galani took up the matter with Maneka Gandhi. The BJP leader and MP from Pilibhit in Uttar Pradesh called up Naqvi and within minutes forest guard Kishore Kadwe reached the Deer Park to accept the monkey.\"It was 4pm when Kadwe arrived. The monkey was stranded in blistering heat for nearly three hours,\" said Galani. Maneka later confirmed to TOI that she had called up Naqvi. \"It's unfortunate. The forest department should have accepted the injured animal right away,\" she said.Naqvi said he instructed the staff to accept the animals after Maneka's call. \"I have warned the RFO concerned for his improper approach. We will release the rescued monkeys at Seminary Hills during monsoon,\" Naqvi said.However, when wildlife vet Dr Bahar Bawiskar went to treat the monkey in the evening, it had died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13503385", "title": "Transferable development rights claimed for road, reveals vigilance report", "text": "BANGALORE: Another scam involving transferable development rights (TDRs) has come to light. An investigation by the technical vigilance committee under the commissioner (TVCC) of the BBMP revealed that owners of properties abutting a road that was to be widened have overstated the extent of property loss by including a part of the road while claiming TDR.The irregularities pertained to the widening of the Kottanur Main Road in Bommanahalli zone. On Friday, N Devaraj, chief engineer, TVCC, submitted to the commissioner his report on the irregularities.The TVCC took up the probe after it sniffed a scam. \"There are at least 12 cases of misappropriation in 31 properties probed,\" the report said. \"The property owners have claimed compensation for the existing road as well,\" Devaraj confirmed.Modus operandiDevaraj said: \"If the width of the road is 12 metres, they write in the application that the is 7 metres and claim TDR for 5 metres of the road abutting the property. I have mentioned this in my report.\"The 12 property owners allegedly sought TDR certificates for an excess land to the extent of 30,000 sqft. He also said several property owners hadn't disclosed the guidance value of their property. The guidance value is the basis for calculating TDRs.A property owner called Beerappa in Bileshivale village has portions of eight properties to be acquired for road widening, Devaraj said. \"He sold four properties but repurchased them and sought TDRs for all the eight. The documents are not clear and verification has to be done,\" he said. The BBMP must verify every document and must survey the property while issuing TDR certificates, the report recommended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521301", "title": "Jalpari", "text": "CreditsDirector: Nila Madhab Panda Cast: Lehar Khan, Krishang Trivedi, Harsh Mayar, Parvin Dabas, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Rahul Singh, Suhasini Mulay, V M Badola Producer: Sushilkumar Agrawal Banner: Ultra Distributors Pvt Ltd Release Date: July 20, 2012SynopsisAfter the international success of \"I Am Kalam\", which won over 20 international awards and one national award and went to over 55 film festivals across the globe, Nila Madhab Panda's new feature film \"Jalpari - The Desert Mermaid\", started its international journey with a screening at the Marche Du Cannes (Film Market) of the ongoing Cannes Film Festival.The story of Jalpari is largely based on the issue of female foeticide, but it has been treated as an adventure thriller and journey film. The film will see the debut of Delhi kids Lehar Khan and Krishang Trivedi in the role of the protagonists, while Harsh Mayar, who won the National Award for the best child actor for his performance in \"I Am Kalam\", essays an important character too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13499008", "title": "Parties intensify bypoll campaigning at Tirupati", "text": "TIRUPATI: Never has the Tirupati assembly constituency witnessed such a high-pitched political battle with the leaders from the ruling Congress, YSR Congress and TDP slugging it out in the scorching heat to come up trumps in the June 12 bypolls. While the Congress is leaving no stone unturned to get its warring leaders into the campaigning mode, TDP is giving the much-needed thrust by forming booth committees to woo the electorate. The YSR Congress is getting aggressive with its door-to-door canvassing despite being pushed back by CBI questioning of its leader Jaganmohan Reddy.With chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy taking the Tirupati election as a prestige issue, his younger brother Kishore Kumar Reddy and Tirupati MP Chinta Mohan are closely monitoring the campaign. TDP leader Kandati Shankar Reddy, who joined the Congress at the insistence of CM'S brother, along with senior leader Peddireddy Ramachandra Reddy is also campaigning.Liquor baron and former TTD chairman D K Adikeshavulu Naidu, who has a lot at stake in Chittoor politics, is actively involved in working out campaign strategies and trying to woo his community (Balija) votes. Mines minister Galla Aruna, who earlier stayed away miffed over the denial of ticket to her son Jay Galla, is now campaigning for party candidate M Venkata Ramana. \"The CM is directly talking to these leaders and requesting them to work for Ramana's victory,\" party insiders said.While the Congress is gung-ho on its prospects, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu is also sparing no efforts to wrest the coveted seat. He conducted three road shows on the theme of 'dharma versus adharma'. He urged the electorate to give a chance to Chadalavada Krishna Murthy and defeat YSR Congress nominee Bhumana Karunakar Reddy and Ramana. Gali Muddukrishnma Naidu and Bojjala Gopalakrishna Reddy are leading the party campaign.Karunakar Reddy, who seized the initiative by highlighting local issues like water crisis and neglect of the constituency by Chiranjeevi, however, is now on the defensive with the Congress and TDP targeting Jagan's deep-rooted corruption deals. Actress Roja and party spokesperson Ambati Rambabu are taking up door-to-door campaigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521623", "title": "Madagascar-3: Europe\u2019s Most Wanted", "text": "CreditsBanner: Paramount Pictures, Viacom 18 Motion Pictures Voice Cast: Ben Stiller , Chris Rock , Jada Pinkett Smith , David Schwimmer , Sacha Baron Cohen Indian Release Date: June 8, 2012SynopsisAfter the worldwide success of \" Madagascar \" and \" Madagascar-Escape to Africa \" Paramount Pictures and Viacom 18 Motion Pictures are all set to treat their movie audiences with the third installment of the billion-dollar franchise, \" Madagascar-3: Europe's Most Wanted \"!!Featuring the famous and much loved characters Alex the lion (Ben Stiller), Marty the Zebra (Chris Rock), Gloria the Hippo (Jada Pinkett Smith) and Melman the giraffe (David Schwimmer) and King Julian (Sacha Baron Cohen ), Madagascar 3 will release in India on 8th June and recently premiered at the Cannes Film Festival.Leaving Africa behind, the animals have taken a detour and surfaced, quite literally, in Europe - on a hunt for the penguins and chimps who have managed to break the bank of a Monte Carlo casino. Their journey took the Zoosters from New York , to the eponymous island of Madagascar , then to the wilds of Africa. In the latest installment, the adventure unfolds all across Europe, which naturally calls for a grander scale visually and in storytelling!!!Keenly anticipated by the animation lovers, this film promises never-seen-before humor and a fun ride all the way in 3D. The filmmakers had decided to take the characters to new places - literally and figuratively which they have continued with Madagascar-3 &amp; what's more for the first time, a \" Madagascar \" chapter is filmed in 3D.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13505704", "title": "India holds key to future of global orphan Kairi", "text": "WASHINGTON: India holds the key to the deportation of Kairi Abha Shepherd, who is facing the prospect of forcibly being sent back to her country of birth, where she was adopted by an American woman 30 years ago.Indian-American orphan Shepherd, who has said that deportation would be like \"death sentence\" to her, under US laws can't be sent back to India unless the Indian government provides necessary travel documents for her.\"Before carrying out a deportation, ICE (US immigration and customs enforcement ) must first obtain a travel document to ensure the receiving country will admit the alien who is being returned,\" ICE spokesperson Lori K Haley said .Shepherd said, \"I especially want to thank the kind souls in India who are working tirelessly on my behalf and, in particular, the men and women in the ministry of external affairs who reportedly may deny the issuance of travel documents , thus preventing my forced departure from America. Their hearts must be filled with compassion and I truly appreciate their efforts as these efforts, quite literally, may save my life,\" Shepherd said.Federal government argues that Shepherd missed qualifying for the Child Citizenship Act by a few months and that now she is too old to qualify for citizenship under this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13502249", "title": "Elusive pre-monsoon showers aggravate heat spell in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The local weather phenomena of pre-monsoon is missing this year as a result of which the average temperature in different districts of the state is well above normal for more than past 10 days.While Ranchi recorded 41.7 degrees on Wednesday, it slightly came down to 40.6 degrees on Thursday. However, the temperature is likely to escalate even more on Friday and the days following thereafter. Jamshedpur recorded an inhospitable 44.7 degrees temperature which was six degrees above normal. Places like Chatra, Daltongunj, Garhwa and parts of Hazaribag recorded somewhere between 42 and 45 degrees in the past one week.Agromet advisor at Birsa Agriculture University A Wadood finds the condition unusual and inhospitable. \"As per local weather phenomena every heat spell is followed by thundering and rain showers in Jharkhand but this time despite presence of all features supporting rain conditions there have been no rain in the past ten days,\" he said. Asked if there were any particular reason leading to this situation, Wadood said global climate change could be one of the reasons which predicted climatic extremes.While common life has been affected in the rural areas where people are resorting to traditional ways to fight the heat, life in cities has been hit even badly where pollution has added to the summer scorch. Covered faces, sunglasses, special jackets to keep heat radiation at bay are being used by most of the people coming out on streets.The rush on streets during afternoon hours is missing and public transport vehicles could be seen carrying water drums on roof to cool their engines.Street dogs and animals on the streets are having bad time because of lack of flowing water in the drains and other water bodies.Experts believe that because of good monsoon previous year the ground water level has not dropped drastically. Shiva Raju, the owner of deep bore well machine, said this year they had got lesser contracts for boring and most of them were successful. \"Though there is scarcity of surface water but underground water table has not receded further,\" he said.Wadood explained that it was because of good amount of rain previous year that the atmosphere still has good deal of moisture despite week long heat spell. \"A system is observed across the eastern India coastline near the Bay of Bengal which may cause rainfall given the wind direction and other factors remain congenial over the next 96 hours,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13503487", "title": "Heat wave paralyzes life in Hazaribag", "text": "Hazaribag: Life in Hazaribag town and its surrounding areas continues to remain paralyzed following severe heat wave prevailing in the district.Although Hazaribag recorded three Nor'westers between May 9 and 11 with good rainfall people did not get any relief as the temperature is varying between 40 to 43 degrees Celsius for the past one week which has forced people to remain indoors. On Friday, Hazaribag recorded 43.2 degrees Celsius temperature - the hottest day of the season so far and also the hottest day in the past 10 years during this time of the year.According to the environmentalists, the reason for sudden change of the climate and prolonged heat spell was because of felling of more than 20,000 trees and also felling of trees in the reserve forest in the name of widening NH-33 (Patna-Ranchi Road) and NH-100 (Hazaribag-Bagodar road).Although so many trees were felled during the past 12 months because of which Hazaribag lost its traditional greenery, no steps were taken by the road construction department to replenish it by planting new trees.However keeping this in mind, the deputy commissioner after holding meeting of the divisional forest officers (DFO) of various divisions directed the forest authorities to plant 2,000 fruit bearing trees alone in Hazaribag town and its surrounding areas for maintaining the ecological balance and keep the town free from pollution.The DC said they had decided to plant such trees near Hazaribag Lake, cafetaria and the Circuit House. He has also directed to plant trees on the collectorate campus and the block headquarters.He also said if any individual was interested in planting fruit bearing trees, they would be provided such plants free of cost. However they should ensure the survival of such plants by taking proper care.The main problem faced by the people of the entire district was the acute power scarcity because of severe load-shedding and erratic supply low voltage by the DVC and the JSEB. However the only relief was sufficient supply of drinking water by the PHED and the emergency water supply schemes taken in the district during the past three years due to severe drought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13504749", "title": "City autodrivers accused of overcharging", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans feel that they are being fleeced by the autorickshaw drivers by overcharging them even as installing fare metres on the autos and charging fare as per the metre rate is mandatory. Most of the passengers with whom the TOI spoke to said that the auto drivers outright refuse to ply with the fare metre on and charge a hefty amount as fare.\"We are being overcharged, especially those who are new to the city are at the receiving end,\" says Radha Sharma, a professional adding that the auto drivers never go by the fare metre in the city. Every time, they make excuses that the metres are not functioning.Prafull Josh, a traffic expert says, \"Auto drivers in Indore are setting their terms and don't use metres. Due to the lack of an effective administrative control on the erring drivers, they feel free to drive on their own terms. There are no proper broad-gauge booth in the city and it creates problem for the passengers, who are new to the city.\"Anurag Pandery, a student says, \"People in the city are also irresponsible and don't ask to go by metres. If they refuse to travel without metres, it will end the trend. People prefer to set the fare through bargaining instead of going by metres considering it as expensive.\"Rashmi Naswa, a bank employee, says,\" Auto drivers often try to fool the people, who are new to the city and inflate the fares. People who know the rates and who are regularly travelling in autos cannot be fooled but going by meters should be strictly followed as commuters' need is slowly increasing the auto drivers' greed.\"Anushree Mitra, another bank employee, says, \"Auto drivers in Indore often fix the rates at their will and the passengers are forced to travel without meters as they have no other option. For the same distance, one can see that two drivers quote different fares.\"Rajeev Thada, a student, says,\" People think petrol prices are increasing and they hire autos, which are run on CNG but they don't go by meters and even if they go the meters are not running and they are over charging and if you say you will complaint against them they will be ready to go on rates you say.\"Shyam Raghuvanshi, an auto driver says, \"The commuters don't go by metre in Indore as they feel the fare metre rates are higher and they enter into a bargaining to set fare before hiring. Many autos are yet to be installed with new meters which have revised rates and thus we also don't go by meters.\"Sunil Thakur, another auto driver says,\" People don't usually ask to go by metre and they fix the fares in advance and thus we don't go by metres. They feel the metre charges are higher.\"Pradeep Singh Chauhan, DSP-traffic, says,\" We do inspect the fare metre of the autos during checking and impose fine if the metres are not functioning. Again, the erring auto drivers are penalized if caught without metres.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13506422", "title": "Acidic soil stunts Kerala's growth, reveals study", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The latest study released by the state planning board shows that 88% of the soil is acidic in nature and it is deficient in many micro-nutrients essential for a good yield.The soil samples taken from 14 districts in Kerala showed that there was a very high deficiency of magnesium, boron and calcium: around 80% soil samples had magnesium deficiency, 70% had boron deficiency and 50% had calcium deficiency. The study was undertaken after 1.10 lakh soil samples were tested by various agricultural research agencies in Kerala and other parts of the country.TOI had last week reported the preliminary results of the soil samples that were tested in southern and northern districts or Kerala which showed a high percentage of phosphorus content due indiscriminate usage of phosphate fertilizers. \"Around 62% of the soil samples tested showed very high phosphorus high content,'' said Dr P Rajasekharan, chief planning board, agriculture division. He said this is one major reason why Kerala's agriculture production has come down, while Tamil Nadu which has comparatively richer mineral manages to have better crop production. Senior agriculturists said micro-nutrients like boron acts as a major catalyst for chlorophyllating plants and this deficiency will lead to stunted growth.\"Nutrients like boron is not present in a majority of the soil samples because of incessant rains which washes away many minerals. We need to now make specific micro-nutrient management plan for each blocks and panchayats in the state to get optimum yields,'' Dr K M Nair, principal scientist, Bangalore Regional Center for Soil Bureau said.Kerala took the lead in testing micro-nutrients in soil, after the Centre passed a nutrition based subsidy policy, two years ago. As per the new policy, fertilizers like NPKS, that are being are provided to the farmers at a highly subsided rates will be now be rationalised based on the deficiency of nutrition in different types of soil.\"The fertilizer companies have been dumping huge stocks of subsidized fertilizers on the farmer, resulting in huge loss of exchequer as well as a decline in crop productivity,'' a planning board official said. The state agriculture ministry is now planning to issue soil health card to farmers next year which will have minute details of the nature of soil. \"The result of micro-nutrition study of soil will be effectively used by farmers and there will be customised distribution of fertilizers based on the nature of soil. This will save crores of rupees for the state exchequer and also increase crop productivity,'' K P Mohanan, state agriculture minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "13506009", "title": "\u2018Killed\u2019 woman found with brother-in-law", "text": "DARBHANGA: Geeta Kumari, daughter of Binod Prasad of Patna City area, was recovered from her brother-in-law's (sister's husband) house at Patna on Thursday.Prasad had lodged an FIR alleging that his daughter was killed by her husband Amar Sah, her father-in-law Biltu Sah and four others of the family in Shubhankarpur mohalla under Darbhanga town PS for non-payment of dowry on March 2 this year.The SHO said the police got an information that Geeta was living in Patna at the house of her sister and sister's husband.Police recovered her from there and presented before a Darbhanga court on Thursday.She was handed over to her parents. An FIR has been lodged against Prasad for filing a false case alleging that his daughter was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500502", "title": "Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers\u2019 Association announces final list of 47 candidates", "text": "NASHIK: The final list of the 47 candidates in the fray for the biennial elections to Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) was announced on Friday for the 24-member executive committee of the association. The sitting general secretary, Suresh Mali, and sitting Vice-president, Tushar Chavan, are contesting for the post of President.The term of AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale ends on May 31. Accordingly, the elections for the 24-member executive committee, which includes the posts of president, vice-president, honorary general secretary, two honorary joint secretaries, a honorary treasurer and 18 members, is to be conducted between 9am and 5pm on May 29.Of 86 valid candidates, around 39 candidates had withdrawn their nominations on Thursday and the final list of the 50 candidates in the fray for the elections to the executive committee of AIMA was announced on Friday by the returning officer Nana Sonar.Kailas Varade and Vivek Patil are in the running for the post of vice-president, while Kailash Aher and Raju Ahire will be considered for the post of honorary general secretary. Balasaheb Gunjal, Dilip Pingle, Nikhil Panchal and Varun Talwar are in the fray for two posts of honorary secretaries. Sanjay Mahajan and Unmesh Kulkarni will contest the post of treasurer.Around 35 candidates are in the fray for 18 posts of the members of the eecutive committee. They are Babanrao Chaure, Bharat Yeola, Dilip Borawake, Dipak Darekar, Dipti Joshi, Himanshu Kanani, Indrapal Singh, Jaiprakash Yeole, Lalit Boob, Megharaj Pawar, N D Thakre, Nilima Patil, Pradeep Peshkar, Prakash Brahmankar, Pramod Wagh, Prasanna Jadhav, Pradnya Patil, Punit V. Gupta, R B Borse, Radhakrishna Naikwade, Rajendra Kothavade, Ramesh Patil, S.S. Bhogal, Sachin Kulkarni, Sardar Deore, Saumitra Kulkarni, Sidharth Patil, Sudhakar Deshmukh, Sunil D. Jadhav, Umesh Kothawade, Uttam Donde, Venkatesh Murthy, Vijay Joshi, Vinayak More and Yogesh BahalkarThe counting of votes will begin at 8am on May 30 and the winners will be announced at the annual general meeting on May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13503218", "title": "More job courses on offer", "text": "RANCHI: After the results of intermediate and Plus Two are announced by the end of this month, many students will opt for engineering or medical but those who want to do something different can always take admission in honours or vocational courses offered by many city colleges.There is already an anxiety among the students about the cut-off marks and seats available in the colleges and a prayer on every lip to get admission in the best colleges. Priyanka, who has appeared for intermediate exam, said, \"I have done my ICom from Women's College and want to continue in the same college at undergraduate level. I just hope that my marks are sufficient to meet the cut-off ones.\"The students have already started deciding on the colleges they will fill forms for as the admission procedure for the UG level will start in the first week of June. The most desired college of the city is St Xavier's College which has 30 seats each in honours courses of arts, science and commerce. St Xavier's College vice-principal Fr Peter Paul Ekka said, \"The cut off is not yet decided but usually we take direct admissions at 80% for science, 75% for commerce and 70% for arts.\"Ranchi Women's College offers 80 seats in BSc, 60 in commerce and 60 in arts. The college also offers many vocational courses like information technology, fashion designing and BBA and also has hostel facility for girls.Marwari College, which is popular among students who want to study commerce, is offering 90 seats for BCom. Principal Manju Sinha said, \"We have 90 seats for commerce and 30 each for science and arts in both girls' and boys' sections. We also offer many vocational courses.\"Priority will be given to students who scored above 60% in intermediate at Gossner College. The college offers 50 seats for BSc, 60 seats for BCom and 30 seats for BA. Nirmala College is the second favourite among girls after Women's College. The college does not have commerce stream but offers 45 seats each in science and arts and 60 seats in vocational courses like BCA and IT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "13502209", "title": "BIT staff face acute sanitary problems", "text": "SINDRI: The central and the state governments have launched several drives to build low-cost toilets in the rural areas. Still, the fourth grade employees of BIT Sindri, the only government engineering college of Jharkhand, are reportedly deprived of the basic sanitary facilities in their houses.Bizarre it may sound but the sweepers, night guards and peons are being denied this very basic amenity of a civil society.Bereft of the basic facilities like availability of potable water and clean toilet facilities, the grade IV employees of this premier engineering college are living in hellish conditions in the quarters allotted to them.\"We are not treated as human beings. Are we meant only to serve?\" asks Demanti, daughter in-law of a female sweeper, who informed that in absence of any toilets in their quarters, both male and female inmates of the colony are forced to go out in the open to do the needful.The young girls are the worst sufferers, she said adding that their troubles increased manifolds in the rainy season. The unavailability of running tap water in the houses only added to their woes, she bemoaned.We are never treated like human beings, alleged Mangoli Manjhian and Kallu Ram adding that the BIT administration never took their plight seriously and never raised their issues before the concerned authorities.The colony still has just one water tap besides a non-functioning hand pump for 40 families.BIT director S K Singh and professor-in-charge (administration) RN Gupta admitted that the situation was grave and informed that the campus belonged to the state PWD department and the responsibility of the maintenance of the quarters and providing facilities to them lies with different government agencies.\"We have written a number of letters to the concerned authorities but the situation never changed. We have stopped making fresh allotments in the colony. We had no alternative arrangements to shift the employees already living there,\" they informed, adding that Dhanbad DC Sunil Kumar Barnwal, during his last visit to the institute, had assured to direct the concerned department for taking up the matter on priority basis.The insiders however said the institute needed to develop a mechanism of solving such problems on its own and needed to generate its own resources for campus development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13500748", "title": "Jaya Prada all set to join Bharatiya Janata Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former actor and expelled Samajwadi MP from Rampur Jaya Prada is all set to join the BJP. Her overtures have elicited positive response from party leaders who feel her induction could add Rampur constituency to its diminishing tally in the next parliamentary polls.A senior BJP leader said Jaya had already met the party chief Nitin Gadkari last fortnight to get an approval. Gadkari apparently has no reservations and is open to her induction. \"She has worked hard in her constituency over the past eight years and said to enjoy considerable popularity. In fact in both the elections -- 2004 2009 -- she could influence not only a section of local leaders but also the core vote bank in Rampur by cleverly crafted strategies like much publicized visits to the temples and \"gaudaan\" (gifting away cows),\" he said, adding \"but, under the changed scenario after parting ways with the Samajwadi Party , the MP would need much more than this.\"Lok Manch, the party floated by her mentor Amar Singh has no presence in UP or in Rampur. Her list of adversaries is long, topped by now supremely powerful urban development minister Mohammad Azam Khan and the begum of Rampur Noor Bano. As joining BSP is ruled out for her given the animosity between Amar Singh and Mayawati , BJP is the only option to ensure her political survival. Rampur, post delimitation has sizable Hindu votes. Even during the 2009 elections, Jaya had pegged her campaign on being the lone Hindu candidate amidst Congress's Noor Bano, BSP's Afroz Ali Khan and BJP's Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi .Luckily for her, Naqvi, who won from Rampur in 1996, is in no mood to oppose her induction. His report card in 2009 was quite dismal as finished fourth, bagging only 60,000 votes. So an opening to Jaya will ensure him a graceful exit, said one of his supporters. Being a prominent Muslim face in the BJP, he has reached a national stature and the Rajya Sabha too. The upper house was a better option than facing the electorate in an election especially when the party was on the slippery turf anyway, he added.Meanwhile, a large section of BJP workers in Rampur are quite upbeat about the \"encouraging development\". Jaya owed a lot to local biggies like former BJP MLAs Sarvesh singh and Shiv Bahadur Saxena. Saxena even faced expulsion from the party for actively campaigning for the actor, and Jugesh Chandra Arora who was denied the party ticket in previous assembly polls for supporting her. Now, everything would become official, said one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13504238", "title": "Cops trained to trace missing children", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police are working on an online platform to trace the children and adults gone missing from Gujarat. In addition, a two-day training programme was conducted for the police personnel working with missing persons' cell and social security branch at Gandhinagar which concluded on Friday. These cops were trained specifically to tackle missing person and children issues in Gujarat.A CID (crime) official said that the training was conducted by National Informatics Center (NIC), New Delhi, where 60 personnel from various city and district police agencies participated. The policemen are child welfare officers deployed at police stations and other supervisory authorities.IGP, CID (crime), Anil Pratham told TOI that earlier West Bengal had achieved success with its online platform and inspired from the setup, the Union home ministry is preparing a national database.\"Such online system can only be effective if all police stations in India are connected. Fortunately, now we have the infrastructure and connectivity to launch the pilot project. The training imparted to the personnel followed UNICEF norms on missing children and persons,\" he said. He added that they are hopeful of launching the project in a couple of months.After a state-wide uproar on number of children that have gone missing and remain untraceable, the state police have taken up the issue on priority and have appointed child welfare officers at all police stations. The officials were asked to take the matter seriously and launch searches immediately after receiving complaints. Sate-wide search operations were also conducted where more than 30% missing children were found to have come back to their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "13503195", "title": "Munshi of civil contractor still traceless", "text": "GUMLA: A munshi of a civil contractor who was abducted by suspected criminals of Istiyaq alias Pradeep Paswan gang on Wednesday night is still traceless. Police have stepped up operation to get him freed. A joint team of Albert Ekka, Dumri and Chainpur police stations has been carrying out raids in the area, police said.It is suspected that the gang which is active on the Jharkhand-Chhattisgarh border abducted Durga Singh, a munshi of contractor Harihar Singh from Kittam, a border village under Albert Ekka police station on Wednesday night.According to a report, Singh, a resident of Chetar locality of Gumla town was kidnapped by two persons from the house of one Vijay Singh of Kittam where the former was staying to oversee a road construction project at near by Saktar village.The project has been awarded to Jagdhatri Construction of Gumla. Demand for levy is suspected to be reason behind the incident.Gumla SP Jatin Narwal and other senior officers rushed to Chainpur to take stock of the situation on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13506378", "title": "Mangalore varsity charts history, announces results in 12 days", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University has set a new record for itself. It announced the results of even semesters of six degree courses just 12 days after completing the examinations, which were held in 197 affiliated and constituent colleges.As many as 83,712 students had appeared for the examinations held for 19 streams from April 9 to May 10 and the results were out on May 22.The university on Tuesday last published the results of BA (HRD), BSW, BCA, BSc (garment design), BSc (Food Nutrition and Dietetics), and bachelor of audiology and speech language pathology on its website www.mangaloreuniversity.ac.in. While the results of LlB course were announced on May 23, the results of BBM course will be published at 9am on Saturday on its website. In all, 21,395 students appeared for the BBM examinations. PS Yadapadithaya, registrar (evaluation) told TOI that computerized result processing system had helped the university to set the new record. \"With the academic calendar finally on track, the university is now in a position to hold examinations as well as declare the results on time. Earlier the university had undergone a phase when results were declared as late as September,\" he said.With valuation of 28,004 papers of BCom courses completed on Thursday, Yadapadithaya said the university would strive to declare the results before May 31. \"It is my wish to do so by May 28,\" he said, adding that valuation and tabulation of the papers of BBM and BCom courses are a herculean task given that they involve the highest number of papers for each semester.Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy praising the alacrity with which the evaluation section of the university had been working to produce error-free results, told TOI that the results of all degree courses would be announced by June 5. \"It is for the first time in the history of Mangalore University that we have declared the results in May. This could also be first such achievement for any university in the state if not in India,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13503155", "title": "Treacherous Chaliyar is a terror for local people", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The tragedy in which five children of a family were drowned in the Chaliyar river on Thursday evening brings to light the serious threat posed by illegal sand mining to the life of those living on the banks of the river.Local people in the area allege that the tragedy at Modavanna Kadavu occurred due to the trenches formed in the river as a result of uncontrolled sand mining.Aju P Nair, a native of Modavanna, said mining of sand is common in the area during night. He said police raids are rare in the area surrounding Cheeni Kadavu, Modavanna Kadavu, Parakadavu, and Kalathum Kadavu.District geologist Nasar Ahammed K V said there is a strict rule that restricts sand mining in the area 25 metres away from the river bed. Even then, there is no strict system to prevent the practice.\"The respective panchayats should prevent such illegal activities in the river and they should make the local people aware of the far-reaching consequences of mining activities,\" said Nasar.Weekly raids are being conducted by the joint team of police and revenue officials at Nilambur, Areekode, Edavanna, and Vazhakad regions. However, the sand mining mafia is still active in these areas.Attacks on policemen by the sand mining mafia are also a regular incident in the region. In an incident in March, a gang of sand mafia attacked a team of revenue officials, headed by the deputy collector V K Sundaran, that went in search of vehicles involved in illegal sand transportation in Anakkayam near Manjeri. The revenue officials had seized a small truck, used for illegal sand transportation, from Anakkayam. The members of the unidentified group blocked the vehicles of revenue officials by unloading sand on the road, when the officials tried to seize the truck.In another incident in September, the civil police officer of Areekode police station, C Ammad, was seriously injured in an attack by a suspected group of sand mafia while carrying out a raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13504276", "title": "Advani, Sushma give Mumbai BJP rally a miss", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP rallies held after meetings of its national executive are intended to beam a unity message and rally the cadre. But such is the party's factional dynamics that the absence of senior leaders L K Advani and Sushma Swaraj at Friday's rally spurred talk of a deliberate snub.Swaraj and Advani skipping the show led to speculation that they had kept away due to their unhappiness over BJP chief Nitin Gadkari being given a second consecutive term and the party's capitulation to Gujarat CM Narendra Modi. BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad denied the duo was sulking and said they had conveyed their inability to attend. \"There is nothing to be read. They are busy with 8pre-8determined programmes,\" he said.Senior party sources also insisted that the absence of Advani and Swaraj was not a deliberate act and should not be read in the context of their alleged differences with Gadkari and Modi.Yet, the absence ensured that the meeting that began amid controversy with Modi forcing BJP and RSS to bend to his will, ended on a similar note. Asked if the presence of all top leaders would have served the party's purpose better, Prasad said there would be other occasions where the brass would be seen together on stage.With Gadkari making peace with Modi, the equations in BJP have altered a bit. Swaraj and Advani have been critical of some of Gadkari's decisions like one to induct former BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha , an accused in the UP rural health mission scam, into the BJP ahead of the state poll.Party leaders said Advani had gone to meet an ailing relative when the executive ratified the decision to give Gadkari a second term. However, Advani is party to a decision of the office-bearers to adopt a resolution to the same effect earlier in Delhi.\"Advani's schedule was fixed earlier so he won't be there and Swaraj has to attend a programme in Ghaziabad tomorrow morning,\" party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said.Former Maharashtra deputy CM Gopinath Munde , who has been at odds with Gadkari, said that he along with other leaders supported the resolution seeking to give a consecutive three-year term to the BJP president. Speaking on the political resolution, Swaraj underlined the need for greater coordination between the parliamentary wing and the organizational wing of the party for launching a decisive battle ahead.Congress mocks BJP, calls it a splintered partyThe Congress on Friday mocked the BJP as a \"splintered party\", taking cue from its rival's Mumbai conclave. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"The atmospherics and the substance of the executive sent out a message of a splintered BJP. It is a party with a president, a super-president and many hyper-presidents.\" The barb was aimed at Gadkari, Modi and BSY. \"The brass doesn't consider it worth their while to attend the closing rally,\" Tewari said, referring to Advani skipping the concluding rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13503636", "title": "Bokaro Steel Plant production back to normal", "text": "BOKARO: Production in the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) is coming back to normal.The four blast furnaces of the BSL were revived on Friday while the process to begin production in other mills of the plant is on by the engineers. The production had come to a grinding halt due to power failure for more than 12 hours on Thursday.The incident directly hit hot metal production in blast furnaces and indirectly affected other units including coke oven, steel melting shop which is linked with the production chain.BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said the plant had started getting adequate power supply from the Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) and the Bokaro Power Supply Company Limited (BPSCL) following which production was being streamlined. The DVC is supplying 140 MW while the BPSCL has revived its production supplying 120-130 MW.The power shortage had occurred in the BSL because of breakdown in electricity supply from the two power units at 2.50am on Thursday.All efforts are being made to normalize the plant for production at the earliest. However, it may take a couple of days to restore complete operations. \"The blast furnace has been brought successfully on stream. The loss on part of the SAIL with sudden breakdown is not yet assessed,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13517420", "title": "Minister in a cop\u2019s role", "text": "It was an action-packed first day of shoot that saw higher education minister Bratya Basu don a cop's uniform and take on Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, his subordinate, in \" Kanchenjungha Express\".Says a source, \"It was a scene where Sabyasachi comes to his senior officer after receiving an award. However, he is rebuked for not having been able to solve a case.\" Directed by Arnab Ghosh, the film promises to be a thriller with a twist. \"It's a woman-centric film that has two leading ladies. It will tell the story of a woman's journey through various stages of life,\" adds the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500456", "title": "Reservation for poor in realty projects stayed", "text": "NAGPUR: Apparently under pressure from realty lobby, state government has stayed its own decision to reserve 20% area of any layout or construction for economically weaker sections (EWS) and lower income group (LIG) persons. This decision was applicable to any layout or realty project having an area more than 2,000 sq m (roughly 20,000 sq feet) in municipal corporation areas. The stay will continue until a final decision is taken on the matter.The government had decided on the move late last year as realty prices went beyond the reach of lower middle class and even middle class in big cities. It had said people not having high incomes were having to buy flats far away from city centres even as black money was being parked into realty projects inside the city. MHADA was to buy the reserved land or built up area at government rates, which are far lower than market prices, and then sell it to eligible persons.Sources in town planning department said the decision had wreaked havoc among the builders. Prominent builders in Mumbai and Pune claimed they would lose crores of rupees if they had to sell 20% land or built up area to MHADA at government rates. They claimed higher floor to space index (FSI) or transfer of development rights (TDR) would not compensate for giving away 20% area to MHADA.A town planning official said the builders were dead against the proposal as many high-end buyers might keep away from their townships, malls and condominiums if a section of it was to be occupied by the poor and lower middle class families. \"Just as posh schools don't want poor kids, top builders don't want poor families in their flat schemes. Many rich people highly object to such social engineering,\" he pointed out.The government had decided that in case of land, the size of plots on 20% share would be between 30 and 50 sq m. In case of constructions, the builder was to construct tenements having area between 27.88 and 45 sq m for purchase by MHADA. The 20% share would have to be purchased by MHADA within three months of being offered. It could designate civic agencies like NMC and NIT for this purpose. However, if the purchase was not made, the realtor could sell the plots or flats in open market. In that case, he would not get extra FSI or TDR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504714", "title": "Chain snatchers target morning walkers", "text": "PUNE: Four chain snatching incidents reportedly took place in the city within a span of five hours on Friday.The incidents took place between 6.30am and 11.30am at Kothrud, Karvenagar, Karve Road and on Sinhagad Road.In the first incident that occurred around 6.30am on Karve road, the complainant, 58-year-old Mangal Shukla, was taking a morning walk along with her neighbour when two unidentified persons approached her on a motorcycle near Wadacha stop, Karvenagar, and snatcher her gold chain worth Rs 25,000 and fled. Shukla has filed a complaint with the Warje Malwadi police.In the next incident, which took place around 7.45am on Sinhagad Road, 60-year-old Shamal Bidkar's gold chain worth Rs 24,000 was snatched. Kanchan Heights residents Bidkar and her husband Prakash, were out on a morning walk when the incident happened. The Dattawadi police are investigating further.Two incidents were reported in the jurisdiction of the Kothrud police station.Around 10.30am, Sumegha Agashe (51) of Yashashri society, Karvenagar, was heading towards the autorickshaw stand to go for work at Narayan Peth. When she reached Tathawade garden, two persons on a motorcycle stopped her on the way and the pillion rider snatched her chain worth Rs 15,000 and fled.Another incident took place around 11.45am near Kishkindhanagar on Paud Road. Complainant Sarita Ghatpande (64) of Shivtirthanagar was returning home after purchasing vegetables when the suspects, who were following her on a motorcycle, snatched her gold chain worth Rs 50,000 and fled.Speaking to TOI, a senior officer from the Pune crime branch said it has been observed that all the incidents took place in the morning hours. \"We have intensified patrolling in the city during the early morning hours,\" he added.Earlier, on Thursday morning, the gold chain of Lalita Pawar (32), a resident of Anandnagar slums in Chindhwad was snatched near Kirloskar society near Chatuhshrungi. The chain was worth Rs 20,000. The Chatushrungi police are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13507061", "title": "As student take exams, lifters ride their vehicles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University students off late have been bearing the brunt of rising thefts on campus. With purses, laptops and vehicles going missing, students are a hassled lot yet the university security remains unperturbed about the matter.Over six such cases of theft have been reported within a week's time, of which two cases were peculiar as students came out of the examination hall only to find their motorcycles missing.Additionally, 10 laptops were recently recovered by the cops this week all belonging to the university students. These laptops went missing from boys' hostels and an internal inquiry is yet to be marked by the PU authorities.In two different cases, purses were stolen from cars parked in PU's parking lots, while the female students were taking their exams in arts block 1 and 2.\"Since arts block 1, 2 and almost all departments in that row are centres for various examinations; most vehicles are parked on the roadside close to gate 1 of the campus facing PGI. If the security is not vigilant enough, it is very easy to sneak in and steal anything from cars,\" said Gurtej Singh, a student of Centre for Human Rights at PU.Suneet, another MA student from PU added that the university security did not heed when they reported a case of theft from outside the library. \"Two students lost their vehicles from outside arts block while they were appearing in exam and one from outside library. When we contacted the university security, the staff showed ignorance and did not even bother to register our compliant.\"The university security nabbed two outsiders in a theft case from the campus on Thursday morning, but the details are yet to be divulged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13506156", "title": "Man goes to hospital, finds he's actually a woman", "text": "MELBOURNE: A man who went to hospital with a kidney stone was left stunned when his ultrasound revealed that he was actually a woman.Steve Crecelius, who is a photographer from Denver, Colorado, was born with both male and female traits but has been repressing his feminine side for a long time.But after an ultrasound found out about his sex, he no longer lives as a man and goes by the name of 'Stevie' - a move that his wife and their six children support.\"I remember wearing my mom's clothes and makeup, very secretly, not telling anybody ,\" the Daily Telegraph quoted Crecelius as saying.Crecelius, who chose to hide behind a male persona, revealed that 40 years later, the nurse gave the explanation for his feelings. \"I had a kidney stone and we're in the emergency room,\" Crecelius said. \"The nurse is reading the ultrasound and says, \"Huh, this says you're a female\" . It validated everything I had always felt inside.\"The ultrasound found that while Crecelius appeared to have male genitalia, he had internal female sex organs - one of the conditions under the umbrella term 'intersex' . Crecelius's wife Debbie was supportive, choosing to deal with the news by taking Stevie shopping for her first bra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13510500", "title": "Karan Johar's blockbuster birthday bash", "text": "Karan Johar turned forty. And anybody who is somebody in the Indian cinema industry or Mumbai social scene came to wish the birthday boy.Dressed in a tuxedo KJo was one of the first ones to arrive for the bash planned by good friend Manish Malhotra at a suburban five star on Friday evening.KJo like a sweet son waited for his mum to arrive at the red carpet too. But the black and red themed party scheduled for a nine 'o clock curtain raiser started warming up only past eleven. And out of the many surprises last evening, the party saw Shah Rukh Khan walking in with wife Gauri. The last time the couple were spotted reaching an event together was perhaps last year. But for KJo, the Khans surely decided to put all rumours to rest.Amongst the first ones to come were Punit Malhotra sporting a green bow tie and Vidhu Vinod Chopra with his wife Anupama. Anil Ambani with wife Tina came next followed by Karan Malhotra , Boman Irani and family and Sooraj Barjatya, who came with his wife. Kajol arrived with sister Tanisha. Ali Zafar deviated from the black and red dress code and chose a white suit. So did Imran Khan , who walked in with wife Avantika a little later. Milind Deora with Kumar Mangalam Birla arriving next provided a break from the Bollywood brigade. Juhi Chawla , Arjun Kapoor and Simi Garewal in signature white were next. Closer to midnight, walked in Yash Chopra with wife Pamela, Anil Kapoor , Ritesh Sidhwani , Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh , Kangna Ranaut , Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia and Shankar Ehsaan Loy - spotted together after a rather long time.Bipasha Basu walked in wearing a black backless number. By this time everybody was rushing in for the party. The music was audible even at a distance. Bips almost did not realise that Sonakshi Sinha had come up behind her. She turned to hug her on the red carpet. An eyewitness revealed that the camaraderie continued inside the party. Anushka Sharma followed them.Sanjay Dutt came with wife Manyata wearing a pathani suit. When asked why wasn't he sporting a tux, Dutt joked that he did not own 'tie, wie'. Hrithik Roshan and Preity Zinta graced the red carpet next and waited for Sussane to join them. And while they were posing for the shutterbugs, Vidya Balan and beau Siddharth Roy Kapoor slipped passed the cameras.The party area - the basement - was transformed into something akin to an elaborate KJo film set with velvet diamond studded curtains, a luxury sitting area, an open bar counter and shining red candles at every table.Well, this is surely one party that Bollywood is going to remember.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13503166", "title": "Panel set up to address travel woes of students", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district administration on Wednesday set up a monitoring committee to monitor and redress the travel woes of students who depend on private buses in the district.The meeting of the students' travel facility committee also decided to set up a special cell in the collectorate for communicating daily happenings.Representatives of different students' organizations and the Kozhikode district bus operators' association, bus owners' organization, Kerala State Transport Corporation (KSRTC), parallel colleges, police and regional transport officers of Kozhikode and Vadakara attended the meeting called by the district collector.It was decided to hold the meeting of the monitoring committee once in three months.Regional transport offices in Kozhikode and Vadakara will issue the concession cards prepared by associations of bus operators at a charge of Rs 4. The students will be allowed to use their old concession cards till they receive the renewed ones.However, school students are not required to produce concession cards to avail concessions in private buses.The meeting also decided to allow students to avail concession in KSRTC buses on all routes.in the routes they operate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13503910", "title": "Usap locals thrash 'thief' then attack cops", "text": "BICHOLIM: Villagers from Usap, Nanora, assaulted a man on suspicion of being a thief, and turned their fury on policemen as well, after the latter objected to the residents taking the law into their own hands. The incident occurred near the Sateri temple on Thursday night and left a police jeep damaged, three policemen hurt and the thrashed man in a critical condition.Agitated over a spate of thefts in their area, the locals caught Ganpat Yeshwant Shirodkar on suspicion. A police team that rushed to the scene after the Bicholim police station received a call at about 9.30pm were surprised to see about ten villagers mercilessly thrashing Shirodkar.\"We requested them not to assault Shirodkar and to hand him to our custody,\" PSI Razashad A Shaikh said. However, the villagers ignored the police and continued hitting Shirodkar.More villagers soon gathered at the scene and began abusing the police personnel as well. The locals allegedly threw chilli powder on the personnel and even damaged the jeep. As the policemen tried to intervene and rescue Shirodkar from the mob's clutches they too were dragged and assaulted. The policemen finally managed to get Shirodkar out of the mob fury and drive away.Police have now registered two cases in this connection and have arrested Eknath Ganesh Gaonkar, 31, from Usap, Nanora, for allegedly assaulting Shirodkar. The complaint in this case was registered by Shirodkar's son, Nilesh. Police have booked Gaonkar under Sections 323, 324, 143, 147, 148, 326, 504 and 506 read with 149 of IPC. Shirodkar had to be shifted to Asilo Hospital, Mapusa, from the Bicholim PHC as his condition is critical.In the second case of assault on policemen, an offense has been booked against over 150 people under Sections 143, 147, 353, 504, 506, 342 read with 149 IPC and Section 3 of PDPP act. Damages to the police jeep amount to Rs 25,000. The three injured policemen were discharged after being administered first aid at the Bicholim PHC.Shaikh is conducting further investigations under the guidance of PI Ninad Deulkar and DySP Gajanand Prabhudesai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13505128", "title": "IAS officer's hubby booked for assaulting man", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal police have booked the husband of an IAS officer and one more person for house trespassing and voluntarily causing hurt to a person over a property-related issue in the state capital late on Wednesday.The dispute is related to an old property dispute between Sanjay Soni and Amit Pande, businessman and the husband of senior IAS officer, Ajita Bajpai Pande. It is the second case the police have registered over the same property-- Dynamic Centre--in MP Nagar in past two months.Earlier, Soni was booked under sections of attempt to murder for firing bullets on Pande and his associates, who had gone to get the shop vacated on April 22. This time, the case against Pande and his alleged accomplice Surendra Singh Chouhan has been registered for barging into the house of Soni's assistant SN Narayan who resides in Sonagiri. Police said the two barged into house of Narayan to get the keys of the disputed shop. \"When Narayan refused to give keys, he was reportedly attacked in front of his family members. The victim sustained injuries in the incident and remained critical in hospital. Subsequently, the police lodged a case against Pande and Chouhan,\" said TI Nagendra Pateria. tnnIn April this year, Soni was booked on the charges of attempt to murder when he fired two rounds of bullets on Pande in the Dynamic Centre, MP Nagar.At that time, the MP Nagar traders association rallied round Soni and alleged that the police action as \"one- sided\". They alleged that Pande and his associates were forcibly trying to vacate the shop and even attacked Soni after which he opened fire in self-defence.The Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) had also taken cognizance of the police action against Soni and sought explanation from the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13501548", "title": "PM\u2019s economic advisory council chief C Rangarajan hints at diesel, LPG price hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: C Rangarajan, chairman of the PM's economic advisory council, on Friday hinted at price corrections in both diesel and cooking gas over the next few months to send a strong signal to foreign investors and to ensure adequate capital flows. \"I think it is necessary to act on prices of other petroleum products also,\" he told TOI. Rangarajan, a former RBI governor, said there was a proposal on dual pricing of diesel but it did not seem feasible to implement.He discounted suggestions that the petrol price rise will have a significant impact on inflation. He said action on diesel and LPG prices would have some temporary effect on inflation but would help in bridging the fiscal gap, which was important to attract foreign capital flows.\"We need to evolve a mechanism through which low income groups are not impacted. The rise in price of crude has made it more compelling to do it now. This is a proposal under consideration. Some people have suggested dual pricing in diesel but some say it is difficult to do. But during the year, action is called for,\" he said.He said the government needed to be proactive on taking policy decisions as investors expected fiscal deficit to be maintained at budget estimates. \"One action has been taken by raising petrol prices. By doing so, the government has indicated that it is committed on fiscal consolidation and that will result in positive outcome as far as capital flows are concerned.\"Times ViewThe idea of a dual pricing system for diesel to ensure that farmers get subsidized fuel but SUV owners don't might seem attractive, but is unworkable. The experience with a similar system in kerosene has shown how easily it can be subverted and can give rise to a black market with strong vested interests that are willing to kill to protect their stakes. If the government does want to subsidize farmers while excluding rich urbanites, it perhaps makes more sense to hike the price of diesel to what its cost would demand and provide direct income support to farmers to help them cover some of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13503950", "title": "Test results being sent to AIIMS for second opinion", "text": "BANGALORE: Police are sending the results of histopathological tests on the organs of Manipuri student Richard Loitam, 19, who was found dead in his hostel room on April 18, to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi for a second opinion.\"We've ordered the investigating officer at Madanayakanahalli police station to rush to New Delhi with the test results,\" Bangalore Rural superintendent of police D Prakash told TOI.Loitam was a first-year student of Acharya NRV College of Architecture, Chikkabanavara, near Hesaraghatta. The boy met with a road accident on April 16 for which he didn't avail of proper medical treatment. The next day, he was beaten up by his seniors in the hostel when he tried to change the TV channel when others were watching a cricket match.Family members and activists representing north-eastern states alleged the boy died as he was beaten up by hostelmates. Police questioned two students, but haven't; got any evidence that he died of injuries in the assault. The autopsy, the chemical analysis on his visceral samples and histopathological tests failed to establish the cause of death.Sources said that police are checking the medical records of his family for any history of heart ailments. \"This will take some time and done with the cooperation of his family,\" said a police officer.Doctors said the delay in bringing the body for the autopsy may prove critical as the body had reached the stage of decay (autolysis).Boycott not against Kannadigas: MonikaNorth-eastern students studying in Bangalore colleges feel the boycott imposed in Manipur on goods produced in Karnataka is not against Kannadigas or Karnataka. \"The intention of student bodies which imposed the boycott is to alert both Manipur and Karnataka governments to quickly hand over the case to the CBI. They're looking for a resolution to the Loitam case. We desperately want justice,\" Monika Khangembam, a Manipuri student in Bangalore spearheading the Justice for Loitam initiative, told TOI.\"Schools and colleges in Manipur are closed because student bodies have called a bundh,\" she said.Monika pointed out that the Acharya Group of institutions, in whose college Loitam was studying, has been advertising a lot in the north-east. \"Its hoardings and placards are all over. Why does the institution do this when it can't safeguard the life of its student?\" she asks. \"This agitation is against counsellors of these institutions,\" Monika said.Will there be a backlash? \"No, I don't see any resultant problem as it will adversely affect the government,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13505378", "title": "Injured in accident on 1st day of exams, teen scores 79.3%", "text": "MUMBAI: Seventeen-year-old Sudarshan Shetty overcame a turbulent past and an accident on the first day of his board exams , which crushed his lungs, to score 79.33% in his HSC exams . In fact, it was the news of his accident reported in TOI that helped his family trace him after eight long years.Ever since he ran away from his home in Thane in 2004, he had been staying at Sneha Sadan Orphanage at Chakala in Andheri (E) and attending Shardashram Vidya Mandir. The mishap occurred on the first day of his exams, when Shetty was headed back home after appearing for his English paper. Outside his exam centre at St Antonio D'Silva School in Dadar, he was about to cross the road when a water tanker hit him, injuring him so severely that he had to be admitted to the ICU at Holy Spirit Hospital. But Shetty stayed determined to complete his HSC papers. Impressed by his dedication, his orphanage and the board extended all support and Shetty was provided with a writer to help him with the rest of the papers. His exam centre was shifted from Dadar to Canossa Convent School in Andheri, near his hospital, for the next two papers and for the rest, he was assigned to Holy Family School, also nearby.Leaving his travails behind , Shetty, an MCVC student, seems to be more than happy with his results and now, sitting at home, plans to pursue either a course in BCA or a diploma in computer engineering.Father Noel Pinto, assistant director of Sneha Sadan, said throughout his stay, Shetty never talked about his family . He added the boy's family contacted him after they came across his accident report and he asked them to return after the exams. \"When we told Sudarshan about his parents, initially, he was reluctant to go back to them as he had grown attached to the orphanage. After counselling, he agreed. I'm happy to say he is now well settled with his family,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13498372", "title": "Gulf remittances soar as rupee weakens", "text": "HYDERABAD: A weakening rupee has brought much cheer to expats living abroad and the large Indian population in the Gulf couldn't be happier. Remitting a large part of their salary back to India, they are happy as this now converts into more rupees back home.According to informed sources, banks in the city have seen as much as a 50% increase in their monthly appreciation as Indians are clamoring to send more money back. The more enterprising ones are even seeking advances and transferring the same to India.There are more than six million Indian expats in six countries of the Gulf area of which 15 lakh are estimated to be from Andhra Pradesh. Most of them are in blue collar jobs. Those in high paying white collar jobs are now seeking advances on paychecks while the business community is reportedly remitting a bulk of their savings.GRC Prasad Sai, in-charge NRI cell at State Bank of Hyderabad, told TOI that the rise and fall of rupee dictates the amount of remittance. Terming the high remittances as one of the factors for increase in their inflows, he says, \"Ever since the interest rates for NRIs were deregulated in December last year, we have seen a growth. But an increase of Rs 30 crore in the month-on-month growth on our base in April when compared to March, gives a strong indication that remittances have increased. Given the situation and anticipatory effect of rupee further weakening, the trend may continue,\" he predicted.M Bheem Reddy, vice-president, Migrants Rights Council, notes that the rupee value is of great interest to both the white collar and blue collar employees. \"The depreciation in rupee is always welcomed by expats. Since the value of Gulf currencies does not change with dollar, both the appreciation and depreciation are absorbed completely by the expatriates. When the rupee gained significantly in the past, workers were known to have protested demanding a hike in salary, which happened in 2008 in Dubai,\" he said.The joy in the depreciating rupee is however not without caution. K Anjaneyulu, manger with Xpress Money, a money transfer organization in Dubai says, \"The AED (Arab Emirates Dhiram) is now Rs 15 and that is reason enough to be happy. But the recent hike in cost of petrol and double digit inflation can nullify any gains that we make abroad. Given the continuous increase in cost of living here and the scope for the rupee to appreciate in the near future, our profit making could be short lived,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13503811", "title": "No rest in peace for unclaimed bodies in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: The inadequate capacity of the morgue at the Hospicio hospital, Margao, has resulted in a situation where even the dead are denied a decent space to rest before the bodies are claimed by their kin.The morgue of the South Goa district's premier hospital has a capacity to store 18 bodies at any given time. And when the two nine-capacity compartments are full, the 10-body capacity unit at the nearby TB hospital is used to preserve the bodies.While there are complaints that the bodies are more often than not piled one upon the other, overloading of the morgue often leads to malfunctioning of the unit, leading to the decomposition of the bodies.\"At any given time, the morgue, which has a capacity of 18, is loaded with 25 to 30 bodies, often piled one on top of the other in the cabinets. The overloading jams the system,\" sources said.It is not solely the Hospicio hospital which is to be blamed for overloading the morgue. \"The hospital is compelled to preserve more bodies than its designed capacity on humanitarian grounds. The morgue caters to the needs of the entire district as no other hospital has a morgue. Besides, most of the bodies are those brought by the police that are lying there unclaimed for months together,\" says Dilip Hegde, who was the chairman of the visiting committee of the hospital, until recently.Medical superintendent of the Hospicio hospital P D Nasnodkar, when contacted, agreed that the police fail to dispose of the bodies in time, thereby exerting pressure on the already inadequate morgue space. \"There are 14 police stations in South Goa. All unidentified bodies recovered by the police end up at the Hospicio morgue. At the moment, 13 out of 20 bodies are awaiting clearance from the police for disposal,\" Nasnodkar pointed out.The police are not entirely to be blamed, either. \"The bodies that lie in the government morgues are mostly unidentified and, therefore, unclaimed ones. It's imperative that the police preserve them for a sufficient and reasonable period of time so as to enable the relatives to claim the bodies. What if the relatives turn around and say that the deceased was murdered, after the body is disposed of? In the absence of any legislation specifying the period for which unclaimed bodies can be preserved in the government morgues, the police cannot act in haste in disposing of such bodies,\" police sources said.Sources advocated the need for the Hospicio hospital to factor in the requirements of the police while requisitioning a new morgue. It is learnt that the new district hospital under construction has a provision for morgue capacity of 40 bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13501177", "title": "Vice-chancellor post aspirants asked to come up with vision document", "text": "CHENNAI: In an attempt to zero in on the right candidate for the post of vice-chancellor of Thiruvalluvar University in Vellore, the search committee has asked potential candidates to do a SWOT analysis of the university and come up with a vision document to develop the institution into a university of excellence.Aspersions have often been cast on the methodology used to appoint vice-chancellors, with talks of political appointments surfacing. Hoping to put an end to such speculation, for the first time, in addition to the guidelines laid down by the University Grants Commission, the search committee has come up with its own criteria to set a benchmark for vice-chancellors' selection. Convenor of the committee and State Planning Commission member (education) E Balaguruswamy, along with government nominee S P Thiagarajan and syndicate nominee S Venkatraman, identified more than 30 criteria to shortlist candidates for the post.Professor Balaguruswamy said, \"Applicants must have an idea of the university, the kind of facilities it needs, challenges and strengths. If they haven't done it already they can do it now to see what they are up against.\"Forty of the 130 applicants were shortlisted based on several criteria, including educational qualification, administrative experience, research or consultancy work, number of papers published and amount generated for research through funding. Shortlisted candidates have been asked to submit a vision document consisting of a SWOT analysis of the university and a similar self-analysis before June 9. They have also been asked to detail the vision they had for the university, plan and strategies to develop Thiruvalluvar University into a university of excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502914", "title": "Angamaly Little Flower Hospital sets an example", "text": "KOCHI: At a time when waste management is giving authorities a nagging headache, Little Flower Hospital in Angamaly is setting an example through its self-sufficient waste disposal structure. For the past six years, this hospital has been slowly putting together a system that has now been recognized by the State Pollution Control Board. It is the only hospital in the state to get this recognition.Built on 25 cents on the premises of this 11-acre hospital, the automatic waste disposal superstructure houses a bio-energy plant (for fuel), incinerator (for burning plastic and metal waste), sewage treatment plant (STP) and a vermin compost pit.Everyday, this superstructure transforms three tonnes of biodegradable waste and recycles 70,000 litres of sewage water. And to make this area visually appealing, a landscaped flower garden has come up here, neatly camouflaging the underground bio-energy plant.This idea was first mooted by Fr Sebastian Vadakumpadan, director of the hospital, who has served in ecclesiastical institutions in Europe and Delhi, where he has come across such recycling units. Now the hospital's 12X7 canteen runs on the bio-gas generated from the plant. Toilets in the hospital make use of the treated and purified pH6 scale water, which is a product of the STP.\"We don't have an oncology department, so no radiation or hazardous medical waste is produced in our medical complex. This hospital for us is a way of service to the people, and thus to God. It is our mission to keep our premises as clean as a place of worship,\" said Fr Vadakumpadan.The technology behind the superstructure doesn't come cheap.\"Almost Rs 76 lakh was spent on setting up the structure. The money was not easy to find. Even after six years, the hospital has a debt of over Rs 30 lakh in this connection,\" said M K Mathew, chief finance officer of the hospital. But since no more expenditure is needed on waste management, hospital authorities feel the idea was worth investing in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13507062", "title": "Jeanneret's pieces adorn exotic hotels", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heritage chairs designed by Pierre Jeanneret that instantly make you slump in might have been dumped out of government offices by babus in Chandigarh, but the aged beauties are now proudly placed on pool sides in exotic island hotels in Caribbean. Jeanneret was cousin and associate of Swiss French architect Le Corbusier .\"Furniture designed by Pierre Jeanneret for the city of Chandigarh,\" along with pieces signed by celebrities have been placed in bedrooms, bars and suites of a hotel in the heart of Caribbean on the Island of Saint Barth. It has made the ambience \"stylish as it is cozy\", says the online brochure of the hotel.Similarly, a hotel in St Barths, France, has put up furniture \"designed by Jeanneret and Corbusier\" in each of its rooms. The rooms pop out of the green gardens and towering palm trees pleasantly surprising the visitor. Simple, functional and low cost, most of these designs were mass-produced by different local furniture makers. In May last year, four lots of heritage furniture designed by Jeanneret were sold by Paris-based auction house Artcurial for 6,3961 Euros (40.75 lakh).Jeanneret, who was the first chief architect of Chandigarh, had designed chairs, tables, stools and racks for government offices that came up in the city in late 50s. However, the furniture was replaced by modern furniture in 80s and 90s. After tossing out these items in the backyards or stores, most UT department had auctioned these as part of junk, unaware of their international worth.The refurbished heritage pieces have been popping up at auctions abroad during past two years. Embarrassed, UT has been repeatedly writing to auction houses, claiming the furniture to be its property and seeking stalling of sale, but to no avail. UT chief architect Sumit Kaur could not be contacted for comments on the issue.Rebutting UT claim that the auctioned stuff was its property, auction houses have been insisting that they had bought the material legally.Though directions to prepare a comprehensive list of sketches, furniture and models were first issued in 1996, the exercise is still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499835", "title": "Dongri youth abducted in China returns home", "text": "MUMBAI: After five days of captivity at the hands of his Chinese kidnappers, 22-year-old Mohammed Danish Qureshi arrived back home in Mumbai.The junior grade worker from Dongri had been abducted by the infamous looters of Yiwu city, who accused him of working for a company that owed them money.Upon his return Friday, Danish was not available for comment but his mother said, \"He has barely washed and eaten after the horrible experience. We are grateful to Allah that my son is back safe and sound. He was merely an employee who was picked up owing to a misunderstanding.\"But Mohammed Danish Qureshi's colleague gave more details about the abduction and rescue.\"He was at work in Yiwu, unloading a vehicle when a band of men kidnapped him and began making calls to us demanding a hefty ransom running into lakhs of rupees. We quickly approached the Indian embassy in China and the Indian home ministry for intervention. They traced the calls and rescued him from two kidnappers,\" he recalled.The family is full of praise for the prompt action taken by embassy officials, particularly diplomat S Balachandran, who coordinated the rescue operation and maintained secrecy until Danish arrived home on Friday.He was fed and given money to return home.In January, Balachandran himself was assaulted during a court hearing in the matter of two abducted diamond traders in China. The episode had escalated into a row between the two nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506148", "title": "Harassed by husband, woman commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A housewife committed suicide by consuming poison as she was allegedly harassed by her husband and in-laws. Juhi police registered a case under Section 306 (abetment of suicide) of IPC on Thursday.The woman identified as Sonu, was a resident of Baba Kuti in Juhi. The incident had occurred on May 21.The Juhi police said that Sonu allegedly consumed poison at night on May 21. She died at a hospital during the treatment.There used to be frequent quarrels due to family issues. Complainant Bablu stated that his sister married Mukesh about 10 years ago. She was mentally and physically harassed by her husband and in-laws.A couple of hours before she consumed poison, she had an argument with her husband. The report of the chemical analysis of the viscera is awaited, the police said.Mukesh Kumar has been booked under section 306 of Indian Penal Code (Abetment of suicide).Arrested: Three persons were arrested with a huge quantity of illicit liquor on Friday. The arrested persons was identified as Rajaram of Fatehpur, Rajesh of Kacchi Basti in Govindnagar and Surendra of Dabhauli. They were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499264", "title": "Tatkal scam: Touts book railway tickets in Bihar, fly them to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has busted a racket in which confirmed tickets were booked under the Tatkal scheme by touts in Bihar and then couriered to Mumbai by air. Three persons were arrested in separate instances by a special squad formed by the Central Railway RPF. The trio was released on a cash bail of Rs 10,000 each by a local court.The racket originated at Patna and Hajipur in Bihar. RPF sleuths found that tickets for a train leaving from Mumbai to Patna had been booked at the Patna end, in advance. \"Identity proof is required to be produced while booking tickets. Touts from Mumbai arranged for scanned copies of customers' ID cards to be sent to Bihar. Their counterparts in Bihar then booked tickets under Tatkal scheme for these customers. As the tickets were to be used within 24 hours, they were couriered to Mumbai by air,\" an official said. \"This was done from the Bihar-end as there are strict checks by authorities in Mumbai.\"Acting on a tip-off, RPF sleuths followed staffers of a courier company after they had picked up parcels from the domestic airport cargo and dropped it at their Andheri-based office. Sleuths observed that one of the parcels, containing the Tatkal tickets, was collected by Atiq-ur-Rehman from the courier company's office. Rehman was nabbed with a consignment of nine tickets, three of them being III-AC tickets, collectively worth Rs 30,680 on May 18. He further led the RPF to his associates. On May 23, another tout Mohammad Salim was nabbed and on May 24, a third tout, Mohammad Vakil, was nabbed.The touts charged a fee of Rs 1,500 which in some cases was as much as the ticket cost itself. The RPF said the accused did not have a past crime record. The tickets were couriered by air from Patna to Mumbai via Delhi. The railways have appealed commuters against buying tickets from touts.Info on WR extra coach 3 days in advanceTo prevent fleecing by touts and bring in more transparency, Western Railway (WR) has decided to announce on the railway website its plans to attach an additional coach on its regular mail/express train three days in advance.The initiative aims to keep passengers updated on the probability of confirmation of their waitlisted tickets which would also help in minimizing the role of touts who try to take advantage of the lack of information among the passengers.Sharat Chandrayan, WR's chief public relations officer, said, \"The information of tentative plan to attach extra coaches in WR trains will give the waitlisted passengers an idea of the possibility of getting their ticket confirmed as the waitlist is reduced considerably after attaching the extra coach in a train.\"The tentative plan of extra coaches may vary, subject to availability of coaches and other constraints. This information is uploaded on WR's website under the menu 'Passenger &amp; Freight Services' on the home page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499916", "title": "Delhi sizzles at 44\u00b0C, Met says worst is over", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's tryst with intense heat wave continued for the second consecutive day on Friday as the maximum temperature rose to a record 44 degrees Celsius, up from 43.1 degrees Celsius recorded on Thursday. This is the highest for the season.The Met department has forecast that heat wave conditions will continue even during the weekend. \"On Friday, the maximum temperature was recorded at 44 degrees Celsius, three degree Celsius above normal. The minimum temperature was at 27.8 degrees, up from Thursday's 27.3 degrees and one degree above normal. The humidity during the day was between 16 and 32 %,\" said a Met official.He said that the maximum and minimum temperature over the weekend is likely to be 44 degrees Celsius and 30 degrees Celsius respectively. \"It is not going to get any worse,\" the official added.The weather station at Aya Nagar has recorded a temperature of 45.4 degree Celsius during the day while at Palam it was 45.2 degrees. The readings at Safdurjung Met station are taken as Delhi temperature for official purposes.The hot weather forced people to remain indoors and all major shopping centers in the city wore a deserted look.Officials said that increase in temperature during May is normal. \"Last year, the maximum temperature for the month of the May was recorded at 44.1 degrees Celsius. In 2010, it was recorded at 45.4 degrees Celsius. But a record-breaking 46 degrees Celsius was recorded in year 2002,\" he said.\"Due to the hot weather, construction work of our new house is delayed. The labourers are not turning up,\" said Ashish Sharma, a resident of Dwarka. Due to sweltering heat, doctors say, cases of heat stroke and gastroenteritis have also gone up.\"Heat stroke is one of the most serious heat-related illnesses. To avoid this, people should drink plenty of water. Overexposure to UV rays can also cause sunburn, tanning; premature skin ageing and a decrease in immune system response and to avoid this one can use sunscreen lotions and wear sunglasses for eyes,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501533", "title": "Bengal SAILs on industry route", "text": "KOLKATA: Friday marked a double boost to the industrialization drive of the Mamata Banerjee government, with the Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) announcing a fresh project in Kulti, worth Rs 7,000 crore and signing a joint venture to get cracking on a two-year-old proposal for Jellingham, near Nandigram.The fresh investment - for a steel and alloy plant in Kulti - is the biggest so far by any central PSU during the Mamata Banerjee regime. SAIL has a combined investment worth Rs 21,000 crore in Bengal.The Jellingham project - a wagon component unit - was conceptualized in 2010 when Mamata was the railway minister. SAIL chairman C S Verma on Friday inked a joint venture MoU with Burn Standard in front of chief minister Mamata Banerjee. This project has symbolic significance for the Mamata administration because it is the Nandigram anti-acquisition movement that propelled her party on the road to power.Verma, who had an hour-long meeting with the CM on Friday, indicated that SAIL might form a joint venture with an international player for the proposed unit at Kulti. \"We are implementing a number of projects in Bengal. The state government is really cooperating with us. We may look for further investment opportunity at Kulti,\" he said.SAIL has around 600 acres at the Kulti facility, the site for the oldest steel plant in India. \"There is no need to acquire land if we go ahead with special steel project. The capacity could be 1.2 million and investment would be between Rs 6,000 crore and Rs 7,000 crore. We are looking at products that can be supplied to the defence and navy,\" he said.Land is unlikely to be a problem for the Jellingham unit, either. Burn Standard has 128 acres leased land, which it used as an offshore platform for ONGC in the '80s. The new project will need 50 acres while the remaining 78 acres can be developed as an industrial park later.Verma said that the JV company will invest Rs 200 crore for the project. \"The initial plan is to manufacture 10,000 bogies and couplers each and the numbers may go up based on the requirement,\" he said, adding that this unit will create direct employment opportunity for 300 people.Burn Standard managing director D Marandi said that it would be a 50:50 joint venture and the debt-equity ratio would be 70:30. \"The equity component for the project will be Rs 60 crore, divided equally between the two PSUs,\" he added. When asked how BSCL would bring equity as it is still under the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction, Marandi said that the railways will give Rs 10 crore as equity support along with Rs 15 crore as soft loan for the venture.\"We have valued 50 acres land at Rs 5 crore which will be added as our contribution to equity. The JV will be supported by the ministry of railways through an annual assured off-take of bogies and couplers for 10 years,\" he added. Marandi said that Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) has assured to extend the lease agreement for the land, which is up for renewal in 2014.Among the big-ticket SAIL projects currently on in Bengal are the IISCO expansion in Burnpur, expansion of Durgapur Steel Plant, a nugget plant in joint venture with Kobe Steel of Japan in Durgapur and a wagon manufacturing facility in Kulti.Commenting on the proposed nugget unit in Durgapur, the SAIL chairman added that the JV company with Kobe Steel of Japan will be formed soon. \"The total investment for the project will be Rs 1,500 crore. We shall use a unique technology through which ore will be converted to nugget utilizing non-coking coal. This will be first of its kind in India,\" Verma said.There was speculation earlier that SAIL might form a JV with Posco for a project in Kulti but SAIL denied it. The steel giant is now setting up a wagon manufacturing unit there in joint venture with RITES. \"We have already placed the orders for Kulti wagon facility,\" Verma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501611", "title": "With petrol price hike, diesel it is for car dealers, customers", "text": "NAGPUR: A couple of days after the biggest ever hike in petrol prices, car dealers say this is only going to have temporary impact on consumers. Dealers feel that the entry level customers may be deterred from buying, but it is expected to be a short-term phenomenon, lasting for two to three months. However, two-wheeler sales may take a bigger hit, with demand coming down for high-end bikes. The impact of fuel price hike on this segment may remain longer, say sources.New buyers may consider the diesel car option but there are several other factors, vehicles running on this fuel are priced at least Rs 1 lakh more than a petrol version, say dealers.A K Gandhi of M/s A K Gandhi Cars says that diesel cars may be an option for the new buyers. The price hike has severely deterred the entry level buyers. Such consumers may go for a diesel car as requirement of funds can be easily fulfilled from banks. The average Indian consumer is still mileage conscious so it will certainly impact sales with a higher focus on diesel versions, he said. However Gandhi says that the phenomenon may not last beyond 2-3 months. The demand for small and fuel efficient cars may increase, too he said.Companies are also offering certain discount which otherwise absorb the increase in cost. There have been 16 hikes in the last two and a half years, but it has hardly made any tangible difference. Business is expected to remain normal after a few days hype, said Anuj Pandey of Eros Motors. Diesel cars have been traditionally higher in demand, but only those travelling up to 2,500 kms a month prefer them, said Vilas Kale of Provincial Automobiles. The equations may not change much as diesel cars are costlier and not many would prefer it, he added.Consumers on the other hand appeared to be confused. \"I repent the decision of buying a petrol car, but it would not be a viable proposition to change to diesel as petrol has become costlier, says Kailash Jogani a chartered accountant. Jogani says that his old Honda City would fetch him around Rs 5 lakh, a similar diesel car would be costlier at least by a couple of lakhs. The money saved on fuel will be spent on paying instalments. The better method is to curtail consumption and use a two-wheeler wherever possible, he said.Alok Pandey a businessman on the other hand says he plans to shift to a smaller diesel car. \"I have a Honda City which I plan to sell and pay down payment for a smaller diesel car, the amount saved on fuel, will provide for the instalment,\" he says. However, Gurunath Rao an officer in a publishing company finds it not a very good idea to shift cars with every increase in rates.Chartered Accountant Abhijeet Kelkar says he would rather prefer to compensate the loss by jacking up his income. According to B C Bhartia, a traders' leader diesel vehicles can be a good option with petrol cars to be used occasionally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500923", "title": "Stamp paper scam accused held after 14 years", "text": "CHENNAI: A 42-year-old man was arrested on Friday in connection with a fake stamp paper case reported in 1998.D Kumar alias Antony Kumar (42), who stayed in Orissa all these years, had come to Red Hills and was staying with his wife, a document writer in the sub-registrar's office, where he was nabbed by crime branch criminal investigation division (CB-CID) sleuths.\"We watched his movements closely and finally caught him near his house. He is the one who helped Pandian, prime accused in the case, to set up screen printing work at Triplicane and Mylapore,\" deputy superintendent of police Rethinamani told TOI.The CB-CID had registered a case against five people, including Kumar and Pandian. Kumar went absconding soon after the other four were arrested.\"After the accused, Kumar, disappeared, we separated his name from the case and the trial is being conducted at a court in the city for the other four accused. Now, we will include his name in the same case,\" inspector Kasi Viswanathan told TOI.During questioning, Kumar told investigating officers that he had got 2.5 lakh as his share of the racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "p gannavaram (east godavari)", "code": "13498753", "title": "Spurned lover stabs teenage girl 14 times", "text": "P GANNAVARAM (EAST GODAVARI): A teenage girl was attacked and seriously injured by her neighbour on Friday morning at Burugukunta village after she spurned his marriage proposal. The accused allegedly slit her throat and then stabbed the girl 14 times.M Dhana Lakshmi, a polytechnic student, was rushed to the Amalapuram area hospital in a critical condition. She was taken to Kakinada when her condition deteriorated.Kolli Kishore Kumar, 23, a farm labourer, had been pestering Lakshmi to marry him for the last two years. She had refused his proposal and informed her parents who scolded Kishore. Sources said Kishore confronted her again on Friday and when she refused, he stabbed her with a knife.The accused fled from the spot and police have launched a manhunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501697", "title": "75-bed indoor department opened at railway hospital", "text": "PATNA: Railway Board's director (health) V K Ramtek on Friday inaugurated 75-bed indoor patient services at the newly-built super speciality hospital of East Central Railway (ECR) located at the Karbigahiya end of Patna Junction.This project has been completed at an estimated cost of Rs 38 crore. Railways intends to provide 150-bed indoor patient services at this hospital in future.Speaking on the occasion, Ramtek said this hospital was on a par with other super speciality hospitals in the country. It would prove to be a boon for railway employees working under ECR. This hospital would be known as a nephrology speciality centre and railways intends to provide dialysis facility for the benefit of renal patients, he said.ECR GM Varun Bharthuar said this hospital would go a long way in fulfilling the dreams of railway employees to avail better and specialized medical facilities. The hospital has rare equipment like digital x-ray machine besides computerized monitoring and functioning of the hospital, he said, adding efforts would be made to provide better indoor facilities at this centre.According to sources, this super speciality hospital, which is the first of its kind in the eastern region, is likely to cater to the needs of about 90,000 railway employees and their family members in the five divisions of ECR. As per the plan, the super speciality hospital will have a four-storey building, of which the 3rd and 4th floors will be meant for super speciality while the ground, 1st and 2nd floors will have facility of central hospital cum diagnostic centre.There will be specialized treatment of diseases related to women at this hospital. The hospital is already providing outdoor medical facilities to patients. It is fully air-conditioned and the casualty wing would function on a priority basis, sources said, adding the hospital planned to provide free vaccination to children as well.According to sources, it is the fourth super speciality hospital of Indian Railways in the country. Apart from diagnosis, it will now provide specialized treatment in ENT and dental diseases, sources said.Former railway minister Lalu Prasad had laid the foundation stone of this super speciality hospital on a four-acre plot on July 30, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503815", "title": "Cops to take on drug mafia", "text": "PANAJI: After strengthening the local intelligence bureau and starting integrated patrolling in the state, now Goa police is geared up to take the drug mafia head-on.Director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar said \"The aim is now to break the cycle of drug trafficking and we are working on the target.\" This year, Goa police has booked 39 cases of drugs, forged visas and foreigners overstaying. In North Goa, 31 cases have been booked out of which eight cases are related to drugs, eight for forged visas and 15 cases of foreigner overstaying. In south Goa, police has booked five cases out of which three are drugs related and two cases of foreigners overstaying. The anti-narcotics cell has booked seven cases.Speaking to TOI, Kumar said, \"Our priority is to curb the drug menace in the state. Prima facie it has appeared that locals, Indian nationals as well as foreigners are involved in drug trafficking in the state.\"The DGP said that police department has strengthened grassroots level intelligence network. We have identified three police constables (PCs) in each police station, who have interest in working to strengthen intelligence network in their respective jurisdiction. \"We have screened the PCs, interviewed them and then they have been selected to strengthen local Intelligence Bureau,\" he said.DGP has held more than 10 meetings with the PCs to guide them about their duties, what authority they have and how to work by involving locals. Kumar also said that within 15 days all police stations in Goa would be people friendly. \"There would be proper sitting for public, drinking water and even toilet facilities will be provided. All SPs have been asked to complete the facilities within 15 days.\"Kumar also said that as there is a shortage of police staff in Goa, we have started integrated patrolling in the state. At night, various police department staff such as police control room vehicles, local police station, coastal police and ANC staff work in coordination so that there is no duplication while patrolling.Kumar also said he has emphasised on \"Community policing and asked PIs, SDPOs, and SPs to establish contact and meet different sections and groups of people, stakeholders of society, traders associations, colony associations and religious forums to avoid any incident such as rioting and even to get help from these organizations to nab the criminals.\" He said that these measures will begin soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13517075", "title": "Jeet\u2019s the new awara", "text": "Ravi Kinagi has finally found a name for his film starring Jeet and Sayantika in the lead. The venture will be called \"Awara\".\"The film is about a bindaas guy, who likes to live life on his own terms. We thought \" Awara \" is best-suited for the flick,\" said the director.Shoot for the film is over barring the five songand-dance sequences. \"We are leaving for Malaysia on June 1 and after that, we will head to Ladakh to shoot the song-and-dance sequences,\" informed the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506142", "title": "Water crisis remains never-ending", "text": "KANPUR: The city is facing acute water shortage. Regular decline in the water level of the Ganga has also added to the water crisis. As a result, people can be seen making queues at handpumps and holding protests for better power supply, but to no avail. Shortage of drinking water is being especially felt in areas like Gwaltoli, Sooterganj, Arya Nagar, Sooterganj, Vishnupuri, Rawatpur, Parade, Chunniganj, Nehru Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Barra, Yashoda Nagar, Narainpurwa, Lajpat Nagar and Shivaji Nagar.At present the Bhairavghat pumping station is able to pump only 17 crore litres of water from the river against its capacity of 20 crore litres. The lower Ganga canal is also not proving to be of much help as pipes are being laid in the canal for some time now. Nearly seven crore litres of water is pumped from the lower Ganga canal. Thus, against the demand of 55 crore litres of water, only 37 crore litres of water is being made available to the city by the Jal Sansthan. The officials said matters would improve only when the Ganga swells after fresh release of water from Narora dam or during monsoon season. Jal Santhsan authorities claimed that they had received an assured from the irrigation department that soon water would be released into the Ganga from Narora dam. The water level of the Ganga had become stagnant at 356.05 ft at Bhairavghat pumping station at present.It is important to highlight that there is a drastic decline in the undergound water table as well. As a result, the handpumps are running dry and are unable to meet the water requirements of the people, especially at a time when the mercury is soaring above 45 degree mark. Several handpumps in the city are lying non-functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13504882", "title": "Puri Shankaracharya says no party serious about plight of Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: \"Neither the Congress nor the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) are sensitive towards the plight of the Ganga. In fact, the Ganga passes through five states with different ruling parties, but no party has shown any concern about the issues plaguing the river. If a few members of the party show their sensitivity towards the holy river, leaders leading the parties do not support them,\" said Puri Shankaracharya Swami Nishachalanad Saraswati while talking to media persons at Dakshinamurti Mutt, Asi Ghat, on Friday.The Puri Shankaracharya was in the city for a religious ceremony to be held on the mutr premises soon. Speaking a great deal about the plight of the Ganga and the insensitivity of the Central government and other parties in dealing with its issue, Shankaracharya said: \"We are killing the river in the name of development. Despite the advancement in science and technology, we lack its proper utilisation and hence have not been able to create new methods of producing electricity or irrigation facility instead of creating dams. If we are not capable, why aren't scientists from other technically advanced countries are called for technical and scientific help? The government lacks intention as well as policies in the matters concerning the Ganga.\"\"Had there been a mighty river like the Ganga flowing in the US, Japan or any other country, it would never have done the harm that we have caused to the holy river,\" he said.In spite of his support to the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, the Puri Shankaracharya was not present during the entire course of movement including the Ganga Mukti Mahasammelan where seers from different places were present to support the undisrupted flow of water in the Ganges. Speaking about his absence from campaign initiated by Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal, who reportedly left the city to carry out tapasya on the banks of Alaknanda in Uttarakhand on Thursday), Shankaracharya said: \"The campaigners did not consulted me, neither was any invitation given to me to take part in the movement. However noble the cause is, my participation without an invitation would have been an interference.\" However he denied any controversy with convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati and claimed: \"The aim of the stir is good and I support the struggle.\"Shankaracharya was not in favour of saints who talked about skipping the holy bath in the Ganga during the Mahakumbh to be held in Allahabad in 2013. According to him, skipping the holy bath would not do good, either to the government or the administration. It is an insult to the Ganga. Instead of giving such statements, saints and seers should come up with solutions and create huge public awareness with their leadership. \"The solution lies in great public awareness about the divinity and scientific richness of the Ganga,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500783", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation collects over Rs 6cr octroi in 6 days", "text": "NASHIK: Since May 18 midnight, till May 25, the total octroi collected by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) administration amounts to Rs 6.79 crores. Three parties have been caught while trying to evade octroi and they have been fined.The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) took over the charge of collecting octroi from the contractor since midnight of May 18 following the decision of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS)-led civic body on April 13 to scrap octroi. After overcoming the initial hiccups, the NMC took over the charge of octroi posts from a contractor who had been entrusted with the task two years ago by the then Shiv Sena contolled NMC.\"The three parties that were caught by the octroi squad are Xyloplast Ltd, KBC Multi-trade Valves and Nazni Glass Aluminium. The first two were caught on May 24 night while Nazni Glass and Aluminium was caught on May 25,\" informed deputy municipal commissioner (Octroi), Haribhau Phadol.Xyloplast Ltd, Ambad, who deal in PVC rexin chemicals, had goods worth Rs 10,30,000. When they tried to flee without paying octroi, they were nabbed and a fine of Rs 3,30,000 was slapped on them. KBC Multi-trade, dealers in valves, had goods worth Rs 2,90,000, were fined Rs 2,00,000 on evading octroi. Nazni Glass Aluminium were trying to evade octroi with goods worth Rs one lakh and 4262. They have been fined Rs 34,408.\"These payments are those that we received on our current account. The on the spot payment of octroi at the various octroi posts are not included in this. So, the octroi collected is more than this,\" said Phadol.The administration has a herculean task to achieve the target collection of Rs 603 crores and it says it is confident of doing so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13503187", "title": "Hazaribag school shines in CBSE", "text": "RANCHI: Pedagogy is not just a science but art of teaching has been proved by the teachers of newly formed Naman Vidya.Founded in 2005 and with the third batch taking All India Secondary School Examination ( AISSE) this year, the school has emerged second best in the state. Of the 30 students appearing in the school finals conducted by the CBSE, 17 students got 10 cumulative grade point average (CGPA) in all five subjects.This performance proves that 56.67% students secured A1 grade in all five subjects following DPS Bokaro from where 61.43 students clinched the coveted 10 CGPA in all subjects.While all modern schemes of student-teacher-parent interface on virtual media have been introduced by the school, the curriculum is based on Indian value system and the unique idea of introducing newspapers at the tender age.Principal Priyanka Rajvansh said the teacher-student ratio was strictly checked. \"For every 20 student, we have one teacher and single sitting arrangement is provided in classrooms so that equal attention is paid to every child,\" she said. Following the continuous and comprehensive evaluation format of the CBSE in letter and spirit, detailed daily report of every child is prepared and they are encouraged for co-scholastic areas of expertise along with academics. \"We conduct everyday test based on compulsory newspaper reading and the best performer is felicitated the next day. This encourages reading habit and makes the students inquisitive,\" she said.The school had performed even better the previous year when 16 out of 26 appearing in the CBSE finals scored 10 CGPA in all five subjects. \"Our focus is on development of the child and this pays back in form of their academic performance,\" Rajvansh said.Located four kilometers from Hazaribag town, the school has hostel and boarding facilities for its students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13505169", "title": "Dark humour on petrol price has net in splits", "text": "CHENNAI: It's difficult to smile in the times of petrol price increase, but netizens are making people laugh with their dark humour. Social networking sites are replete with cartoons, one-liners and conversations that reflect the lighter side of hard times.A cartoon shows Batman revving up a bike before the petrol price increase. After the increase, he is seen being carried on Superman's shoulders. Another picture shows an bike altered to accommodate bicycle pedals.It's a free for all as net users lift, alter and re-post text, photographs and cartoons at will, improving upon them each time one forwards it. So, you have a Hindi text message being cleverly adapted into a photograph with dialogue balloons in Malayalam. It shows a woman employee of a petrol outlet frowning at a driver who wants petrol for 10. \"No way I can fill petrol for that,\" she says, to which he replies: \"Don't fill, just spray it over the car - I want to set this damn thing on fire.\"There are several cartoons that put bicycles before motorbikes and bullock-carts before cars, but this one takes the cake: A man has his car pulled by a donkey. Another donkey sitting on the boot says, \"If you're wondering, I am for reverse.\"File photographs have got a new life with netizens adding dialogues to the subjects in the frame. One shows M S Dhoni telling Harbhajan Singh after his team lost an IPL match: \"We lost the match purposefully. Did you know that the car that the winning team is going to get runs on petrol?\"The campaign against drink driving got a fillip in the wake of the petrol price hike, as many posted: \"Now that petrol and beer cost the same, either drink or drive, you can't afford to do both.\"A citizen economist has published his thesis on the net, claiming India's GDP is skyrocketing. 'G,' he explains, stands for gas, 'D' for diesel and 'P' for petrol.An e-card wishes social netizens this: \"Hope you find a job that pays you enough to drive to your job.\" Not every e-card is so polite. One, fashioned on the lines of a traffic symbol, shows a bent-over matchstick figure and a petrol filling nozzle aiming at its posterior. The text: Assume the position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499781", "title": "Euro flavour to JK Asia Series", "text": "MUMBAI: Two European venues - Belgium and France - will be the new attractions in the second season of the JK Racing Asia Series, the inaugural race of which will be run at the Sepang circuit in Malaysia this weekend.\"We have dropped China and Indonesia as venues for this season. The races will be held at Spa-Francorchamps and Paul Ricard circuit in Europe,\" Sanjay Sharma, who heads the motorsport division at JK Tyres, said on Thursday.In keeping with JK Tyre's philosophy of unearthing fresh Indian talent, three promising drivers - Vishnu Prasad, Raj Bharath and Sandeep Kumar - will get a chance to participate in the opening round in Malaysia. The participating teams include Eurointernational, which won the honours in the opening season, Team Meritus, Eurasia Motorsport and Atlantic Racing among others.After Malaysia, the series will move to France and from there to Belgium. The series will then return to Asia and run as a support race to the F1 races in Singapore and India before culminating at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida, where it will run alongside the World GT1 championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13503894", "title": "Governor has saved Karnataka: Ananthamurthy", "text": "BANGALORE: Writer U R Ananthamurthy said governor HR Bhardwaj has saved Karnataka from dishonour.Speaking at his felicitation by the governor at Raj Bhavan where an edited volume on him and his writings was released by Sundara Publications on Friday, Ananthamurthy said: \"The governor is a very honourable man. He is very dear. You cannot attach the word 'dear' to every governor. When almost everybody is corrupt in Karnataka, here is a governor who speaks his mind. Usually you get people who don't want to speak out and make enemies, but our governor speaks to the extent of being indiscreet, if I'm permitted to use the word. He is frank. He almost looks like a man who is ready to give up the governor's house anytime. I'm very happy we have such a man here.\"Ananthamurthy recalled an incident. \"A TV reporter came to me and told me that Janardhana Reddy had reportedly said 'That man Ananthamurthy should be thrown into the wastepaper basket'. The reporter asked for my comments. I said, 'Who is Janardhana Reddy? I don't know who he is'. If the governor himself can be frank, why can't we be? We should also speak our mind, only then will the country survive. If I'm wrong, I'm ready to accept it. But in public and political life, we have come to a stage where we don't have a single honest person. It's fortunate we have an honest governor. I hope he keeps up his interactions with writers.\"Bhardwaj thanked Ananthamurthy for his warm comments. \"India has a vast reservoir of writers and scholars. I have great concern for Ananthamurthy's health, I hope he takes good care of himself. He's a source of moral strength to all in Karnataka.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13501340", "title": "Residents lay siege to panchayat union office", "text": "TRICHY: Residents of Sooliyampatti in Manapparai taluk laid siege to the panchayat union office against the non-payment of salaries for nearly two months under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( MGNREGS) here on Friday.On Saturday morning, the villagers, numbering about 170 thronged the Manapparai Panchayat union office to register their protest against the president of the village Sooliyampatti panchayat, Ammakannu.According to the villagers, more than 170 workers, both men and women are working under the scheme for the past few years. They were paid Rs 100 per day for their work. Since March this year, payment was not made to more than 115 persons. The rest of them were paid between Rs 60 and Rs 80 per day citing no reason. Despite the number of representations to the presidents of the panchayat, there was no action taken to release the payments. On Friday, a women self-help group in the village led the protest to lay siege to the block development officer (BDO) of the union.Surprised by the unexpected incident, the BDO tried to pacify the irate villagers saying that the payment was not made due to shortage of funds. He also assured that he would investigate into the allegation that the salary was reduced from Rs 100 to Rs 80.It may be recalled that as many as 300 women from Nagai Nallur village in Thottiyam panchayat union in Trichy submitted a petition to the district collector on May 21 against the non-payment of salary to 475 workers under the scheme in their village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "the audio release of \" uu kodathara ulikki padatara\" (ukup) has been postponed indefinitely. the film's audio launch was supposed to take place at a grand function on may 26th at shilpa kala vedika. however, the event has to be pushed further due to technical snags and the revised date would be announced shortly. producer lakshmi manchu wrote, \"audio of ukup moved to a different date. will keep u posted. sorry for the inconvenience. want to give u the best ", "code": "13518867", "title": "UKUP Audio Songs Release Postponed", "text": "The audio release of \" Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padatara\" (UKUP) has been postponed indefinitely. The film's audio launch was supposed to take place at a grand function on May 26th at Shilpa Kala Vedika. However, the event has to be pushed further due to technical snags and the revised date would be announced shortly. Producer Lakshmi Manchu wrote, \"Audio of ukup moved to a different date. Will keep u posted. Sorry for the inconvenience. Want to give u the best :)\" (sic).Starring Manchu Manoj, Deeksha Seth and Natasimha Balakrishna in a special appearance; \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padatara\" has completed the entire shooting part and has managed to garner great curiosity all the while. UKUP is directed by debutant Sekhar Raja while Manchu Laksmi Prasanna is producing under Manchu Entertainment banner. Bobo Sashi has composed the music for this socio-fantasy film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13515724", "title": "'How Google is Motorola in some ways'", "text": "Motorola Vice President John F Mitchell shows off the DynaTAC portable radio telephone in New York City in 1973.With Google's acquisition of Motorola Mobility now complete, a saga that Brad Stone and I explored in this week's issue of Businessweek, a closer look at the history of the cell-phone maker - formerly one of the most admired companies in the world - could serve as a lesson for the online search giant as it maps its future.In many ways, Google is the old Motorola. These days, Google is known around Silicon Valley as a company willing to invest in seemingly nutty ideas - from archiving the world's books to inventing driver-less cars. For more than half a century, Motorola was also famous for making big, audacious bets.In the 1930s, after two failed attempts to start battery companies, founder Paul Galvin hit pay dirt with the car radio (\"Motorola\" is derived from \"motorcar\" and \"Victrola\"). It dominated the two-way radio market, from walkie-talkies to the one Neil Armstrong used to proclaim his \"giant leap for mankind.\"Again and again, the company was at the forefront of important new tech markets. It was a leader in TVs from the 1950s until it sold its Quasar brand to Panasonic in 1974 (a textbook example of knowing when to get out of a maturing tech market). It was a major force in semiconductors, including the microprocessors that powered Apple's computers from 1976 through 2006. Motorola pioneered the two-way pager, and for years has been one of the top makers of cable set-top boxes.All of these paled next to Motorola's greatest hit, the cell phone. Then under the leadership of Paul's son Bob, who was chief executive officer from 1964 to 1986, the company began investing in mobile phones in the 1970s, without so much as a focus group to check on demand, said Martin Cooper, who ran the division.\"Bob used to always say that you can't build products that people ask for, because they don't know they need them,\" Cooper said.At the time, few shared Motorola's optimism. Chris Galvin, Bob's son and the CEO of Motorola from 1997 to 2004, recalls that in 1978, McKinsey &amp; Co. did a study suggesting that the cumulative number of cellular subscriptions through 2000 would be just 900,000.Even after the company rolled out the first commercial cell phone model in 1983, many managers advised a go-slow approach, said Sandy Ogg, formerly Motorola's senior vice president of leadership, learning and performance.Bob Galvin didn't listen. By 2000, \"the cellular industry was manufacturing 900,000 cell phones every day,\" said his son.The success was far more than just financial. Motorola's stolid, Midwestern exterior may look stodgy relative to Google's hipper vibe, but both were forces of progressive management thinking. In the late 1980s, Bob Galvin championed the Six Sigma quality management program that helped US companies beat back competition from Japan. Internally, the company coddled its innovators, giving them the freedom to pursue projects that is reminiscent of Google's well-known 20 percent rule.\"If someone made a mistake when they were introducing something new, the Galvin philosophy was that they'd just become worth tons more to us than they were before, because we'd paid for their education,\" said Chris Galvin.No doubt, audaciousness can be expensive when the bets don't pay off. Take the Iridium project, a phone service powered by a network of 66 satellites designed to be an \"electronic skin around the earth,\" in Bob Galvin's words. While prescient, Motorola ended up losing billions of dollars on the project before selling it out of bankruptcy for $25 million.But it was the lack of audaciousness that contributed to Motorola's decline. As the cell phone industry went digital in the mid-1990s, Ogg recalled how some Motorola executives argued that consumers wanted analog, not digital, because it sounded better. Within just a few years time, Moto handed its market share lead to Nokia.Then in 2004, Motorola designers came up with a bold, thin new design called the Razr. With good looks and an edgy TV ad campaign, it was enough to stand out in the final days of the pre-iPhone era. The company would sell more than 100 million of them over the next few years, lifting the company's sales to an all-time high of $43 billion in 2006.Still, Motorola would lose its way in the age of versatile devices such as the iPhone , even though it had been dabbling with touch screen-based models for years. It had even acquired a team of talented Silicon Valley techies from Good Technology to develop phones based on Google's then-nascent Android software. Despite this, management stuck with the Razr and cranked out cheaper, less innovative versions that didn't catch on and resulted in big losses.\"From where I sat, it looked like the starship had been turned into a crop duster,\" said Ogg, who now runs operations for private equity firm Blackstone Group .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13503971", "title": "6,000 haemophilic patients in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Haemophilia Society, Ahmedabad, on Friday organised an interaction session to spread awareness about haemophilia, a lifelong bleeding disorder.People suffering from this disease do not have enough clotting factor, a naturally occurring protein in blood that controls bleeding. They do not bleed profusely or faster but bleed for a longer period of time.Haemato-oncologist Dr Ashwin Patel, who is vice president of Gujarat Haemophilia Society, said: \"There are 13 clotting factors, out of which the reduced factors eight and nine are the most commonly seen in haemophilic patients. The danger is uncontrolled internal bleeding that starts spontaneously or results from an injury. Bleeding in joints and muscles can cause stiffness, pain, severe joint damage and sometimes death.\"There are around 6,000 haemophilic patients in Gujarat alone. Anti-haemophilia factors are prescribed/infused to a person to maintain the required factor levels which can be manufactured through 'recombinant technology' or sourced from 'human blood plasma'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506121", "title": "Free medical camp at Moti Jheel", "text": "KANPUR: People availed the services of doctors on the second day of four-day health camp being organized at Moti Jheel and Lajpat Bhawan by the Indian Medical Association, Kanpur branch on Friday.Citizens, who had visited the camp, witnessed street plays regarding health and asked questions related to their problems from experts in a chaupal.The blood bank of GSVM Medical College stall apprised the visitors about the benefits of blood donation while the staffers of Rama Dental College examined the teeth of the visitors.The second day's proceedings were inaugurated by mayor Ravindra Patni and special guest of IMA Dr Sharad Agarwal. Blood pressure, ECG, blood sugar, blood group , ENT and FNAC examinations were conducted free of cost.Dr RR Kasliwal and his team examined cardiac problems of patients at Lajpat Bhawan while Dr AN Jha and his team did neurological examination. Mamography facility was also available thereDr Hemant Singhal and Dr NP Gupta discussed breast cancer and BPH and prostrate cancer. In the evening, prominent singer Abhijeet presented a cultural programme. District judge OP Verma and IG Piyush Anand were the chief guests at the cultural evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500058", "title": "Shri Ram College of Commerce cutoff will not touch 100% this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: There will be no 100% cutoff this year at Shri Ram College of Commerce. The college has decided to change its cutoff formula for both the BCom (H) and BA economics (H) programmes in a way that the cutoffs will not touch the 100% mark. Last year, the cutoffs for category 'E' aspirants (without any commerce subjects in best of four in Class XII) touched a record high of 100% for the BCom (H) programme.Moreover, the new cutoff formula will also make it more challenging for aspirants from science and humanities stream to join the economics (H) course.SRCC offers two undergraduate honours courses, BCom (H) and BA economics (H). The cutoffs for the BCom (H) programme are prepared based on five categories - A, B, C, D, and E. The college has decided to reduce the 4% margin between category 'A' and 'E' to 2% this year, ensuring that the cutoff will not touch the 100% mark.Category 'A' aspirants are those who have four commerce subjects (accountancy, business studies, economics and mathematics) in the best of four, while category 'B' are those candidates who have three commerce subjects. Similarly categories 'C' and 'D' are those with two and one commerce subjects respectively in the best of four. Category 'E' aspirants don't have any commerce subjects in their best of fours subjects.Last year, category 'A' cutoff was 96%, making the cutoff for category 'E' 100%. \"We have reduced the maximum margin from 4% to 2%. Which means if category 'A' cutoff is 96% the category 'E' cutoff will be 98%. Nowadays colleges don't decide the cutoffs, it is the board and this time we may even get someone with 100%. But on paper, there will be no 100% cutoff,\" said SRCC principal P C Jain.The cutoff criteria for the BA economics (H) will see a change, making the cutoff for aspirants from science and humanities tougher. Last year, a 2% margin (advantage) was given to science aspirants, while the humanities candidates received 3% relaxation from against the cutoff for the aspirants from the commerce stream. This year, the margin has been reduced to 1%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13514910", "title": "Chinese woman detained for kidnapping Indian trader in Yiwu", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese woman has been detained at the commodity hub of Yiwu for kidnapping an Indian trader last week over a debt dispute, after the latter was rescued and sent back home.The woman surnamed Wang and her boyfriend had illegally detained Muhammad Danish Qureshi at Wang's home since last Monday, state-run news agency Xinhua reported quoting local police as saying.Police freed Qureshi, a \"purchaser working for an Indian businessman named Faisal from his illegal detention\" on May 23, the report said.He was reportedly picked from a restaurant on May 19. Qureshi was in good health, and he left the public security department after being questioned by police, the report said.Wang, 30 has been taken into police custody for illegally detaining the Indian following a debt dispute in Yiwu, it quoted local police as saying.The report said Faisal, who is in Mumbai owned considerable amount of money to her and had ignored her requests to pay back.In late 2009, Faisal hired Wang and one of her classmates to purchase goods in Yiwu, the world's largest wholesale market for small consumer goods.After Wang's attempts to contact Faisal via e-mail and phone went unanswered, she learnt that Qureshi had been sent to Yiwu by Faisal on March 9.She went to him for help in obtaining the money owed to her by Faisal, but received no response, and following this she and her aide abducted the Indian and called her boss asking for money, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501325", "title": "State Higher School Certificate result improves, but Amravati at bottom", "text": "NAGPUR: While girls once again stamped their supremacy over the HSC results on Friday, Nagpur division has probably produced the state topper second year in a row. Snehal Kose from Nevajabai Hitkarni Junior College in the little-known Brahmapuri town of Chandrapur district scored 98.16% to emerge as probable first in Maharashtra.Overall, the state has improved its performance by 2.32% as compared to last year. In fact, it is for first time that state has improved on its performance in last three years where it witnessed a downward trend. In 2011, pass percentage was 65.6%, 2010 was 72.2%, and 2009 was 78.4%.Even Nagpur division has marginally improved its performance by 1.8% in comparison to last year but maintained its infamy of finishing among bottom places. This time, however, it finished above Aurangabad and bottom-placed Amravati. Interestingly, Konkan division, created only in the last year, fared well in its first year by an impressive passing percentage of 83.23%. It is followed by Kolhapur (76.74%) and Pune (75.74). Since this is the last year of old syllabus, next year the results might see a drop as state board has upgraded its curriculum at par with CBSE.Last year, Saylee Pathak of Shivaji Science College from Nagpur secured 97.67% to top the state. Kose is closely followed by Aditi Dhamgaye of Janata Mahavidyalaya, Chandrapur. She got 97.33%. Rasika Chaudhari of Jankidevi College of Science in Wardha with 97% (582/600) is third. The first two probable candidates are from Scheduled Caste who have also topped reserved category. Akansha Meshram from Nevjabai Junior College, Brahmapuri, in Chandrapur, secured fourth position at 96.83% (581/600). In Nagpur city, Minal Sonune from Shivaji Science College secured top position and overall fifth one by scoring 96.33% (578/600).Rahul Bajaj from Dr Ambedkar College in the city has achieved a rare success of scoring an impressive 95% in commerce faculty despite being blind. Academicians say it is an extremely rare achievement to score 94% in commerce and that too after suffering from a disability. He might have also topped the state in commerce stream. In the division, Gondia which was infamous for largest number of copying cases, just like last year, has again topped among five other districts.In other development, Latur has improved its performance in comparison to last two years where it finished at bottom of the ladder after bagging top slot for many years, thanks to board's campaign against malpractices. After a pass percentage of 46.35 and 44.81 in 2011 and 2010 respectively, Latur managed to secure 66% success rate this year, 20% better than last year.Again, the freshers' pass percentage is better than those of repeaters, while girls have continued to outshine boys. The girls passing percentage is 79.66 as much as 9% better than 70.32% of boys. Overall, 11.4 lakh candidates appeared in this year's HSC exam of which 8.51 lakh managed to clear it. Of them, 58,774 secured distinction, 2.32 lakh cleared in first class, 4.35 lakh in second class and 1.24 lakh in third grade.The board's strict drive against malpractices has resulted in bringing down the number of cases from 4,435 to 2,652 this year. Latur, Amravati and Aurangabad, which fared badly last year, have done really well this time round despite finishing at the bottom, Amravati division also improved its overall performance by 10% as compared to last year. State education minister Rajendra Darda attributed the success in overall results to board's initiative to announce the exam timetable a year in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499729", "title": "Indian Wrestling Grand Prix: Narsingh, Nitin settle for silver", "text": "NEW DELHI: With leading names like Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt missing from the first edition of Hari Ram Indian Wrestling Grand Prix, it was left to Narsingh Yadav to open India's medal tally with a silver.Narsingh lost 1-4 to Iran's Hosseinkhani in the final of the 74kg category.Narshingh, who is the lone Olympic-bound grappler from India in the event, said the tournament had given him an idea about his level of preparation.\"I'll get to work on my weak areas and will do whatever it takes to put up my best show in London,\" Narsingh said.When asked if thoughts of getting injured ahead of the Olympics ever crossed his mind, the Uttar Pradesh grappler said: \"Sometimes we get injured away from the ring also, so I never miss a tournament worrying about injury. Participating in competitions is important as you constantly improve on the techniques. I have taken part in five-six competitions in a short span. Now I will take some rest,\" he added.Another Indian wrestler in fray was 21-year-old Nitin (55kg) who also had to be content with silver as his Georgian opponent Gochashvili got better of him 1-2. In the same weight category, Vinod Kumar settled for a joint bronze with Mongolia's Batbold.Meanwhile, Indian women failed to make an impact as Kavita (48kg) and Rachna (55kg) lost their respective bronze-medal bouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13505020", "title": "Youth ends life after harassment by private moneylenders", "text": "INDORE: Unable to bear the alleged threat by private money lenders that they would abduct his mother if he did not repay the money that he borrowed from them, a 21-year-old youth ended his life by consuming some poisonous substance at his home in the city on Friday.The deceased had been identified as Rahul Dheeman, son of Ghanshyam Dheeman, who ended his life at his Savind Nagar home, left a suicide note in which he alleged that the money lenders were putting pressure on him to repay the loan or else they would abduct his mother. The accused also allegedly threatened to subject his mother to ill-treatment if hey delayed the repayment of the loan.Rahul was living with his mother and younger brother. His two elder sisters are married.In the afternoon when his family members noticed his deteriorating health and rushed him to local private hospital, where he died while undergoing treatment, said police.He reportedly had written that one Sunny had threatened to abduct his mother, if he failed to repay the money on Friday itself. He had borrowed Rs 11,500 from Sunny and had returned it but the accused was asking for more. \"I also borrowed Rs 6,000 from Kailash and he was asking Rs 25,000,\" his suicide note stated. Rahul mentioned one Golu, who was demanding money from him, despite of the fact that he has borrowed a single penny from him.\"I want to save my mother from any problem. So, I am taking this extreme step,\" he wrote.Police sent the body to MY Hospital for post-mortem. Police said that the deceased family members do not know the people mentioned in suicide note. Police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499959", "title": "CBI questions Jaganmohan Reddy for 8 hrs", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress chief Jagan Mohan Reddy was questioned by CBI sleuths for nearly eight hours on Friday, with agency sources saying his quizzing will continue on Saturday. A tired looking Jagan emerged from the CBI office around 6:45pm and told waiting reporters, \"I was asked for clarifications. I gave them clarifications. I've been asked to come tomorrow.\"Jagan also turned the moment into a show of strength, ensuring three senior political leaders called on him just as he was to enter Dilkusha guest house, the makeshift CBI office. Former TDP Rajya Sabha MP M V Mysura Reddy, Congress MP from Anakapalli Sabbam Hari and ruling party MLA from Eluru Alla Nani got considerable media attention for their timing to switch loyalties.Although not much is known about what transpired inside the CBI office, it's believed that Jagan revealed little, frustrating the interrogators. Sources said CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana questioned Jagan, while other teams quizzed former excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, industrialist and promoter of Vanpic, Nimmagadda Prasad and bureaucrat K V Brahmananda Reddy. Vanpic deal involves allegedly illegal transfer of 23,000 acres of land to build a private port.Contrary to earlier indications, the four were not questioned jointly. However, such a confrontation may happen on Saturday, said the sources. The questioning was limited to, apart from the Vanpic deal, to land allotments and issuance of government orders by the YSR regime and investments into Jagan's companies by the promoter. Jagan said he knew nothing about the deal and if the promoter had invested in his venture, it was because the latter found business sense to do so.CBI sources did not confirm whether Jagan would be arrested after questioning on Saturday. \"At this stage, all we can say is he would be questioned extensively on Saturday,\" an official said, adding, there was a chance that the matter would be left to CBI principal special judge A Pullaiah. The YSR Congress chief will appear before the judge on May 28 in response to court summons in the assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13519549", "title": "22-year-old carpenter held for raping 8-year-old in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a 22-year-old carpenter on charges of raping an eight-year-old girl at Valasaravakkam in Chennai on Friday.The man, Mani, assaulted the girl on Friday afternoon when she was alone at her house. When the child cried out loud, Mani ran out. The girl later complained to her parents when they returned home at 9pm on Friday. They informed the neighbours. Angered, local residents bashed up Mani before handing him over to the police. He is now undergoing treatment in a government hospital.The girl, now admitted to the Institute of Child Health in Egmore, lives on the first floor of a building, where the accused lives on the second floor. The girl's parents work with a private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13499920", "title": "Norms for water supply through tankers relaxed", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of drought in many districts, the state government has relaxed the norms for use of tankers for water supply in scarcity hit towns and villages. Norms for supply of fodder to cattle have also been eased. The revenue ministry decided these measures on Friday to address the scarcity situation.On May 16, revenue ministry had directed district collectors to fix the number of tankers needed on the basis of 2011 census instead of 2001 census data so the numbers went up. An revenue official said divisional commissioners had been empowered to decide on use of water tankers in water shortage hit A and B class municipal councils on the basis of reports submitted by district collectors. They would have to ensure that minimum per capita availability of water at 50 litres per day.The district collectors would also have to ensure that a resident of water scarcity hit C class municipal councils got minimum 30 litres per day. The collectors would have to consider peri-urban areas as part of municipal council areas while deciding the number of tankers for supplying water. The tankers for these areas should be deployed by May 27, the official further said.The collectors have been asked to give powers to tehsildars to decide on water supply by tankers in villages that have paisewari of over 50 paise but are facing water shortage. The decision should be taken immediately, the revenue ministry directed.While counting the population of a village, the clusters within 1.5 km of the gaothan (village) limits would have to be considered. The population of such clusters should be minimum 50. The expenditure limit for diesel pump fitted on tankers has been increased from Rs 100 to Rs 300 per day.In view of fodder scarcity for livestock, government has allowed villages to start fodder depots adjacent to animal pens. Earlier, only one fodder depot was allowed in a panchayat samiti area but now if there is a demand to set up another big depot, the same would be allowed.If there was a demand for fodder in villages having paisewari more than 50 paise then they should be provided the same on lines of drought hit villages, the official further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13520414", "title": "Taj corridor case: FIR against former cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: An FIR has been lodged against former cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh, senior IAS officer Navneet Sehgal and two others for allegedly threatening a litigant in the Taj corridor case.\"The FIR was lodged with Hazratganj Police Station against former cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh, Navneet Sehgal, founder of Amity University Ashok Chauhan and former MLA Ajay Pratap Singh alias Lalla Bhaiya on a complaint filed by Anupama Singh,\" Additional Superintendent of Police Rajesh Kumar said.He said the FIR was lodged last evening under sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 504 (criminal intimidation), 507 (criminal intimidation by an anonymous communication) and 452 (trespassing) of the IPC. The ASP said the complainant has alleged that she was being harassed by the accused.\"As the case related to Gomti Nagar police station, investigation has been transferred and further action would be taken on the basis of evidences and facts,\" he said.Anupama said that she had filed a PIL against former Chief Minister Mayawati and PWD Minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui in the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court in 2009.The complainant alleged she was being harassed by the officials, who even got her services in a private educational institution terminated.Anupama alleged that her service with Amity university was also terminated without any valid reason on May 16.She alleged that on March 22 and April 11 former MLA Ajay Pratap Singh came to her Gomti Nagar residence along with 30 to 40 people and pressurised to withdraw the PIL while issuing threats.The Rs 175-crore Taj Heritage corridor scam was unearthed in 2002-2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13504316", "title": "Globetrotter's bicycle diaries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A journey that began on April 2011 on a bicycle - cutting through 17 countries, covering 19,000 km and involving exactly 200 days of cycling - took its much deserved pause in the city. For Amdavadis' delight, globetrotter Gavin Moles is displaying his bicycle diaries, a series of sketches and photographs.The UK-born Moles began his journey from southern France, where he had been living for seven years. Having pedalled through the UK, Germany, Belgium, Luxemburg , Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia, Greece, Montenegro, Albania; in Turkey , the 10-kg lighter Moles directed his path to India. The only break in this expedition was when, owing to the Indo-Pak border conditions, he had to fly from Dubai to India.The two companions on this soul-searching expedition, are his bike and his blog - where all his adventures are chronicled. \"Wherever I halt, I set up a tent and cook with what I buy at the local market. Travelling is about experiencing people - the borders, cultures, rituals and even cuisines,\" says Moles who travels with a cooker, tent, sleeping bag and likes sleeping under the stars.Moles has captured the essence of these experiences with ink and charcoal in his sketches and photographs. The works also become prized mementos of moving memories - like, one of his recent sketches of a tribal dance he witnessed in Nepal . This was a community with which Moles developed a deep bond in spite of the short duration of contact.Here, he came in contact with 'Hamro Chahana Nepal'- a development organization working for the underprivileged. So inspired he was from their attempts that he decided that to give the proceeds from the three-day exhibition to them.Ahmedabad is his brief halt after a four-month cycle trotting along the western coast of the country - right from Rajasthan to Kerala. \"Gujarat is very warm and welcoming. Even the roads here are good, but the culture of cycling seems to be missing,\" says Moles. He now wish to continue farther to Mayanmar, Thailand, Korea. \"After every mountain climbed, there is always another one that can be seen from the top tempting us to go further, but not every mountain has to be climbed to know how high it is.\"The exhibition 'Art of Giving' will be open till May 27 at Blossom Gallery near Judges Bungalow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13505245", "title": "Ten hurt as two families clash", "text": "INDORE: Tension prevailed for a while in Chandan Nagar area on Thursday night when clash between members of two families over the issue of using public roads turned violent. About ten persons were injured in the incident, which took place at around 10.30 pm in Govardhan Nagar.While one of the families was busy in a ceremony related to its grandchildren, marriage function was scheduled at another family. When the baratis arrived, there erupted a scuffle over the use of common public road. Both the group members got engaged in verbal duel and ultimately started started pelting stones on each other. As many as 10 persons sustained injuried. It took more tha half-an-hour for the force of three police stations including Chandan Nagar, Annapurna and Chhatripura to bring the situation under control. The police team was led by ASP Rakesh Singh and other senior officials. Chandan Nagar police filed complaint against Sheikh Mehboob, Ramjaan, Anwar, Shakil, Naieem, Imran, Santosh, Nathulal, Inder, Dinesh, Mehandra and Radheshyam. The injured were taken to MY Hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13523873", "title": "Shahrukh Khan pleads guilty in smoking case, ready to pay fine", "text": "Pleading guilty, Bollywood actor Shahrukh Khan today sought exemption from personal appearance in a court here in a case related to smoking in public at a stadium here during an IPL match and expressed willingness to pay fine.Khan, co-owner of Kolkata Knight Riders , was summoned by the court of Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate on a complaint that he was seen smoking on April 8 during a match between his team and Rajasthan Royals.Khan's counsel V R Bajva represented him in the ACJM court and pleaded guilty on his behalf.He said the matter was a \"petty affair\" and moved an application seeking exemption from personal presence of his client in the case but the same was objected by the counsel of the petitioner.After hearing both the sides, magistrate Shilpa Sameer posted the matter for June 21.Khan is not required to remain present on the next hearing.The court, after taking cognisance of the complaint, had on April 26 issued summon to Khan directing him to appear before it.The complaint was filed by owner of a private cricket academy.In his complaint, Anand Singh , who runs the Jaipur Cricket Academy, had sought action against Khan under section 5/11 of Rajasthan Prohibition of Smoking Act, 2000, which prohibits smoking at a public place.Singh filed the complaint on April 9. He said that pictures of Khan puffing away were published in newspapers the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13505006", "title": "Student commits suicide fearing failure in higher secondary certificate exam", "text": "PUNE: An 18-year-old student, who had appeared for the February-March 2012 higher secondary certificate (std XII) examination, allegedly committed suicide on Friday fearing failure.The incident took place around 11am on Friday, just two hours before the HSC results were declared.Senior police inspector with the Sangvi police Shantaram Tayade said, on Friday morning, Aditya Arun Kamble was at home in Vinayaknagar, Pimple Gurav, with his mother and younger brother. \"Around 10.30am, Aditya went to the bedroom and bolted the door from inside,\" Tayade said.After some time, when Aditya's brother found his brother was not responding, he informed their mother.\"Aditya's mother also called out to him but did not get any response. She then informed the neighbours who broke opened the door and found Aditya hanging from the ceiling with a sari tied around his neck,\" Tayade said.Tayade said Aditya was shifted to a nearby hospital, but was declared dead on arrival.The investigating officer, R U Jadhav, said the police then checked Aditya's result on the internet. \"Aditya had failed in one subject,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said Aditya was studying in a junior college at Shivajinagar. His father is an officer at Mahatma Phule Agricultural University in Rahuri. His mother is a housewife. \"We have registered a case of accidental death,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "udham singh nagar", "code": "13507368", "title": "A Fathers' Day to remember", "text": "UDHAM SINGH NAGAR: William Wordsworth had once famously remarked, \"Father! - To God himself we cannot give a holier name.\" With a similar thought in mind, tiny tots of Penguin Castle Pre-school on Friday participated in a special activity dedicated to their fathers just as they get ready for their summer break.Students of nursery and pre-nursery classes made cards for their fathers and also planned gifts for them on Father's Day, which falls on June 17.Kamal Preet Kaur, director of Penguin Castle, said, \"The role of fathers is no less significant than mothers and they deserve same gratitude and importance from children.\"While Arpit Mann of nursery class could not wait to give a handmade card to her dad, Aarna Mahey is so attached to her father that she gets restless when she doesn't see her father for sometime. There were also Nayant, Angad and Srishti from pre-nursery for whom their \"dad is the best\".Others who were equally enthusiastic in showing their love for their dads were Samayra, Namya, Hanu Chawla, Gurnaksh Kaur, Devesh, Joanna, Lavanya Singla and Homika from nursery and Ustat, Aanya Gupta, Jigar Bajwa, Aarna Bakshi, Sehaj Jot, Parth, Siya, Noor, Khushmann, Manmeet, Aaradhana, Sanchit and Varun from pre-nursery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13501440", "title": "New Madurai civic chief promises action", "text": "MADURAI: R Nandagopal took charge as the new commissioner for Madurai city corporation on Friday after the corporation had been functioning without a commissioner for five months.After S Natarajan retired on December 31, 2011, the corporation was left headless. Officials holding additional charge managed the position in the interregnum. First, it was the regional director for municipal administration P S Soundararajan, but after he retired, N Arumuga Nainar, an assistant commissioner in the corporation, was holding charge. Works in the corporation have been greatly affected without a commissioner and the issue was discussed many times during the corporation council meetings as well as in the media.Nandagopal earlier worked as special officer for Alanganallur National Cooperative Sugar Mills and prior to that he had served as special officer to the senior regional manager of TASMAC in Madurai. Now with a commissioner after five months, regular works in the corporation are expected to kick-start as people have for long been complaining of poor facilities. On taking charge, Nandagopal said he would work towards creating a cleaner Madurai. Garbage clearance and other sanitation measures would be given importance and infrastructure works for the extension areas would be given a special thrust. \"Measures will be taken on a war footing in providing basic amenities to annexed areas. We will also work on the Cauvery Joint Drinking Water Scheme to provide drinking water to these areas,\" he said. When asked about the dengue-control measures in the city, the commissioner said fogging and anti-larval operations were being carried out in full swing.CPM councillor M Chellam said the commissioner had a lot to do in the corporation as no works were proceeding in any wards at present. \"The discrepancies in taxation such as property tax and Under Ground Drainage (UGD) tax should be rectified. Besides, the revenue sources to the corporation should be revamped and outstanding revenue which runs into crores of rupees should be realised without delay. Without adequate staff and infrastructure, the corporation is handicapped in solid waste management, sanitation works and infrastructure development. The new commissioner should act quickly on these issues and seek more funds and staff for the corporation,\" she said. AIADMK councillor for ward 65, K Jayakumar, said a lot needed to be done in the extension areas. \"Newly annexed areas should be provided with basic infrastructure such as drinking water, UGD and street lights. The revenue generation in the corporation should be revisited,\" he said. \"With the new commissioner in place, we hope work will proceed in a smooth manner under the guidance of the mayor,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13514099", "title": "Kuku Surendran becomes Subil", "text": "Actresses changing their names is nothing new but seldom do directors change their names. However, director Kukku Surendran is set to change that trend. He has gone for a name change and will now be known as Subil. \"My official name is Subil Surendran and Kukku is my pet name. There are so many Kukku's now and I think it's high time that I use my official name,\" says the director. He has decided to change his name for his next, Ente Sathyaneshana Pareekshakal.\"Another reason is because my father asked me to use my original name. I know it will take time for people to get used to it,\" shares Subil .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499482", "title": "MP, MLA\u2019s pep talk with Jagan irks Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what appears to have been an orchestrated campaign to hit back at his detractors hours before Jaganmohan Reddy faced CBI questioning, Anakapalli Congress MP Sabbam Hari, Eluru MLA Alla Nani and TDP former Rajya Sabha MP M V Mysura Reddy called on the YSR Congress president and pledged their loyalty to him.Mysura Reddy, who was reportedly unhappy with TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu for having denied him a second term as Rajya Sabha member, switched loyalties to Jagan. Interestingly, Mysura Reddy had contested against Jagan in the Kadapa Lok Sabha bypoll and lost by a huge margin.A former home minister in the Kotla Vijaya Bhaskar Reddy cabinet, Mysura was an arch rival of Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and it was because of the latter that he had quit the Congress and joined the TDP. He had helped the TDP release a report on YSR titled \"Raja of Corruption\" in 2006. Jagan had a breakfast meeting with Mysura Reddy and later, the TDP leader announced that he had joined the YSR Congress. The TDP lost no time in suspending him from the party.Meanwhile, Congress announced that it would initiate disciplinary action against MP Sabbam Hari and MLA Nani for meeting Jagan. Talking to the media, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana said he would write to AICC to take action against Hari and issue notice to Nani for accompanying Jagan to the Dilkusha guesthouse where the latter was quizzed by the CBI.Earlier in the morning, chief minister N Kiran Kuamr Reddy drove down to the minister's quarters in Banjara Hills and commiserated with the wife of former excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana who was arrested by the CBI in the Jagan assets case on Thursday.Meanwhile, the guessing game continued over the fate of the five other ministers who are under the CBI scanner in the Jagan assets case. On Friday, IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah took part in a curtain raiser of the second edition of the annual IT summit - Advantage AP2012, while ministers Dharmana Prasada Rao and Kanna kept themselves occupied with bypoll campaigning. However, home minister Sabita Indra Reddy and major industries minister J Geeta Reddy kept a low profile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501684", "title": "Masked men commit dacoity at sub-inspector's house", "text": "PATNA: Over a dozen masked armed criminals entered the house of a sub-inspector (SI), Special Branch, Patna, Madan Pandey at Birla Colony under the Phulwarisharif police station area and looted Rs 70,000 in cash besides some gold ornaments.Pandey said the incident took place at around 1pm when his wife was alone in the house. The criminals ransacked the entire house. The SI said he had lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned.Phulwarisharif police station SHO NK Rajak attributed the incident to a land dispute between Pandey and a builder. Before leaving, the intruders locked the house. The SHO said three persons had been detained in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13501093", "title": "Now, schemes to remind taluka officials about skewed sex ratio", "text": "NASHIK: Taking a step further in raising awareness against female foeticide, the district health office ( DHO) is planning to introduce schemes for welcoming girl childs in hospitals and shemes to remind elected representatives about the number of females per 1000 males in their respective talukas.Having presented a skit against female foeticide in the first general meeting of the newly elected members of Zilla Parishad (ZP), the health office drew the attention of the House towards the subject of 'honouring the girl child'. It has decided to put up the statistics before every meeting- be it general body meetings, standing committee meetings or panchayat samiti meetings.\"Soon we will propose the in the House that in every meeting the first issue to be discussed should be about the number of girl children born during the intersession period. Through this we will be able to sensitize authorities and officials of areas where the situation is dwindling,\" district health officer Dr Yogesh Sale said.\"The figures point out that the there are ceratin pockets where the administration has to take steps. Even the public health centres displaying boards about the ratio will draw the attention of those who visit the centre. The warning regarding prenatal sex determination tests and the termination of pregnancies displayed along with the same will make a difference,\" added Dr Sale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13504381", "title": "Match made in heaven, but no saas-bahu drama", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Call it an attempt to thwart any saas-bahu drama in real life, but Gujarati-American men look at their potential wife's compatibility with her mother-in-law as high priority rather than their own companionship.Gujarati eligibles in the Indian-American community prefer wives who 'get along with', 'respect' the man's mother, are willing to compromise and care for their new family. These revelations are made in a book, which was released in February 2012. In contrast, globalization seems to have more influence on Gujarati women in the US, as they prefer men who they can share a 'chemistry' and 'true friendship' with.In spite of being born and raised in the US, many non-resident Gujarati men are still mama's boys when it comes to choosing their life partners, says the book Gujarati Communities Across The Globe edited by Sharmina Mawani and Anjoom Mukadam, both lecturers at the Institute of Ismaili Studies, London. Sheena Raja, the author of a chapter in the book and a lecturer in history at Montclair State University , carried out a study through Smitaben Patel, a matchmaker and a US citizen from Gujarat. In every biodata Patel received, the mothers had communicated her specific preferences regarding her son's potential wife, in so far as detailing a desired physique and domestic capabilities.While the male candidates explicitly mentioned their mothers in the bio-data, whereas female candidates underscored their relationship with their immediate family, says the study. The matchmaker revealed that candidates disclosed complexion preferences verbally rather than in writing for fear of being thought narrow-minded and superficial.The chapter, A Match Made in Heaven: A Study of Changing Hindu Marriage Practices Amongst Gujarati Eligibles, explores the cultural exposure that has transformed the arranged Hindu marriage to an emerging practice known as 'parent-assisted' marriage among the Indian-American community. However, the study indicates that globalization is generally more influential for the female conception of Hindu marriage because the Indian-American women commonly embraced Western concepts of romanticism, companionship, autonomy and egalitarianism. The male conception of marriage displayed stronger hues of traditional family forms and gender roles with subtle hints of romanticism and companionship.The book says that though parent-assisted marriage practices for non-resident Gujaratis are giving veto power to children, they are not entirely autonomous like dating practices in the West. Parents, part of the study in the book, sometimes exhibited themselves as mouth pieces for their children, initiating phone calls to the matchmaker and attending first meetings meant for their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13503104", "title": "Shukkoor murder case: HC denies bail to accused", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday denied bail to P Rajeevan, the 13th accused in the murder of Muslim League activist Abdul Shukkoor.Justice N K Balakrishnan denied bail to Rajeevan after the prosecution pointed out that he had been identified by a witness as part of the mob that kidnapped Shukkoor before murdering him.The 10th accused in the case, Kerala Fire and Rescue Services employee P K Ajith Kumar, was granted bail by the court as he had served 90 days in jail, which is the maximum number of days a person can be detained without filing a chargesheet.Bail applications by six more accused in the murder, which was termed by the media as 'party killing', are pending before the high court.Meanwhile, amidst the demand by the Indian Union Muslim League to hand over the probe to the CBI, three more people were arrested on Friday night. They are being questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13504753", "title": "Not many dare to take a dip from this ghat", "text": "VARANASI: With a long crevice bifurcating the concrete steps of Tripura Bhairavi Ghat, it comes as no surprise when devoutees prefer the neighbouring Mir Ghat for a holy dip in the Ganga. The spacious Tripura Bhairavi Ghat, instead, wears a deserted look, lying in filthy condition with broken stepped embankments, enough to cause difficulty for the visitors and local residents, who perform the ritual daily on the ghat.When TOI visited the ghat on Friday, the entire stretch of embankment of the ghat was found to be laden with jalkumbhi (watercress). While stray animals, including dogs, were feasting upon leftovers and remains of dead fish, the adjacent area was also filthy with garbage, including rotten flowers and garlands, scattered along with plastic bags near the embankment. If that was not enough, the area near the washroom (it was a common washroom for Tripura Bhairavi and Mir Ghat) was filled with silt and garbage that also covered the stairs of stepped embankments. Similarly, debris of broken old structures, including stone slabs and wooden pieces, were dumped in a corner of the washroom.\"The ghat has mythological significance and is blessed with temples of Tripura Bhairavi and another shrine of Varahi, one of the nine Mother-Goddesses. It used to be a prominent ghat for taking a holy dip in the Ganga, but due to pathetic condition of its embankments, most of the devotees and local residents turn towards neighbouring Mir Ghat. Another problem is that the door of the washroom opens towards Mir Ghat, making it difficult for women devotees to take a bath in the Ganga,\" said Ajay Tripathi, one of the priests of the temple on the ghat.While coming down the concrete stairs from the temples, the long series of steps were found to be laden with algae, making them slippery and accident-prone. In addition, the unstopped flow of water, including discharge of drains, was making the place dirty, not fit for taking a dip.\"There has been no effort to restore and strengthen the ghat for a long time and the condition of the stairs and platforms have gone from bad to worse. One can easily find craters and crevices in these steps and the spate of rising and receding Ganga has already taken heavy toll on the concrete structures. If urgent measures are not taken, the stairs would collapse,\" said Jeevan Majhi, one of the local boatmen.The walls of the structures on the ghat had already started to show signs of wear and tear with cow dung cakes pasted on them. Besides, the debris of broken pieces of wooden boats, decomposition of mud and silt along with filthy conditions were robbing the place of its sheen and attraction. Local boatmen were only describing the significance of the ghat and not daring to take the visitors down on the ghat.Significance of Tripura Bhairavi GhatThis ghat is named after the Tripura Bhairavi Shrine, a female partner of Tripuresvara whose image also exists there. Another important shrine is of Varahi, one of the nine Mother-Goddesses. In late 18th century, King of Banaras and Pt Mayananda Giri had patronized and made this ghat of concrete. According to mythology, the Tripura Bhairavi was the female partner of Tripureswara, who was created to end the terror of demon Bhasmasur. The demon was blessed with a boon to end the life of person that comes in contact. When the demon tried to end the life of Lord Shiva, who had blessed him with the boon, Lord Vishnu took the form of beautiful woman who made Bhasmasur dance by keeping the hand over the head, The demon was killed and the images of Tripura Bhairavi still existed on the ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13504171", "title": "Accountant's tryst with sports", "text": "His passion for sports makes him pool in his resources and time to encourage sportspersons.C K Muralidharan, senior accountant in Bharath Earth Movers Ltd (BEML, Mysore) has been promoting sports in the city for the past two decades. Muralidharan, 50, has taken up sports as a hobby. To provide better coaching facilities for budding chess players, he and Mysore District Chess Association teamed up to open Professional Chess Academy.Being a good cricketer, Muralidharan had represented Bangalore University (where he did BCom), and later went on to land a job under sports quota. Muralidharan, who was in Bangalore, got transferred to Mysore in 1993. Ever since, he has been contributing to the cause of sports by encouraging promising sportspersons.Muralidharan is also the selection committee chairman for junior boys (U-14 and U-16) Mysore zone cricket team. \"In spite of being a cricketer, I want other sports to get their due,\" said Muralidharan, who has now graduated from being a spectator of sporting events to sports writer.To keep sportspersons updated about the latest in the field, Muralidharan launched a website. \"Those who are away from Mysore can also know what's happening in the city by visiting the webpage,\" Muralidharan said. During cricket and football world cup, with help from the respective associations, he launched the website to give updates on the games. He also worked on five projects with award-winning photographer Tomas Gudzowaty and co-ordinated his projects in India. Muralidharan, a native of Coimbatore, has been awarded by various associations.\"In the days to come, we will go to rural places and identify the talent to provide them coaching. The talent is not limited to urbanites,\" he said, adding that rural areas have abundance talent. He also helps the needy sportspersons who are deprived of basic facilities.\"My parents C S Krishnan and Savithri Krishnan are my inspiration,\" said Muralidharan, who is married to Uma.Their son C M Kiran is pursuing an engineering course, while daughter C M Swetha is in Std V.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13515570", "title": "Now, a device to communicate with dolphins", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have developed a new dolphin speaker device which they say could help one talk with these remarkably intelligent mammals.Dolphins live in a world of sound far beyond our own. They can distinguish very small differences in the pitches of sound waves and can hear, and generate low-frequency sounds below 20 khz, as well as high-frequency sounds of over 150 khz, which is well beyond the range of human hearing.In addition, they produce special sounds to communicate with others and to scan their surroundings and prey in the dark sea (called echolocation).Acoustic research of dolphins to date has mostly focused on recording their sounds and measuring their hearing skills. Few audio playback experiments have been attempted, since it's difficult to find speakers that can project from a wide range of low to high frequencies like dolphins do.Now, scientists in Japan have devised a prototype dolphin speaker that can project the full range of all of the sounds the mammals make -- from those used in communication to echolocation clicks.To develop the device, the researchers used piezoelectric components that convert electricity into physical movement and vice versa. These components were capable of broadcasting both high-frequency and low-frequency sounds. They precisely tailored the sizes of these components and the acrylic disk to create an extremely broad range of sounds.\"I am happy if we can communicate with dolphins using the dolphin speaker,\" lead researcher Yuka Mishima of the Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology told LiveScience.The dolphin speaker, which was developed just a few weeks ago, has not been tested yet. Mishima and colleagues plan to work with such scientists using the new speaker.The idea is to broadcast specific series of vocalisations and then record the responses; over time, this back and forth could someday both reveal what dolphins are \"saying\" and allow possible human-dolphin communication, the researchers detailed at Acoustical Society of America meeting in Hong Kong.\"We know very little about how dolphins classify their own sounds -- we need more perceptual studies to find out, and this equipment may help us do that,\" said Heidi Harley of New College of Florida in Sarasota who wasn't involved in the new research.As to whether or not this invention could one day result in a human-dolphin translator device, \"I think we have a lot to learn about dolphin vocalisations -- their productions are complex,\" Harley said.\"There is still a lot of basic perceptual and acoustic analysis that needs to be done before we can make strong claims about how dolphins are using their vocalisations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501678", "title": "Lucknow to elect new mayor on June 24", "text": "LUCKNOW: Citizens of Lucknow, Kanpur and Varanasi will vote on Sunday, June 24, to elect their mayor, while mayoral elections in Allahabad, Gorakhpur and Agra will be held on June 27. A notification to this effect was issued by the state election commission on Friday. With this, the model code of conduct also comes into effect. The commission also announced that the local bodies elections will be held in four phases as against the normal practice of three-phase.Speaking to reporters, state election commissioner Satish Kumar Agarwal said that the elections will be held on June 24, June 27, July 1 and July 4. Mayoral elections for Aligarh will be held on July 1, while people of Jhansi and Ghaziabad will elect their mayor on July 4. Counting will be held on July 7.This is the first time that elections for nagar palika parishads, nagar panchayats and municipal corporations are held simultaneously. Earlier the state election commission has been holding the local bodies' elections in three phases -- one phase each for 194 nagar palikas, 423 nagar panchayats and 13 municipal corporations. The commission was of the view that the method will allow bringing in all logistics together in the districts where the local bodies' elections will be held. The districts have been chosen in such a way that they come under direct control of respective divisional commissioners who will be in a position to place security and other related logistic measures. This way, while the first phase will see 18 districts going to polls, voting will be held in 17 districts in the second phase. The third and fourth phase will cover 20 and 17 districts respectively.The commission, however, deferred to issue notification for Kannauj, Rama Bai Nagar and Auraiyya Nagar Palika parishads , which come under Kannauj where Lok Sabha bypoll is likely to take place on June 26. The seat fell vacant following the resignation of its sitting MP Akhilesh Yadav , who became UP's chief minister and later opted for legislative council. Agarwal said that the notification for the three cities will be issued after the date for the by-poll is announced.The commission also announced voting time to be increased by one hour. People will be able to vote from 7.00 am to 6.00 pm. However, districts falling under Bundelkhand and naxal belt will have voting from 6.30 am to 5.30 pm. \"The change in timing for Bundelkhand has been done, keeping in view the weather conditions.\"The commission also said that it will be keeping a close watch on the state's Budget session that is scheduled to begin on May 28. With the implementation of the model code of conduct, the state government will not be able to announce any sops, essentially pertaining to urban development.\"The commission will also be closely monitoring the publicity materials that political parties will be using. For this, a committee comprising, chief development officer, assistant superintendent of police, sub-divisional magistrate and an assistant information officer will be constituted in each district. Anything that spreads hatred has been strictly prohibited,\" Agarwal said.The commission has also decided to put in place special security measures in districts bordering other states. People who do not belong to the district will be asked to leave the place 48 hours before the voting starts. Agarwal said that officials have been instructed to see that people move into their respective local bodies and cast their vote. \"The commission is committed to ensure that no notorious element disturbs the free and fair conduct of local bodies' elections,\" the state election commissioner said.The Supreme Court had asked both the state election commission and the state government to issue the notification for local bodies' elections, latest by May 31. Earlier the state government has been deferring the local bodies on various accounts, despite high court order, which had first asked the state government to issue a notification in November last year. While Mayawati government was not in favour of local bodies elections because of the ensuing assembly elections, the Samajwadi Party after its landslide victory, did not want the local bodies elections to be conduct on a reservation system set by the Mayawati government. In fact, it completely changed the reservation of seats for mayoral seats, although it retained the reservation pattern for the corporators' election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13505841", "title": "University senate search panel member elected", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Saravanakumar, professor at Cumban College of Arts and Science, won a place in the search committee for the vice-chancellor of Bharathiyar University, on Friday with 114 votes.Saravanakumar was the nominee of the senate and soon the government nominee will also be elected. Last week, syndicate members of the search committee were elected.N Senthamarai, who won 65 votes, was the main opponent, but she lost.The total number of votes polled was 183, out of which four votes were invalid. The election began at 10.30am and the results were announced at nearly 5pm.Once the search committee with nominees from syndicate, senate and government sides are formed, the VC will be elected. There are 262 members to the senate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13501691", "title": "Reserve Bank of India prohibits 25 co-operative banks from accepting fresh deposits", "text": "The Reserve Bank of India has issued certain directions to 25 District Central Co-Operative Banks in UP prohibiting them from accepting fresh deposits in order to protect the interest of the existing as well as future depositors of the bank. According to deputy general manager of the RBI HK Soni the directions have been issued to district central cooperative banks at Aligarh, Allahabad, Azamgarh, Bahraich, Ballia, Barabanki, Basti, Deoria, Faizabad, Farrukhabad (Fatehgarh), Fatehpur, Ghazipur, Gorakhpur, Hardoi, Jaunpur, Kanpur, Lucknow, Mau, Pratapgarh, Rae Bareli, Siddharthnagar, Sitapur, Sultanpur, Unnao and Varanasi.Delegation requests sports academy for disabled: A delegation of Confederation of Indian Tiny and Village Industry will be meet joint secretary, information technology, on May 29 and also director general, Sports Authority of India the same day requesting them to set up Sports Academy in UP for the disabled persons.13 students score perfect 10: As many as 13 students of City International (Day Boarding) School, Indira Nagar, Lucknow who took the examination secured A+ grade in all their subjects while one third of them secured above 90% marks. It is to be noted that on the basis of grade, as many as 7 students topped the school merit list with 10 CGPA points. Sunita Gandhi, founder-director of City International School said that this year, 34 students appeared for the Class X CBSE Board Exams and all of them passed in first division.Priyank tops in SRMPS: Priyank Jain, a student of Shri Ramswaroop Memorial Public School, Lucknow, did the school proud by scoring a grade point of 10 in CBSE Class X Examination--2012. Priyank is an all rounder who has won several awards in competitions as well.Three SKD students secure CGPA 10: The results of AISSE 2011-2012 first batch of SKD Academy, Vikrant Khand, Gomti Nagar is 100%. Three students secured 10 CGPA and two students secured 9.8 CGPA.Customers' meet held: Syndicate Bank, Gomtinagar Branch, Lucknow conducted a customers' meet on recently. V B Singh (Retired additional commissioner) and SC Chaubey presided over the meeting. Chief manager of the bank Hemant Sethi addressed the customers and informed about the achievements of the bank and also about its performance for the financial year 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500918", "title": "Gondia tops in copying cases, and pass percentage!", "text": "NAGPUR: With the state board cracking down hard on copying during board exams, the Nagpur and Amravati divisions, which cover Vidarbha, have accounted for half of the total copying cases in HSC 2012. This year Vidarbha had a total of 50% copying cases in the state, marginally better than last year's 55%.Within the six districts of Nagpur division, Gondia has the top spot in the rogues gallery. While divisional chairman Chandramani Borkar did not divulge exact figures for Gondia, he did confirm that the highest number of copying cases were registered in that district.What was surprising was that even though Gondia had the most copying cases, it still managed to have the highest pass percentage in Nagpur division. With a pass percentage of 74.96% Gondia stood tall among the rest. While no official would openly discuss it, many feel that the copying problem in Gondia is far more rampant and many students take admission there after std X just so they can pass by copying.An official of the board told TOI on condition of anonymity, \"We are facing a predicament regarding copying cases. If we do not take serious action and catch those indulging in malpractice then the media gives us flak for mismanagement at rural centres. Now that we have cracked the whip and copying numbers have skyrocketed, we are still being ridiculed for mismanagement.\"However, statistics show that there has been a drop in copying cases as compared to last year. In 2011, there were 2,400 cases of copying in Vidarbha region and the number has plummeted to 1,327 this year. Borkar said, \"We took very strong action last year and hence you are seeing these numbers. With a crackdown on copycats you are witnessing quality results from Nagpur division, as well as from across the state.\"There were reports of an alleged mass copying incident from Bhandara for which the board had set up an inquiry. On Friday, Borkar announced that the inquiry committee did not find any case of mass copying and a final report will be sent to the headquarters for further review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503784", "title": "NGO writes to Kadamba Transport Corporation over overcharging of public toilet users", "text": "PANAJI: Civic action group GOACAN urged the Kadamba Transport Corporation Ltd (KTCL) to initiate steps to stop the overcharging of consumers using public toilets at the KTC bus stands across Goa.GOACAN coordinator Roland Martins alleged that a contractor at the Panaji Kadamba bus stand had displayed a board with rates of 1 but had overwritten on the same and was charging 2 instead. He suggested that the KTCL monitor the operation of the toilets in the interest of the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13517102", "title": "Minka Kelly, Jackie Kennedy, film", "text": "Minka Kelly has been reportedly roped in to play former US first lady Jackie Kennedy in director Lee Daniels' next movie 'The Butler.'According to IndieWire , the film has Forrest Whitaker as Eugene Allen, the late White House butler who served eight presidents between 1952 and 1986.Others who have been cast for the movie are Oprah Winfrey as Allen's wife, David Oyelowo as his son, Matthew McConaughey as John F. Kennedy , Alan Rickman and Jane Fonda as Ronald and Nancy Reagan , John Cusack as Richard Nixon , and Lenny Kravitz , Cuba Gooding Jr. and Terrence Howard in as-yet-undisclosed roles, CBS News reported.Daniels, who is at the Cannes Film Festival to promote his film 'The Paperboy' told ScreenDaily that he found an emotional connection with the story.\"I connected with it because it is ultimately a father-son story with a civil rights backdrop. In my lifetime there were separate water fountains, swimming pools and toilets for blacks. People forget that. This is such an exciting journey for me,\" he stated.Production on 'The Butler' will reportedly start from July 16", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "13501395", "title": "Dengue spreads to Karur district", "text": "KARUR: Panic gripped Karur town, particularly the Arasu Colony area on Friday as a 16-year-old boy was suspected of having contracted the deadly virus after he exhibited most of the symptoms associated with the fever.Son of one Subramani from Panchamadevi Arasu Colony, 1.5km from Karur Main, Jegan reported high fever, headache and joint pains. The boy, who had just passed his plus two exams, was admitted to the Karur government hospital on Thursday, and when the symptoms persisted, his panic-ridden family took him to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.Deputy director of health services, Karur, Sampath Kumar confirmed to TOI on Friday that Jegan tested positive to dengue virus following a number of tests done on him. Kumar, accompanied by other officials, visited all the 205 houses in Arasu Colony and the team came across only one woman who was down with a temperature. \"It does not look like dengue,\" Kumar said after testing the 35-year-old Ayesa in the colony. However, the blood samples of Ayesa had been sent to the government hospital in Trichy, he reported.Meanwhile, the dean of KAP Viswanatham Government Medical College, A Karthikeyan said there was no incidence of dengue in Trichy district. But in case there was a breakout, the government hospital was fully prepared to meet any medical contingency as the hospital had already been equipped with 10-bed exclusive ward to the treat the disease, Karthikeyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501772", "title": "Meteorites add to Tuesday sound mystery", "text": "NAGPUR: It's official now. The fire balls seen by some people in Akola district and city on Tuesday were meteorite showers spread over an area of over 200km. They travelled in eastern direction and some fell in Katol tehsil of Nagpur district. It is the first time that meteorite shower has been recorded in Vidarbha. A GSI team will be surveying the entire area where people had witnessed fire balls and explosion like sound in a day or two for more evidence.However, the scientific reason of the sound remains unexplained. Speculations are that the sound could be the cumulative effect of different pieces of a large number of meteorites falling over a vast area or from impact of a single larger that fell in an uninhabited area like deep forest or river beds. The scientists are also not sure of any correlation, if any, between the meteorites falling and tremors of 2.1 Richter scale recorded around the same time. They said a tremor caused by impact of a huge meteorite could not be ruled out but the two events happening together could also be a coincidence.A team of geologists led by the deputy director general (DDG) of the Geological Survey of India (GSI) Central region in city Binod Kumar has collected small meteorite pieces from different locations in and around Katol town on Wednesday evening. \"We got a phone call from Katol at around 5pm on Wednesday about some stone like objects fallen at different places. I rushed to the spot with four geologists and collected the pieces. All the pieces are meteorites,\" said Kumar.The DDG said many people had heard the sound. GSI team confirmed the facts in presence of the Katol tehsildar. Pieces from four different locations at Laxmi Nagar, IUDP Layout, Khutamba road and IUDP layout towards Nagpur road which were collected respectively by the town residents Nathoji Ramakrishna Charde, Govinda Muralidhar Mahajan, Javed Razzak Shaikh and Pundlik Kashiram Shivarkar. \"The pieces are in our possession. We will send them to our head office at Kolkata where their exact chemical and physical analysis would be done and their age determined using radioisotope method,\" said Kumar.Director of petrology department G Suresh said all the pieces were from a 'stony meteorite' as they were very rich in silicate minerals and minute quantities of iron and nickel. \"The black surface is because of burning effect as they entered the earth's atmosphere,\" he said. The sample from Lakshmi Nagar is biggest (9.5X9X5.5cm) and weighs 673.5 gms.Geologist S H Wankhede said, \"all samples when collected were cold. They contain some nodules of iron and nickel. This piece caused an impact on the ground and created a void of 8X6X10 cm,\" he said. Third geologist Mohammed Shareef said that third piece recovered from agricultural field on Khutamba road fell on a galvanized iron ceiling and pierced it.The Raman Science Centre project coordinator Shrikant Pathak clarified that meteorites sometimes caused a sound when they blast in air or big pieces strike with each other. Sound also occurred in case of a cracking of a cavity inside a meteorite piece. Big sounds occur only when big pieces hit earth. \"But it is difficult to specify the reason for sound unless we find a much bigger piece of meteorite somewhere else in the region,\" he said.Some known meteorite showers in IndiaFebruary 16, 1827- Mhow in Madhya Pradesh had injured a manSeptember 27, 2003- Mayurbhanj in OrissaSeptember 23, 2008- Hosur village in Tamil Nadu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13503944", "title": "Rs 140 crore central aid for state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Union government, in March this year, released an additional installment of Rs 140 crore, keeping in view the state's performance in meeting the drinking water needs of people.Gujarat is one of the five states which have qualified to receive its first installment. Water supply minister Nitin Patel said that it was expected that each state should provide 40 LPCD water, but Gujarat had been giving 70 LPCD to 100 LPCD looking at the requirement of not only human beings but also cattle population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13510543", "title": "Over 80% roads in Punjab unfit for use: Centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In stark contrast to the development agenda that the SAD-BJP government in Punjab fought assembly elections on, the Central government has expressed concern about the poor maintenance of roads in the state, built using the central funds. Only 19% of the roads inspected by the National Quality Monitors were found properly maintained and fit to be used.In a communique to chief minister P S Badal on Thursday, Union minister for rural development, Jairam Ramesh, has pointed out how Punjab has failed to follow the guidelines for central grants it has been seeking and vehemently blaming the Centre for discrimination against it.In the letter, Jairam Ramesh, otherwise known to be mild mannered, has let the facts and figures convey the rebuke. \"I do want to mention a point of concern. During 2007-11, out of the 310 works under maintenance, that were inspected by the National Quality Monitors, only 19% were found to be properly maintained. This is a very low figure,\" wrote Jairam Ramesh.The CM has also been reminded that about 45 roads, that were sanctioned nearly two years ago, are yet to be completed. However, Jairam Ramesh has not penalized the state for its dismal performance in making use of the money it spends. The Union minister, who toured the state a fortnight ago, has sanctioned fresh funds worth over Rs 350 crore for Punjab under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY).However, the guidelines for central scheme clearly state that putting in place of institutional measures to ensure systematic maintenance and providing adequate funding for maintenance of rural road network, will be key to the continuance of PMGSY programme in the state.Punjab has been pleading inability to maintain the infrastructure created under central government schemes, blaming the mounting financial debt. The CM, P S Badal, in his address to the Planning Commission, while presenting the annual plan 2011-12, had demanded that the Centre should give money for not just constructing roads, but maintaining them as well.Jairam Ramesh's letter to the CM, highlighting state's failure to do the needful, has vindicated the stand of the opposition Congress in Punjab. Leader of opposition, Sunil Jakhar, said, \"We have been saying this for a long time that the state government is not making good use of the money it is getting as central grants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13501515", "title": "Medical team visit dengue-affected areas", "text": "MADURAI: A six-member medical team from the Union health ministry visited the dengue-prone areas of Tirunelveli on Friday to study the gravity of the situation and submit a report to the ministry.The visit comes in the wake of a severe outbreak of dengue that claimed 29 lives in Tirunelveli as well as neighbouring Tuticorin, Virudhunagar and Kanyakumari districts in the last two months. The disease has also spread to Madurai taking the life of one child.The team, which was led by P K Srivastava, joint director of National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme and M Agarwal, joint director of National Centre for Disease Control, New Delhi visited the government hospital at Tirunelveli and Tenkasi as well as dengue-hit areas in Kadayanallur and Sankarankoil.Other members in the team included Arun Gogna, senior physician, Safdarjang Hospital, New Delhi; Harish Chellani, senior paediatrician and associate professor at Vardhman Mahavir Medical College; Nirmal Joe, senior regional director at the regional office of health and family welfare, Chennai and K Krishnamoorthy, scientist, Vector Control Research Centre, Puducherry.\"We have come here on the instructions of the Union health minister. We will collect data pertaining to the outbreak and extent of the dengue in the region and submit it to the minister,\" Harish Chellani told reporters. The experts split themselves into three teams and visited the government hospital and the dengue-hit areas. They later held a meeting with the collector R Selvaraj, R T Porkai Pandian, director of public health and the district health officials.\"They asked how the outbreak happened, the measures that were taken to curb the spread of the disease and our experience in dealing with the outbreak. They also shared their experience in dealing with such a situation in Delhi. They also examined whether WHO guidelines were followed in handling dengue cases and expressed satisfaction,\" said a district health official. The health officials had explained that admission of patients in terminal stage was the reason for the high number of deaths. The team is also set to visit adjoining Kanyakumari and Tuticorin districts Saturday and Sunday where dengue has spread.Meanwhile, health officials said that there has been reduction in the influx of patients in government hospitals during the last three days. \"Also, there was no casualty in the past three days,\" said a health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13501414", "title": "Cylinder shortage haunts families", "text": "MADURAI: The sudden flickering of the gas stove flame and the cylinder running empty one fine morning can be a nightmare for any housewife. But families in the city complain that the situation is even more chaotic when trying to get a cylinder refill as it takes a minimum 60 to 70 days for the same.Unable to cope with the delay, many families have opted for an additional cylinder, but even this does not help much, they say. M P Fathima from Thirumangalam recalls how she had to buy a few litres of kerosene in the black market after her cylinder went dry last Monday. \"We live in a joint family which has more than 10 members. Though we have two cylinders, the gas agency takes 70 days to provide a new refill and by this time both the cylinders are empty. We have to depend on kerosene sold in the black market, as it will not be provided to us since we already have cylinders,\" she says.The situation is even worse for families that have single cylinders, like that of K Rajendran from K Pudur. \"On an average it takes 40 to 60 days to get a new cylinder. In the meantime, we have to substitute with firewood and kerosene,\" he lamented.Madurai south MLA, R Annadurai from CPM, who was in the forefront for demonstrations against the delay in providing gas cylinders, says there are a lot of discrepancies from the administrative and distribution side. \"After repeated demands, the district administration intervened with the gas companies and Indian Oil Corporation increased its supply in the region. In spite of this there is considerable delay in getting cylinders,\" he said.Another complaint from the public was that gas agencies pressured them to book through an SMS rather than direct booking. \"After the SMS method was introduced, the gas agencies are passing the buck to gas companies. When we try to reach the gas companies, we are unable to get through the IVRS,\" S Iniavan from Anupanadi charged.Interestingly, private gas agencies that were struggling to do business with domestic gas supply have started gaining patronage from the public. \"We had been providing only about 15 to 20 domestic connections per month in the past. But in the last three months, we booked 50 new domestic connections,\" a staff with a private gas agency in KK Nagar said.\"Many customers say they have government connections but feel they can substitute with private gas cylinders in times of need. However, we tell them very clearly that the cost of the domestic cylinder is dependent on the international crude oil prices. A 12kg cylinder is sold for Rs 970 at present,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13503716", "title": "Seven caught stealing electric cables by Budedha villagers", "text": "GURGAON: Seven thieves were caught by the residents of Budedha village while they were trying to flee with a van full of electric cables which they stole from the warehouse of the electricity department in Gadoli village. An FIR has been lodged with the Rajendra Park police station in this regard.On Thursday, 12 villagers were on a night watch to avert incidences of theft. Early on Friday morning, the villagers suspected a pickup van which was crossing the village. They stopped the vehicle, whose driver tried to flee. Other villagers gathered and found the van full of electric wires that the thieves had stolen. Villagers beat up the thieves and two of them were injured.A team of policemen reached the spot and took the seven men as well as the vehicle into custody. During the preliminary investigation, the thieves confessed that they had stolen the electric cables .A senior police officer said that the accused have been identified as Rashid, Naseem, Shahid, Mujla, Jabir, who are residents of Shergarh village of Uttar Pradesh (UP), while Shehjad and Shabbar, are residents of Rampur in UP also.Rashid was the supposedly the head of the gang, who runs a scrap shop at Farrukhnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501704", "title": "Friday was season's hottest at 46.9 degrees Celsius", "text": "NAGPUR: With the mercury touching 46.9 degrees Celsius on Friday the city is just 0.8 degrees away from the maximum temperature ever recorded here on May 26, 1954. Friday's temperature is anyway the highest maximum temperature recorded in the season. With the nautapa (nine days of very high temperature) beginning on Friday, the chances of further rise cannot be ruled out.Data from the meteorological department shows that in May the temperature has crossed 47 degrees twice in the last decade; it was 47.4 degrees Celsius on May 2, 2009, and 47.3 degrees on May 25 in 2010.The city's highest maximum temperature in 2002 was 46.9 degrees, followed by 47, 45.1, 46.7, 46.1, 45.5 and 45.1 degrees respectively till 2008. Last year, the city had recorded a high of 44.8 degrees.Met records also say that the city had recorded highest maximum temperature of summer at of 47.8 degrees Celsius on May 26, 1954, and the lowest minimum temperature in summer at 19.4 degrees Celsius on May 4, 1917.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13505279", "title": "History still most popular", "text": "PATNA: Even as subjects like history, geography, economics, political science and sociology may not be quite palatable for most students at the school level, Patna University (PU) colleges witness an unprecedented rush of students seeking admission to the 3-year honours classes in these subjects.History continues to be the most popular subject among admission seekers as all the seats for the subject in PU colleges are filled immediately after the admission process starts. \"Its study helps students prepare for competitive exams,\" said B N College principal P K Poddar.Other subjects popular among the B N College students are political science, economics, geography and sociology. Only students who are denied admission to these subjects opt for other subjects.\"I want to join history honours course either in Patna Women's College (PWC) or Magadh Mahila College as the subject has always fascinated me. By studying the subject in detail, I shall be able to know the glorious history and culture of our country,\" said Madhumita, who is awaiting her class XII examination result.Geography happens to be the crowd puller in Patna College. \"Of the 4,000 applicants for honours in different subjects, 2,000 are for geography alone,\" said Patna College teacher Randhir K Singh.In PWC, girls are almost crazy for economics. Other popular subjects here are English, history, political science and sociology, said college teacher Shefali Roy.Subjects like Hindi, Sanskrit, Urdu, Arabic, Bengali, Maithili, Persian and philosophy, however, have few takers. Quite a few of these departments have either been closed or are on the verge of closure for want of students.A senior PU teacher of social science faculty said each of these languages should not be taught in all the colleges. For instance, if B N College teaches Bengali, Patna College should teach Maithili, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13500920", "title": "FIR lodged against Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam official", "text": "LUCKNOW: An FIR has been lodged against the managing director, Construction &amp; Design Services (C&DS;), Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, accusing him of embezzlement of over Rs 1.46 crore. The case was registered with the Hazratganj police and thereafter transferred to Faizabad Kotwali where the origin of crime was traced to.Police said the FIR was lodged by deputy secretary (administration) at the managing director office Dharmendra Kannaujiya. The complaint said that a cheque book of Jal Nigam's C&DS; section was reported missing since May 16, 2012, from the office almirah of accountant Nasir Ali of the Faizabad unit of the department. Thereafter, between May 16 and May 19, a total of Rs 1.46 crore was withdrawn from the account which was opened with the Ramleela Ground branch of Bank of Baroda. Initial inquiries revealed that the entire amount was transferred to four different accounts of firms which apparently do not exist. These accounts were in the name of Madhuraj Balika Vidyalaya and Bio Technology Balika Vidyalaya - both in Faizabad, Sara Constructions in Lucknow and Krishi Vigyan Kendra in Ambedkar Nagar.In the FIR, C&DS; director B P Singh, along with unidentified associates and bank employees, has been named as accused. The reason behind B P Singh being named as accused in the case is that he was in the know of the fact that the cheque book had gone missing from the office almirah of Faizabad unit's accountant since May 16, 2012, as the latter had informed him about it the very same day.But Singh reportedly kept the information a secret and during that period, the cash was withdrawn from the account.Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam managing director Mohammed Azam Khan , who is the minister for urban development, said the department's top concern is to get the public money back in the first place. He said he would personally keep a track of police investigation into the case and make sure that the culprits are brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13505026", "title": "BJP delegation visits blast victims", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A delegation of Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday visited the families of Kareli explosion victims and demanded that the state government provide ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased of the explosion, Rs 1 lakh for the families of the injured persons.BJP's Allahabad mahanagar vice-president Ramesh Sharma and party women leaders including Anita Sachan and Pushpa Kushwaha said that people of the C-block Kareli slum are still living in fear psychosis and they do not want to remember the traumatic scenes. Leaders further added the blast had occurred in front of Alam alias Monu's hut and the sound of explosion was heard within a radius of one kilometre. Leaders also demanded to the district authorities to offer all sorts of assistance and adequate medical facilities to the persons living in slums. Three days back, five children were killed and six other persons sustained injuries in a powerful explosion in Kareli's C-sector slum under Kareli police station.Meanwhile, Nargis, who sustained serious burn injuries in the explosion, is still battling for life at a city hospital. While teams of forensic department and ATS have taken away samples for further analysis, police officials have been carrying out investigations as to how the blind bomb of army reached at slum and how it exploded. Senior officials, however, said that it is too early to reach to any conclusion, but things would be clear during the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13501027", "title": "Rs 60 lakh to kin of sailor who died aboard ship", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has awarded Rs 60 lakh compensation to the family of a young sailor, who had a fatal fall inside the container hold area aboard a Panamanian ship docked at Chennai Port since November 2011.T S Frank Midson (33) of Kanyakumari district was the third officer on the Gati Pride and had also cleared qualifying examinations for becoming a captain of a vessel. On March 24, while checking cargo aboard the vessel, he fell into the empty hold and died. The ship had a troubled history, as the high court had ordered it to be anchored and not allowed to leave the port without clearing the wage dues of the crew.Lying in the outer anchorage of the port since November 2011 due to the court order, the vessel owners had cleared the dues early-March and it was preparing to leave the port when Midson fell and died. Midson's wife Bino Sesley and her two minor children had moved the high court seeking 1 crore as compensation. Their counsel S Vasudevan told TOI that justice R Subbiah had first directed the ship owner to deposit 1 crore. The ship owner, however, appealed to a division bench of Justice P Jyothimani and R Karuppiah. The matter was then settled for 60 lakh.Recording the settlement recently, the judges stipulated that the victim's wife and his two children would get 20 lakh each, and that the money should be deposited in a nationalized bank. The matter again came to the single judge, and then referred to a lok adalat for a formal settlement, so that the victim's family could get refund of the court fee paid by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13504586", "title": "Ministry of Environment and Forests clearance for Shree Singaji power project", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh has got final clearance from the union ministry of environment and forests for the first phase of the Shree Singaji Thermal Power Station (SSTPS) in Khandwa, a MP power generating company limited (MPPGCL) top official, said.\"With the clearance now there is no hurdle to set up two units of 600 mega watt (mw) each under SSTPS with a cost of Rs 6750 crore,\" MPPGCL managing director Vijendra Nanavati told TOI.\"We started off with the project construction work after getting in-principle clearance from ministry of environment. Now, we have got the final clearance,\" he added.\"The ministry's clearance is very important. We have to convince it that the upcoming project won't disturb the environment,\" Nanavati said.\"Now we are going to contact Coal India Limited for fuel supply agreement (FSA) to get coal needed to run the project once it is commissioned,\" the MD said.The first phase of the project will come up in an area spread over 1107 hectares at Dongalia village, officials said. The coal fired project was coming with 80 per cent loan from power finance corporation (PFC), they added.Under the second phase of the SSTPS, two units of 660 mw each will come up at a cost of Rs 6050 crore. The project has been named after saint Singaji, who is believed to have hands-on knowledge of veterinary and took Samadhi (a mausoleum of sage) near the place.MPPGCL was struggling hard to generate power from its old power generation units, which are going kaput frequently. It has plan to shut down 40-year-old five units of 62.5 mw each at Satpura Thermal Power Station (STPS) in Sarni in Betul after two of its upcoming units of 250 mw each there are commissioned in this fiscal.MP was working hard to bridge the demand, supply gap of more than 2000 mw of power shortage which crops up during the peak hours of Rabi season, leading to long power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499813", "title": "School under education dept lens for \u2018turning away\u2019 poor students", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after NGO Desh Seva Samiti (DSS) registered a police complaint against Vibgyor High School in Goregaon for allegedly violating the Right To Education (RTE) Act, the education department promised to look into the matter.The NGO claims the school refused to give admission to eights students from economically-weaker section (EWS). According to the Supreme Court's order, all schools, barring unaided minority institutes, have to reserve 25% of entry-level seats for EWS students under the RTE Act.Zonal education inspector P R Pawar said, \"We need to verify the school's claims that it is a minority institute and that it completed its admission process before April. Also, the documents submitted by the NGO need to be scrutinized before we take a call on future course of action,\" said Pawar.Vibgyor authorities reiterated that the institute completed its admission process before April. Principal Shim Matthew said the RTE clause about reserving 25% of the seats for poor students does not apply to the school as it is an unaided minority institution.Rebutting Vibgyor's claim, DSS activist Aviasha Kulkarni said, \"We have proof. Documents issued by the minority development department make it clear that this school is not a minority institute.\" DSS has now started a campaign against Vibgyor High School. \"Our fight is against all private schools that deny admission to poor students,\" said Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13505610", "title": "Musharraf murdered my mother, says Benazir\u2019s son", "text": "WASHINGTON: The son of assassinated Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto has accused that the country's former military ruler Pervez Musharraf \"murdered my mother\" as he pledged to play a bigger role in Pakistan's politics.\"He (Musharraf) murdered my mother (Benazir),\" Bilawal Bhutto, Pakistan Peoples' Party chairman, said, adding \"I hold him responsible for the murder of my mother .\" Bilawal, 23, charged that Musharraf sabotaged his mother's security when she returned to Pakistan in 2007.\"Musharraf was aware of the threats. He himself had threatened her in the past. He said your security is directly linked to our relationship and our cooperation,\" he said.\"When he imposed emergency and it was clear that he was pulling the wool over our eyes, he was not interested in returning democracy to Pakistan and my mother started to speak out more against him, the security decreased,\" Bilawal, son of President Asif Ali Zardari , said.For the first time in last few years, Bilawal said he planned to play a more active bigger role in Pakistan's politics specially in the next elections . \"I am chairman of Pakistan Peoples' Party. I look forward to campaigning in the next election and playing a larger role then,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13505238", "title": "Engineering colleges imposing illegal fines?", "text": "BHOPAL: Having a mandatory minimum attendance is no more a concern for engineering students. Helping the students to keep date with their more pressing engagements, an innovative way has been found out: Shelling out a cash fine. And the remedy is going down well not just with the students but the college authorities as well.According to Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) rule, students need to have a minimum 75% attendance. However, in case of 65% attendance, vice-chancellor of RGPV can exercise his powers and allow them to appear for the exams. The rule books state that students can be charged a fine up to Rs 2,000 in any form for a semester.However, making most of the opportunity, several engineering colleges in the city are making students cough up Rs 10,000 for a semester. In many cases, the students are seldom given the receipts of the money they have paid.A student of city based engineering college, on condition of anonymity, said that she was asked to pay Rs 10,000 when she failed to fulfill the criteria of minimum attendance in classes. \"I had 50% attendance in the third semester. My college made me pay Rs 10,000 in one go. I was left with no option but to pay the bucks and make up for the requisite attendance for taking the exams,\" she adding that the college did not give her any receipt of paying the fine.The fee regulatory committee of Madhya Pradesh responsible to regulate admission and fixation of fee in private professional educational institutions, has been making appeals to students to come up with complaints against such colleges. The committee does receives complaints but the students don't want to disclose their identity for obvious reasons.\"The committee is always ready to take action if any student comes up making complaint against the college with their names. However, students don't want to disclose their identities which restricts us from taking action in several cases,\" officer on special duty of fee regulatory committee Sunil Kumar said.When contacted, vice-chancellor of RGPV Prof Piyush Trivedi said that charging fine for short attendance was not a good practice. \"I can't comment much on this issue as it comes in the purview of the fee regulatory committee. However, I think students should be motivated to attend classes regular instead of charging fine,\" Prof Trivedi said. He added the RGPV was always ready to support any students making formal complaints against any college charging fine illegally.When contacted, president of Madhya Pradesh technical and professional association, Sunil Bansal denied the charges. He said no student ever approached him for illegal fines. \"I do not think any colleges is charging illegal fee. However, it is wrong if any college is charging illegal fee,\" Bansal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13501082", "title": "Bangalore jewellery firm staff fall asleep on bus, lose 6kg gold", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Friday said thieves had stolen 6kg of gold worth 2 crore from two employees of a jewellery firm in Bangalore while they were travelling by a Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation bus from Salem to Kancheepuram on Thursday.In a complaint, Vinod, 24, of Bangalore, and Khetaram, 25, of Rajasthan, said they boarded the bus in Salem on Thursday morning. When the bus was approaching Tiruvannamalai, they found the bag in which they were carrying the jewellery was empty.They immediately informed the driver and conductor that the jewellery had been stolen. \"They also alerted their employer Jagan Lal Khatri, who owns the firm based in Chickpet, Bangalore, about the incident,\" a police officer said. Vinod and Khetaram said the theft took place when they were asleep.\"Vinod and Khetaram were carrying the gold ornaments from Bangalore to Kancheepura,\" the officer said. \"They stopped in Salem on Wednesday, where they met some jewellery shop owners, before leaving for Kancheepuram.\" The police suspect that the thieves followed them from Salem and struck at the first opportunity.Vinod and Khetaram met Tiruvannamalai superintendent of police R V Ramya Bharathi and lodged a complaint. The complaint was forwarded to Kalasapakkam police station for investigation.\"We are verifying whether the firm paid the relevant tax for the jewellery. We do not want to jump to conclusions but will probe all possible angles,\" north zone inspector-general of police P Kannappan said, adding that the employees will be treated as suspects till investigators establish their innocence.Police said two people who were sitting behind Vinod and Khetaram got out of the bus near Tiruvannamalai just before the theft was discovered. Investigators are trying to track them down. The jewellery firm in Bangalore takes orders from stores in Chennai, Coimbatore, Salem and Kancheepuram and employees regularly deliver jewellery to these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13506573", "title": "Asom Gana Parishad bandh against petrol hike on May 31", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP has called a dawn-to-dusk bandh on May 31 in protest against the abnormal hike in petrol prices. The 12-hour bandh will begin at 6 am, but will, however, exclude emergency services. The Assam bandh coincides with the Bharat bandh called by the NDA against petrol price hike.The AGP has appealed to all to raise their voice against such activities of the UPA government. Senior AGP leaders also met the state governor to discuss the matter and asked him to intervene in the matter.\"Petrol prices during the UPA government reign have gone up by almost 90 per cent. Every time there is a hike in petrol prices, the prices of other essential commodities go up adversely. It is the common man that has to bear the burden of the hike and not the government sitting in Delhi and Dispur ,\" said AGP president and former chief minister Prafulla Mahanta.On Friday, a delegation of the newly elected AGP general secretaries, working president led by party chief Mahanta met the state governor J B Patnaik and submitted a memorandum seeking his immediate intervention into the matter. \"The delegation placed the demand of an immediate roll back in the petrol prices and asked the governor to intervene in the matter. The delegation also asked him to act on the ongoing issues of the mega dam,\" said AGP leader and publicity cell-in-charge, Manoj Saikia.Earlier, Mahanta in a press conference criticized the state government, saying that the government must stop being stubborn and start a productive discussion with the anti-dam organizations on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13501365", "title": "Anti-smuggling efforts to get fresh boost in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The office of the chief commissioner of customs (preventive) was inaugurated in Trichy by union minister of state for finance SS Palanimanickam here on Friday.Palanimanickam said the new office was set up to closely monitor smuggling activities in the entire east coast, which was prone to influences from neighbouring countries. The jurisdiction of the customs commissionerate, Trichy, is from northern Chennai and extends up to the Kerala border in the south west near Colachel on the Arabian sea, covering a coastline of about 950 km. It also covers the international airport at Trichy, a major port at Tuticorin and four minor ports in Nagappattinam, Cuddalore, Karaikkal and Pondicherry.An office of the chief commissioner of customs (preventive) has been functioning in Chennai to prevent smuggling operations across Tamil Nadu. In the wake of a long-standing proposal to open a similar office to monitor smuggling activities in Trichy, Tuticorin and the rest of Tamil Nadu, the new office was created. After this, the Chennai office will assume jurisdiction over northern Chennai.On the infrastructure of the customs department, the minister said it was \"inadequate and needed to be strengthened by proper supervision\"Palanimanickam appreciated the commissionerate of customs, Trichy, for exceeding the target of revenue collection of Rs 600 crore for the year 2011-12. The division collected Rs 741.44 crore.Later, he told reporters that airliners would not come to Trichy to operate international flights if there was no viability. Usually, the government allotted up to Rs 700 crore for infrastructure development of the central and customs department. However, allocations were yet to be made, he said.M S Badhan and Shanthi Sundaram, members and special secretaries of the Central Board of Excise and Customs, attended the function. Customs commissioners from Chennai and Coimbatore also took part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13503097", "title": "\u2018Safe Kochi, Secure Kochi\u2019 inaugurated", "text": "KOCHI: The Home Department will soon launch the 'Safe Kerala, Secure Kerala' scheme, which envisages police coordinating with private and public sector undertakings in the state to establish a digital security network across the state.\"We are happy to launch the 'Safe Kochi, Secure Kochi' scheme. In the next phase, we will expand the scheme to the entire state with the active participation of private parties,\" said home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan, who inaugurated the programme organized by Kochi City Police to evolve strategies to ensure a safer and secure Kochi.\"We should have an atmosphere where we can live safely. The government will use modern technology to enhance security in the city. We are planning various schemes to ensure that Kerala become a safer place,\" the minister said.Minister K Babu said a perfect security system was a prerequisite for a city like Kochi, which was developing fast. \"Coordination between agencies like Navy, Coast Guard, Customs, CISF and Police are must for enhancing the security of the city. The city needs a better traffic management system considering the increasing number of vehicles,\" he said. Director general of police Jacob Punnoose said people should become aware about their own security. \"We are facing threats at various levels. The more the city grows, the more the threats it faces. We should use technological advancements to strengthen the security system in the city,\" he said.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said that slums were gradually coming up at various parts of the city, and that crimes emanating from slums would be a major challenge for police in the near future. Benny Behanan MLA, deputy mayor B Bhadra, ADGP P Chandrasekharan, Ernakulam Range inspector general K Padmakumar and Kochi City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13506485", "title": "Akhil Gogoi was picked up to hide anti-dam stir from Sonia Gandhi: Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) has alleged that the Congress-led state government engineered the forceful admission of peasant leader Akhil Gogoi to the hospital ahead of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's visit to the city in order to lessen the intensity of the anti-big dam movement launched by the KMSS.Akhil, a Team Anna member and the KMSS general secretary, was picked up by police from the Lakhidhar Bora Kshetra premises where he was staging an indefinite fast and admitted to Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH) despite resistance from his supporters on Thursday. One of his supporters, Hasi Ram Deka (65), who was on an indefinite fast along with Akhil, was also admitted to GMCH.\"Akhil Gogoi was forcefully taken to the GMCH to so that Sonia Gandhi cannot see with her own eyes the anti-dam movement led by Akhil. The whole drama revolves around the UPA chairperson's visit to Guwahati on Saturday,\" said KMSS publicity secretary Kamal Medhi.Sonia is scheduled to be in the city on Saturday for a short while to attend the first anniversary celebrations of the third consecutive term of the Congress government here.However, KMSS supporters and civil society members continued their protest in the city as well as other parts of the state on Friday.Protests against the government action against Akhil continued at various places of the state even as KMSS supporters, including Akhil's mother Priyada Gogoi, were detained by police for blocking a passenger train in protest rally at Selenghat in upper Assam's Jorhat district. \"Akhil's mother was arrested for violating the law by blocking a train,\" said a police official.Meanwhile, KMSS publicity secretary Kamal Medhi said that Akhil continued his protest at GMCH, where he is undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13519569", "title": "Environment department orders action against civic officials, builder", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking to task civic officials who give a go by to prior environmental clearance for development projects, the State Environment department has directed BMC chief to take action against officers who had granted commencement certificate (CC) to a developer for a 15-storey residential building in Kandivli in the absence of a mandatory green nod.The order issued recently by Valsa R Nair Singh Secretary, Environment Department in Maharashtra, also directed the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board to initiate legal proceedings against Veena Developers, the builder for committing an offence under section 15 of the Environment Protection Act. The offence attracts a jail term of up to five years and/or fine of Rs 1 lakh. When contacted, the office staff said the developer was unavailable for comment.The case was fought by an alert citizen, Ravi Punjabi a resident of Videocon Tower in Kandivli. The reason was that the developer had begun work on an adjoining stilt-plus-15 storeyed building and another nine-storeyed building on the same plot without the prior environmental clearance as is required under the Environment Protection Act when more than 20,000 sq metre are being constructed. The Environment Department approval is essential for large constructions, as it places checks and ensures supporting infrastructure is in place by the developer or civic administration. This includes, key requirements like number of car parking slots to be provided by the developer.Punjabi said the building he was living in already had over 20,000 sq metre built-up area, hence any additional construction on the same plot was bound to need the environment department's go ahead. But strangely the developer even got a occupancy certificate in October 2010 for the new building.The Department gave the builder a hearing and also visited the site last year. The builder had subsequently applied for the clearance and received it last August. But finding that the BMC had permitted construction without the builder having received any prior environmental clearance, the department sought action. Veena developers had received the power of attorney to construct additional two buildings in the Kandivli plot in 2006.The environmental clearance given to the builder last year requires creation of 351 car parking space but the BMC has only approved 199 as of September 2011. The State has now said that if the BMC fails to act against its \"delinquent officers\", it would itself take action after confirming their names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13508367", "title": "Dalits' protest: Security tightened in Hisar as BSP leaders join stir", "text": "HISAR: The area in and around mini-secreteriat and Bhagana village was converted into a makeshift cantonment on account of heavy deployment of police to deal with the law and order situation as workers of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) from across districts falling under Hisar division joined dalit families from Bhagana during late evening hours on Friday.Meanwhile, the dharna by 75 dalit families camping in mini-secreteriat entered the fifth day. Hisar deputy commissioner Amit Aggarwal said that the situation was under control and that the administration is seriously trying to find a solution and pacify the agitating dalit families.Dalit families of a Haryana village had left their homes and were camping outside Hisar district administration headquarters to protest against discrimination by upper-caste villagers.Last year, dalits had demanded free residential plots of 100 square yards under Mahatma Gandhi Gramin Basti Yojana. This was strongly opposed by upper-caste villagers even though 220 acres of shamlat (community) land lay vacant. Dalits of Bhagana village alleged that they were facing social boycott, because a low-caste farmer was stopped from entering a village pond by upper-caste men. The dalits allege that they (dalits) have been ostracized from the village for the last three months and have now to come to the district headquarters (mini-secretariat).BSP spokesman, Bajrang Indal, said, \"We responded to the call of workers from across seven districts falling under Hisar division as civil authorities and police have failed to solve the issue. BSP district leaders had a talk with IG, A S Chawala, on Friday, but there was no concrete solution. Forget solution, the policemen even prevented some families who were on way to join the agitation here,'' he said.\"After this episode, we have informed the National Schedule Caste Commission to intervene in the matter. Now the DC and SP are not even inviting us to hold talks with them,\" Indal added.Deputy commissioner Amit Agrawal said, \"Things are moving in the right direction. I have personally offered to join them in their village to sort out the issue. But, some anti-social elements are trying to take advantage of the situation. Some leaders are providing money to families who are sitting here. The administration have video recordings of this. They (dalits) say that they don't have jobs, so I have offered them jobs under MNREGA. We are still open to talks.\"SP Anil Dhawan justified deployment of police around mini-secreteriat as well as in the village. \"Police deployment is the need of the hour. Anti-social elements can damage anything in the mini-secretariat by taking advantage of the situation.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13505268", "title": "Benefit for sportspersons only as per guidelines, says Maharashtra board secretary", "text": "PUNE: The benefit of additional 25 marks for students who excel at different levels of sports' meets will be decided strictly as per the recommendations of the sports department, state board secretary Shahaji Dhekne said.Since June 2007, the government has been extending 25 marks to students participating in different state, national and international sporting events as part of an encouragement policy. However, this has come under fire from various quarters owing to the misuse by way of students bringing certificates of sporting achievements from dubious sports associations and bodies to claim the 25 marks benefit.Last year, the sports marks had become a major issue in the wake of such complaints following which the department of school education and sports took a fresh look and issued new guidelines.The state board has declared that the 25 marks policy for sportspersons will remain effective for this year, too, but will be implemented strictly as per the guidelines released by the education department. \"The department of sports will first scrutinize the proposal and send the same to the board. We will act only as per the sports department's recommendation of marks,\" Dhekne said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13521925", "title": "Fearing rabies, teenager kills self near Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 17-year-old school boy committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling at his house in Red Hills near Chennai, as he panicked after a stray dog bit him a few days ago.The boy R Mani alias Manikandan, a resident of Puthagaram near Redhills, inquired with some friends about the consequence of the dog bite. Police said some of his friends scared him, saying he may die of rabies.Mani took the extreme end on Friday evening when his family was away. His body was found hanging when his family returned home. His body was sent to the Stanley Medical College Hospital for autopsy. Preliminary reports found that the boy wasn't infected by rabies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501605", "title": "School's music teacher gets life term for sodomising, killing minor", "text": "PATNA: Fast Track Court (FTC)-2, Hajipur, on Friday awarded life imprisonment to music teacher Devashish Banerjee of Oasis Public School, Dharmpur, under Biddupur police station in Vaishali district, for sodomising and subsequently killing a student of Class 1, Shubham on July 19, 2009. Shubham's body was recovered from the bathroom of the school.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 on Banerjee, who hails from Jamshedpur. If Banerjee fails to deposit the fine, he would have to serve six months' additional imprisonment, public prosecutor (PP) Harihar Singh said.Singh, who's the Vaishali PP, said Shubham, 7, was admitted to the school just 15 days before he was killed. He said that the deceased's father, Laxman Mishra, a native of Sultanpur Desri, lodged an FIR with Biddupur police station against school director Nitin Kumar, hostel warden Pankaj Kumar, storekeeper Pramod Pandey, principal Lalan Choudhary and school driver Dewki Nandan Pandey on July 20.Singh said that during investigation, the police found involvement of music teacher Devashish Banerjee in sodomising the boy and later killing him and submitted a chargesheet against him. He said that the court held Banerjee guilty of killing Shubham on Thursday and announced the quantum of punishment on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499467", "title": "Betting racket: Film producer to be quizzed", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch, probing the international cricket betting racket, has summoned producer Nitin Manmohan for financing the Hindi film Gali Gali Chor Hai (GGCH).Sources said Manmohan has been asked to be present before the crime branch on Saturday at 11.30pm. He will be questioned about the financing of GGCH. Manmohan is the co producer of the film, which, cops believe is financed by funds earned through cricket betting. \"We want Manmohan and its producer Prakash Chandanani to explain to us about the finances as the main accused Deven Kothari has spilt beans on them. Some bookies may have financed the movie,'' said a crime branch officer.Meanwhile, the six accused, including main bookies Sonu Jalan and Devendra Kothari, were sent to judicial custody on Friday. Cops are looking a dozen bookies, including NRIs-Sunil Abhichandani alias Dubai and Prakash Chandanani. While Sunil handles the Dubai operations, Chandanani was a link between bookies and actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13499817", "title": "Ram Singh Yadav eyes national record", "text": "BANGALORE: Four years back Ram Singh Yadav was heartbroken and almost quit athletics after failing to make the grade for the Beijing Olympics. But the gritty Army soldier fought back and this time he has already booked his berth for the London Games.\"In 2008, I missed the qualification by just a few seconds and in marathon cutting a few seconds is not a big task. Sadly I never got a second chance though the officials said I would get more chances. I was totally down with no support or sponsors,\" the 31-year-old Havildar said.Yadav, the first Indian to qualify for marathon in 36 years, said his aim was to break the national record of 2:12:00 set by Shivnath Singh at the Montreal Olympics.\"It was tough to come back but I managed it with the support of my family. Now my aim is to break the national record,\" said Yadav who attained the Olympics qualification mark at the Mumbai marathon.Till then Yadav, who hails from Babiyav village near Varanasi, was not even in the core group of athletes picked by the Athletics Federation of India but his stellar performance made him an automatic choice. \"The World 10K is part of my training. My target is the Olympics and I want do well,\" said Yadav who had finished eighth in the Commonwealth Games in Delhi.Yadav said he used to run a lot during his early days and his family looked up to him to join the Army and come good.\"Both my elder brothers failed to join the Army. So the whole family was looking up to me to make the grade. I first took the trial when I was 18 years but I made the grade only after trying for three years. I did them proud by getting selected as a Sepoy winning the cross country race,\" the runner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gabbar singh collections", "code": "13518496", "title": "Gabbar Singh\u2019s Stunning Box Office Collections", "text": "Gabbar Singh collections: The glorious days of Power Star Pawan Kalyan's recent release \"Gabbar Singh\" are not yet over. The movie continues to spin money at the box office and reports say that the film has crossed the 50 crore mark in terms of collections in just two weeks.\"Gabbar Singh\" is scripting new Tollywood box office records day by day as Pawan continues to rule the hearts and minds of Telugu cine-goers. The film is expected to continue its fearless run at box office and is on the anvil of becoming the biggest Tollywood grosser ever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13508117", "title": "Gen VK Singh makes a veiled attack on Suhag", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Army chief Gen VK Singh made a veiled attack on Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, whom he has issued a show-cause notice, saying that an Army officer never follows practice of involving media in official matters. He was here on Friday in connection with a function held by ex-army soldiers.Suhag is likely to be the Army chief after two years while he had been served a notice for alleged lapses in an operation carried out by an intelligence unit under him in Assam last year.While talking to newsmen here, he said that if Gen Suhag wanted to publicize the document before the media then it was his own will but no Army officer followed such practice in official matters.\"If he wants to display his show-cause notice to press then it is his own will. But in the Army, no officer has ever followed such practice in official matters,\" he said.Sources said that Gen VK Singh had issued the notice, which asking Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, at present 3 Corps Commander, why he should not be censured for lapses in his handling of the unit during the operation carried out by the intelligence and surveillance unit on the intervening night between December 20 and December 21 last year. The operation was carried out in Johrat, Assam, last year.Meanwhile, the general also honoured the families of the martyrs including of Vikram Batra, at a function held in Dharamshala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9197339", "title": "Rafting, photo tours - niche holiday ideas", "text": "It's time to move on from frumpy packaged tours with a bunch of ever-complaining fellow tourists. Anwesha Mittra explores the new-age, activity-oriented approach to travelTravelling in coach, trailing a tourist guide around historic monuments and ticking off tourist places at a hill station are a thing of past. The discerning new-age traveller would rather hit the road on a motorbike, trek up rugged terrain and live in a homestead. The dynamics of travel have evolved from a mere holiday idea to a way of life. While the young working professional looks forward to a long weekend for a hiking excursion or an afternoon of river rafting, the more experienced lot painstakingly pick their theme of holiday. Like his Western counterpart, the Indian traveller too is enjoying hot-air balloon rides, wine tasting tours, sunset safaris, treetop walks and museum hopping.These are some holiday ideas that are catching the fancy of the next gen travellers:White water rafting: River rafting has emerged as the most popular weekend activity among backpackers and youngsters. Rishikesh tops the list of rafting hotspots with Zanskar river in Leh coming a close second. Few miles uphill from Rishikesh brings you to Shivpuri, the gateway for white water rafting in the Ganges, and goes all the way up to Kaudiyala that has a concentration of campsites on the sandbars. Says Mani Shankar Ghosh, the owner of a camp, \"People no longer want to go to a hill station and do the mundane activities. They prefer staying closer to nature, pursuing some physical activity and spending time in solitude.\"Mountain biking: Riding a motorbike on the highest motorable pass in the world, the Khardung La Pass in Leh at 18,370 feet, is not for the faint-hearted. Dubbed a 'guy thing', men prefer taking this tour with only their group of male friends. En route they stop by at the colourful monasteries, amble into quaint villages, soak up the serenity of the blue Pangong Lake, and make every bit of this high-adrenaline excursion.Photography tours: Travel for the sake of photography is an extremely new phenomenon for the average Indian traveller who still rejoices in taking self portraits before assorted landmarks. But planning a holiday around the prospect of capturing rare moments in the camera is slowly gaining acceptance. And, a new venture by two young professional photographers and travel enthusiasts, encourages just that. The group will be making their first trip to Ladakh to capture the colourful Hemis festival this July. Encouraged with the response to their first photography expedition, its founder Parthiva Nag says, \"After the Hemis festival, we plan to capture the meteor shower in August. Hoping it'll be a spectacle for all photography lovers.\"Far East cruises and shopping: 'Destination Bangkok' is a low-budget quick trip up everyone's alley. Travel companies sell Thailand round the year with impressive deals on flights, cruises, hotel stay, sightseeing, shopping and what have you. While some prefer Bangkok for its cheap bargains, the others for its street food and nightlife. Says Aseem Sadana, co-founder of an experience-led online travel company, \"Indian travellers are a far more heterogenous breed than most. They travel to South Africa to watch a cricket match, to Singapore for Grand Prix, to London, Dubai and Bangkok for shopping. Non-package, self-drive holidays too are on the rise.\"Party trooping: Party lovers have taken their passion to the next level by holidaying in destinations known for their grandiose party scene. The concept of partying today goes beyond the run-of-the-mill pub hopping after work, as enthusiasts are already marking their calendars for the Oktoberfest in Berlin, full moon beach party in Thailand, the Rio carnival, jazz festival in Vienna, Sunburn festival in Goa, and a night of madness in Ibiza. Tapping this growing frenzy among the young, backpacking lot is 'Trips Gone Crazy', a travel experience company that takes you to the craziest international party destinations while taking care of your flying and lodging. Says Akhilesh Lakhotia, its founder, \"An interest for special tourism is growing that includes culinary tourism, sports tourism and party tourism. Our first trip will be to Ibiza, the party capital of the world, on 31st August. We intend squeezing in Valencia's tomato festival in the itinerary where thousands of people throng the streets and hurl tomatoes at one another for an hour.\"If holidaying is synonymous with discovering your wild side, be assured you'll never be short of ideas.anwesha.mittra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500685", "title": "Higher School Certificate 2013 brings new syllabus, new fears", "text": "NAGPUR: The HSC exam 2012 was a swan song for the syllabus, as the state upgrades to a new curriculum, at par with the CBSE, from the next HSC exam. The 2012-13 academic session will be the first with the new pattern, which is part of the Union government's move to have a similar syllabus across the country.Prepared as per guidelines from National Council for Educational Research and Training (NCERT), the new syllabus hopes to bridge the gap between students of CBSE and the state.There are apprehensions, though, that the scoring rate of HSC students will surely take a hit. Jaspal Saluja, principal of Guru Nanak High School &amp; Junior College, said, \"It is going to hamper marks of students, as they are not mentally prepared for it. These things would prove useful if implemented from the beginning but suddenly introducing such changes will affect students, mainly those who have an average IQ.\"The city male overall topper, Antriksh Meshram, too feels that the syllabus change is not beneficial for everyone. \"Every student has a different intelligence level and we really cannot have a common format for everyone. I consider myself very lucky that no such change was made during our time and we have been able to appear for HSC and score well in the older format. I am convinced that if I had to give the exam in the newer format then my performance would have been affected,\" said Meshram.Saluja also feels that students from poor families will find themselves at a slight disadvantage. \"Students belonging to poor families will suffer big time because they cannot afford coaching classes. I feel very sorry to say that the problem is with teachers as well. We need to have more training and exposure for teachers through seminars. Any change needs a lot of planning before being introduced,\" said Saluja.The changes being made will enable students to compete better at the central entrance exams for medical as well engineering streams. Sameer Phale, a biology lecturer at Dr Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), feels state students will benefit. \"In competitive exams, now our students will certainly have better preparation. The syllabus of chemistry has changed almost 70% while that of biology has changed 50%. We have been training students as per the syllabus and 18 students of mine have scored full marks in biology in HSC 2012,\" said Phale.There are also talks of giving 40% weightage to std XII board exam at the new engineering entrance exam, but a final decision on this will be taken on May 28.(With inputs by Apurva Gokhale)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13503243", "title": "High cutoffs may sour dreams", "text": "RANCHI: Saurabh Kumar scored 88.6% in the matriculation examination from the Jharkhand Academic Council and secured the 12th position in state.Sadly enough, he is still unsure about his admission in top schools of the city. Reason: Saurabh's average percentage in maths, science and English is less than the marks required for direct admission.Saurabh has done his schooling from Netarhat Vidyalaya which is considered the best school under Jharkhand board. Now he regrets studying in the best school. \"My parents got me admitted in Netarhat School because they thought that I will get the best education and my future will be secure. I also tried my best and got decent marks in Class X. Now, I see a dead end,\" he said.The marks for direct admission in Class XI in the top two schools - DPS and JVM Shyamli - is 91% and 92% respectively in English, science and maths. However, only the marks of state topper of JAC meets the criteria. The highest score procured in English in JAC matriculation examination is 82% which makes it impossible for many students to even think about getting admission in the top schools.The school administrations say that admission forms are available for students of all boards and if they are unable to make it through direct admission they can wait for the cut off list to be decalared.But Saurabh doesn't seem happy with this situation. He said, \"ICSE board toppers got 98% and CBSE board students can get up to 99%. In such a scenario, the students of Jharkhand board does not stand a chance even in the cut off list. I suppose I will have to take admission in some college at the intermediate level.\"Saurabh's sister Nibha has done her intermediate from college and she isn't very happy with the thought of her brother joining a college too. \"The quality of education in college cannot meet the level of top schools. Moreover, it will become difficult for him to compete for engineering due to lack of guidance in college. I am praying that he somehow manages to get into some good school,\" Nibha said.If a student who procured a position in top 15 list of the state has to experience such a problem then other JAC students do not stand a chance.When contacted, JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh said, \"I am not in position to say anything about it as none of the students have come to us with this problem yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13501320", "title": "6 cases against AIADMK for poll code violation", "text": "TRICHY: The run-up to Pudukkottai's June 12 assembly by-election has presented a chaotic picture as six cases have been filed against the ruling AIADMK for violating the model code of election conduct. One case was filed against DMDK.In respect of the ruling party, the cases pertained to violations such as crossing permitted boundaries when going in a procession. The AIADMK-controlled Anna Labour Union members were caught going in a procession without obtaining prior permission, while about 100 members of the AIADMK's ally, the Samathuva Makkal Katchi, took out a procession without getting prior permission. The ruling party was also accused of displaying party flags on top of cars while going in a procession to file nominations on May 22. In the case of the DMDK, the party was accused of crossing the permissible boundaries when going in a procession. However, all the cases were filed against the parties, and not its candidates.As many as nine candidates including DMDK's N Jahir Hussain filed their nominations on Friday, the last day. Hussain of the DMDK filed his nomination for the second time on Friday, lest one of the two be disqualified. Interestingly, the AIADMK and the IJK, have also let their candidates file two nominations each. An election observer said a candidate could file as many as four nominations for oneself. To add to the confusion, one of the eight independent candidates was also named M Jahir Hussain, making four people with that name contesting the election.A source told TOI that all the Jahir Hussains excepting N Jahir Hussain of the DMDK were AIADMK sympathizers, and were deliberately entering the fray to confuse the electorate.Meanwhile, another AIADMK candidate, Ravichandran, who had filed an independent nomination, said he filed his nomination to draw the attention of \"Amma\" as he had been purposely sidelined by his party's local bosses. A former village panchayat president of Palayur village in 2001, Ravichandran had staked his claim to contest the assembly elections in 2001, but he did not get ticket. So he filed his nomination in a huff this time. Those who filed their nomination on Friday were R Gomathisankar from Pudukkottai Samathuvapuram Salai, S Ravichandran from Kulathur taluk in Pudukkottai district, S A Sengol from Karambakudi taluk, K Saraswathi from Aravagurichi taluk, M Sekar from Pudukkottai NGO Colony, K Saminathan from Tiruppur district, M Jahir Hussain from South 3rd street from Pudukkottai, S Senthilraj from Rajakulathur village in Pudukkottai and N Jahir Hussain (DMDK) from Nizam Colony.The deadline for filing nominations ended at 3 pm on Friday. The final list of candidates in the fray would be released on the May 28. There are already 32 candidates in the fray, 23 more than the number in the last general elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499859", "title": "Dikshit admits BRT corridor \u2018controversial\u2019, govt open to changes", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's not just daily commuters who feel there's a problem with the Ambedkar Nagar bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor. On Friday, chief minister Sheila Dikshit candidly admitted there were \"problems\" with the BRT stretch.\"The BRT is controversial. We are having problems. The CRRI report is pending. If the CRRI report suggests changes, we will work on them,\" said Dikshit. She was speaking at an inspection of the on-going phase III work of the Delhi Metro network.The comment comes days after the Delhi transport minister Arvinder Singh said that the government was \"keen\" to implement other bus rapid transit (BRT) projects.That the increasingly negative public perception of the BRT corridor hasn't phased the Delhi government's insistence on the project was apparent as Dikshit went on to make a case for the BRT. \"It was our first experiment. We learnt from it, and we shall implement (the lessons learnt) in other BRTs,\" said Dikshit.Dikshit's comments come even as the final CRRI (central road research institute) report on the existing Ambedkar Nagar BRT stretch is awaited. In its interim report, the CRRI had found that motor vehicle speed was considerably lower on the BRT stretch than on corresponding stretches nearby. It had also admitted that there was no appreciable increase in bus speeds on the 5.8km BRT stretch - ironically the reason touted for insisting on the BRT system by the government.That the existing BRT has failed to meet expectations was apparent as Dikshit admitted that \"different\" BRT corridors would be set up by the government, presumably dependent on the traffic and geographical constraints of the area. \"Not all BRTs are the same. The BRT at east Delhi will be different from other areas,\" said Dikshit.To improve public transport, Dikshit added, the government is planning to introduce more buses. \"We are seriously thinking about the monorail and studies are on. Once that comes in, traveling over short distances will become convenient,\" she added.The Delhi government had finalized on 14 corridors in the city as BRT stretches last year. However, work on this project has been in deep freeze for some time.DIMTS, which was to build seven of the stretches, says it has submitted the detailed project report on the corridors. Meanwhile, PWD - the other implementing agency - is still in the process of hiring consultants for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13523190", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger", "text": "CreditsDirector: Kabir Khan Cast: Salman Khan , Katrina Kaif Producer: Aditya Chopra Banner: Yash Raj Films Genre: Romantic-thriller Release Date: EID 2012SynopsisIn the dark world of intelligence and espionage... there are shadows without faces... and faces without names....Governments fight shadow battles through these soldiers of the unknown... Battles have no rules... No limits.Nobody on the outside knows what goes on in these secret organizations.... All information is guarded in the name of National security.... But some stories escape the fiercely guarded classified files... stories that become legends.This is a film about one such story, a story that is spoken about only in hushed whispers... a story that shook the very foundation of this dark world... But like all reports that come out of this uncertain world... nobody will ever confirm those events.... It may or may not have happened....This story is about an agent named TIGER .... It may now be told.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13507122", "title": "Garam hawa to blow hard", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With westerly dry winds hitting the city towards south east and temperature hovering above 40 degrees, hot afternoon winds, locally known as \"loo\", are making venturing out almost impossible. According to weather experts, this scenario would continue the entire June and respite will only be possible once the region gets showers.The hot winds are caused due to change in the wind patterns from north-westerly winds to westerly winds. These winds lack moisture due to which they prove to be more harmful.Surender Pal, director Chandigarh met department, said, \"These winds add to the afternoon heat and these will continue for next few days. Himalayan region is expected to get rain in next two to three days which would bring moisture to the winds that will drive away the loo\"With temperature crossing 40 degrees celsius in last few days, loo has been troubling city residents, especially those riding two-wheelers.Jayeta Bhardwaj, a resident of Sector 23, said, \"You can't even breathe properly with the loo making your nose and mouth dry, especially when you are commuting on a two-wheeler.\"Divya Verma, a resident of Sector 19, said, \"The heat and dry winds are making my eyes burn. It's difficult to see if you're not wearing sunglasses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499354", "title": "Dharavi ragpickers make music with tin cans and beer bottles", "text": "MUMBAI: Saturday's finale of the Bandstand Revival Project music festival at Shivaji Park promises a fun interlude. Among the performers is a band of teenage musicians from the ragpickers' hub of Dharavi that specializes in \"junk percussion\". Using tin cans, beer bottles and plastic bowls, the group has been performing at nightclubs like Blue Frog and jamming with visiting artistes from the US, Norway and Germany.The Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry, which organizes the annual festival, has lined up a selection of popular groups, including the Mumbai Police Band, Something Relevant, Alan D'souza of Voctronica, Tanmay Bahulekar of Microphone and Rachel Varghese for the show.The members of the band, 'Dharavi Rocks', who are aged between 13 and 19, are glad for another chance to jam with these professionals. Salman Ali works as an office boy by day, but at dusk, he is the breakdancer whose India Rubber moves bring the house down. \"Beer bottles and cans of ghee make our percussion array. We fill sand in little plastic tubs to recreate the sound of anklets,\" he laughs. Dharavi Rocks will perform to 'Piya Haji Ali' followed by two jingles and a rap song.\"Each of them has the potential to perform as a professional, given the right environment and opportunity,\" says Stuart DaCosta, partner of 'Something Relevant'. Stuart trained the boys last year and will jam with them on Saturday.The Dharavi Project was conceived by Vinod Shetty of the Acorn Foundation way back in 1998. \"We started with the aim of segregating the 4,000-6,000 tonnes of garbage that arrives at a cluster of 13 compounds in Dharavi. The movement grew to encompass the children of the locality and now we run a holistic programme comprising education, football, music, even job placement, for around 70 teenagers,\" he says.Shetty points out how popular kinds of music, including hip-hop, jazz and blues, actually drew strength from underprivileged segments of society in the US and Africa. \"Here in India, they are seen as elitist. However, they are all songs of struggle which is what Dharavi mirrors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501779", "title": "Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University declares BEd-JEE results", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad, declared the results of joint entrance examination for Bachelor of Education (BEd-JEE) 2012 on Thursday.A total of 3,74,462 candidates had registered for the exam that was held on April 23 at 672 centres in 25 cities. A total of 3,54,097 candidates took the exam, out of which 3,47,447 were declared successful.Out of the total qualified candidates, 1,89,912 were girls and 1,57,535 were boys.Around 5,158 differently-abled people and 614 visually-impaired persons had taken the exam. Among the qualified candidates, there are 63,199 girls and 32,547 boys in the general category, 66,738 girls and 55,807 boys from Other Backward Class (OBC), 58,734 girls and 67,899 boys from Scheduled Class (SC) category and 1,241 girls and 1,281 boys from Scheduled Tribe (ST) category.University registrar S K Shukla said, \"There are no toppers in the exam because the total score will be calculated after adding the weightage given to a candidate's performance in graduation, class X, XII.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13502114", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation fell a 50-year-old tree to trim it", "text": "KOLKATA: A 50-year-old tree was hacked down in the heart of the city. While locals blamed KMC for the incident, the civic body claimed they did not know who cut down the tree and have lodged a complaint against those people.On Friday afternoon, the Deodar tree at Rajballabh area near Shovabazar was axed reportedly in the name of pruning and trimming its branches. The 40-feet tree fell across the width of Girish Avenue, completely blocking one flank of the road and throwing traffic out of gear for several hours. It was only after a KMC crane removed the tree that situation returned to normal.The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) seems oblivious to the chief minister's emphasis on afforestation. On Friday afternoon, the civic authorities reportedly felled a 50-year-old Deodar tree at Rajballabh area near Shovabazar on Friday afternoon in the name of trimming and pruning its branches. The 40-feet tree fell across the width of Girish Avenue, completely blocking one flank of the road and throwing traffic out of gear for several hours. The KMC, however, claimed they did not know who cut down the tree and have lodged a complaint against them.At a time when the chief minister has emphasized on afforestation and greenery in the city, an old Deodar tree at Rajballabh area near Shovabazar was felled by Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials in the name of trimming and pruning it. The 40 feet tree fell across the width of Girish Avenue, throwing traffic on the road completely out of gear.This is not the first time that KMC has come under the attack for mercilessly hacking trees. Earlier, there were reports of the civic authorities felling trees to widen roads and trim branches.The KMC's parks and gardens staff often overstep the limit (laxman rekha) for trimming and pruning and end up killing trees. Here, too, the same story was repeated. The tree collapsed and fell across the width of the road, blocking the road for several hours.Chaos prevailed as traffic had to beof both flanks was channelized along one flank of the road. The situation returned to normal only after a KMC crane came and removed the tree. till a KMC crane came and removed the tree.Debasish Kumar, member, mayor-in-council, said, \"We do not have any idea about these people who have felled this tree. We have already lodged a complaint with Shyampukur police station. We will conduct an inquiry into the matter.\"The incident angered residents of the area. They complained that despite their protests, the municipal officials went ahead and cut off the tree.Residents in the area were agitated and protested against the local municipal officials who had felled the tree when some residents had pleaded against it.\"When many of us asked them not to cut the tree in such a manner, some of them came down heavily on us and asked us to mind our own business. The tree used to give us a sense of relief from the urban clutter. We did not have any inkling that they will fell the whole tree. We strongly objected and protested against such recklessness,\" said Ratna Bhattacharya, a local resident.According to most residents in the locality, the tree was about 50 to 60 years old and was nearly 40 feet tall.\"Though I am a resident of Bagbazar, I take a daily walk through this locality. I was quite shocked to say the least when I saw the tree being felled. This is an unlawful act, and should be condemned\" said TS Nag.The incident was said to have occurred around 2.30pm.Locals in the area said people started cutting the tree at around 12.45 in the afternoon.While they alleged that the incident happened in full view of local councillor Partha Mitra and several civic officials, Mitra denied the charge.\"I was coming from another programme and had no idea of any such situation in the area until I reached there. We've ousted the person (Bunty) who was hacking the tree. We'll look into the issue from our end and find out if other people were involved in it,\" said Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499703", "title": "Two teens among 4 held for senior citizen\u2019s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Friday arrested four persons, including two teenagers, for allegedly killing a 65-year-old man in his Dongri flat.A 55-year-old man, identified as Sayeed Gulam Hussain Debastani, is the alleged mastermind behind the murder and a tenant of the victim. The other accused are Subham Ramakant Pandey (18), Harikesh Pal (20) and Rakesh Bastiram Saini (18).On May 23, Qamar Ali Babai alias Irani was found murdered with 22 stab marks. He owned two rooms in the building. \"One was rented out to Hussain while he lived in the other room with his son and wife. Irani recently learnt that Hussain had criminal cases registered against him in Mumbai and Pune,'' said inspector Vilas Gangawane. Hussain was allegedly involved in cases of assault and rioting.The police said Hussain belonged to an upper middle-class family and, at one point, owned several properties, including a bungalow in Cuffe Parade. Hussain currently runs a bakery in Pune.\"When Irani learnt about Hussain's criminal background, he asked the latter to vacate the room. On Wednesday evening, when Irani went to verify if Hussain had left, the accused pulled him inside. Then, his three associates started hitting Irani until he collapsed,'' said constable Arun Jadhav.Two of the accused held Irani's hands and legs as Hussain stabbed him before fleeing. Hussain's aides told the police that he had promised to pay them Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13504880", "title": "Wild bear enters Betul village, injure three", "text": "BHOPAL: A wild bear that strayed into a village mauled a woman, kid and a forest official before returning to the jungles in adjoining Betul district, officials said on Friday.With the day temperature on the rise, the bear in search of water entered into human habitat in Bhainsdehi area. The forest officials were informed by the villagers. By the time, the animal after being chased by country dogs climbed on top of a tree, officials said.When the forest officials tried to shoo off the bear, it descended down and attacked Kamini Bai, 25, and kid Shyamrao Parthe , 20, near a dairy farm.After this, the animal hid itself in a room at the farm of one Sanjay Kawre. Forest department ground duty staffers' burst some crackers to chase the animal to nearby jungle. As the bear ran out it attacked and injured the sub divisional officer (SDO) S U Khan.Kamini was admitted to Betul district hospital while Khan sustained a fracture in his leg and is undergoing treatment in a hospital here. Shyamrao is being treated at Bhainsdehi community health centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506210", "title": "Traders want special treatment for industrial area", "text": "KANPUR: In a meeting of the district Udyog Bandhu on Friday, the traders and industrialists apprised district magistrate MP Agarwal about various issues, including the monkey menace, dilapidated condition of roads, choked drains, non-functional streetlights and prolonged traffic chaos prevailing in city areas.The industrialists flayed the authorities for their failure in providing even basic necessities. They demanded that the government should give special treatment to industrial area, considered as the biggest industrial belt in the state.\"The road to Ruma is in a poor state, most of the drains in Panki Industrial area site no: 1 and Dadanagar Panki site no: 2 are choked, regular traffic jams take place on roads leading to Bank of Baroda and UPTRON estate tri-section, as a result the commuters have been facing acute hardships,\" they said.After listening to the problems of the traders, DM MP Agarwal told the industrialists that he would look into their complaints and provide adequate infrastructure for the industrial area. He instructed the Kanpur Nagar Nigam and UPSIDC authorities to improve the situation at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13522340", "title": "No major decisions in BJP without Modi: Bal Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: The national executive meeting of BJP, held in Mumbai, has made it amply clear that no important decisions can be taken in the party by sidelining Narendra Modi , Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray said today.Thackeray's hard-hitting comments about the goings-on in his party's old ally came in an editorial in Sena mouthpiece 'Saamna' here.\"Modi's consent had to be obtained to pave way for Nitin Gadkari's second term as BJP chief and for that, Sanjay Joshi had to be made the sacrificial lamb,\" Thackeray said.\"BJP had to accept Modi's condition that Joshi had to be shown the door if it wanted the Gujarat chief minister to attend the meeting,\" the Sena chief said.So far, the only claimant in BJP for the Prime Minister's post was senior leader L K Advani, Thackeray said. \"In the new script, several new heroes have stepped forward from the wing. Media says that besides Advani, the list now includes Gadkari, Modi, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley ,\" he said.Everybody should keep personal ambitions aside and strive for victory in next Lok Sabha elections, he said.\"Are senior leaders like Advani observing the goings-on in the party in a neutral manner or are they maintaining a distance deliberately?\" he questioned.The Sena chief also suggested that efforts should be made to bring in old allies Mamata Banerjee, Jayalalitha and Naveen Patnaik back into the NDA fold.Thackeray also described former Karnataka CM B S Yeddyurappa as a \"human bomb\" within BJP, adding that Gadkari would always have to bear in mind that his path his \"paved with landmines\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13503735", "title": "High court to ComedK: Redo post-graduate dental counselling", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday directed the ComedK to hold fresh counselling for P-G dental courses.Dentist Dr Riya Mariam Raju and fellow dentists had filed a petition in the court, saying the ComedK (Consortium of Medical, Engineering and Dental Colleges - Karnataka) barred them from attending counselling on the ground that they had not brought demand drafts from nationalized banks and a few had not brought the original counterfoil.Admitting the petition, Justice Ashok B Hinchigeri said, \"The system owes a duty to honour preferences of meritorious students. Even the apex court had, in umpteen judgments, said admissions should be merit-based.''Stating that the petitioners figured in the top 600 ranks, the judge said banks' failure to affix seals or signatures on the counterfoils cannot be held against the students. He further said the advocates who appeared before the court could not say whether Karur Vysya Bank was nationalized. So the students cannot be faulted for not recognizing banks - nationalized or not.Authorities were unaware that Bank of Maharashtra was nationalized. One of the candidates had split the fee into six DDs: five from Vijaya Bank and one from Karnataka Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13516724", "title": "Twitter admits to tracking users' activities", "text": "LONDON: Micro blogging website Twitter has revealed that it tracks its users' movements across the internet in order to suggest relevant content to tweeters.The company made the disclosure in an email sent to its users about changes to its service and privacy policy.\"We've provided more details [in our new privacy policy] about the information we collect and how we use it to deliver our services and to improve Twitter,\" the email read.\"One example: our new tailored suggestions feature, which is based on your recent visits to websites that integrate Twitter button or widgets, is an experiment that we're beginning to roll out to some users in a number of countries,\" it added.The company further explained the collection of users' data across third party websites that have a Twitter button installed in its updated privacy policy, The Telegraph reports.\"We may tailor content for you based on your visits to third-party websites that integrate Twitter buttons or widgets... While we have the widget data, we may use it to tailor content for you, such as suggestions for people to follow on Twitter,\" it said.\"Tailored content is stored with only your browser cookie ID and is separated from other Widget Data such as page-visit information,\" it added.According to the paper, Twitter also offered its users the chance to turn off this feature.After a maximum of 10 days, Twitter begins the process of deleting or \"aggregating widget data, which is usually instantaneous, but in some cases may take up to a week\".The update to its privacy policy comes after Twitter came under fire earlier this year for copying the content of peoples' entire address books from their mobile phones and storing the information on its servers, without many of its users realising.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13505147", "title": "Onus on telcos for mobile tower collapse: Bhopal Municipal Corporation", "text": "BHOPAL: Jolted into action a day after a mobile tower on a residential building caught fire in Gwalior on Thursday, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Friday said the telecom companies would be held responsible in case of a similar incident in Bhopal.A four-member committee of the civic body is preparing a report on illegal mobile towers in Bhopal, which by its own admission, have become a nuisance.The committee, comprising mayor Krishna Gaur, BMC council chairperson Kailash Mishra, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shriwastawa and Congress corporator Azizuddin has been undertaking the exercise to prepare a report on illegal mobile towers.BMC sources said the committee, however, is still not looking at accountability factor aspect in case of a tower collapse.The BMC commissioner said, \"If Gwalior-like incident takes place in Bhopal, we will hold company responsible for any accident as mobile towers are assets of companies and not building owner. The corporation is also not responsible for the same.\"\"We realize that insuring any mobile tower is important. There are, however, no fixed norms, which make it mandatory for companies to insure mobile towers while following installation procedures,\" he said.\"We provide a no-objection certificate (NOC) to the companies willing to install mobile towers in a particular area. Not just illegal mobile towers, but the telecom towers registered with the corporation have no accountability in case of an accident,\" BMC PRO Virendra Tiwari said.\"Mobile towers are made of iron rods and are heavy. They put additional weight on foundation of any building. If they are not installed as per the specified norms, there are chances of towers causing harm to the building,\" Jyoti Singh, a professor with the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) said.Guidelines specify that the base of the antennae should be at least 3 meters above the ground. The antennae should also be installed from the base. Interestingly, a few telecom towers in the city are installed in keeping with the rules, BMC sources said.Mobile towers installed in the recent years have violated the norms specified by the Environment Protection Act 1986, according to the BMC sources. The mobile towers installed in most of the buildings of Bhopal consist of a single iron rod with network dishes installed at the top. \"These towers are mostly illegal and we are working to check the problem of illegal mobile towers in Bhopal,\" the BMC PRO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499838", "title": "AI logjam on as both sides refuse to bend", "text": "NEW DELHI: The strike by 400-odd pilots of erstwhile Air India that began on May 7 seems unlikely to end in a hurry as a meeting between civil aviation minister Ajit Singh and a section of the striking pilots on Friday remained inconclusive. Ministry sources said that if the stir further intensifies, with 100 executive pilots also joining the stir in coming days, the international operations of AI could be shut down.Also, the airline is now planning to start hiring pilots in a fortnight if the strikers don't get back to work fast.On Friday, Singh met five striking pilots - who are not part of the managing committee of the now-derecognized IPG - after getting feelers that they wanted to return to work. But the pilots remained adamant on their demands of taking back all 101 sacked pilots; re-recognizing IPG and their claims on the Dreamliner.IPG president Jitendra Awhad said: \"The minister did not want to meet IPG officebearers as if it is a terrorist organization and we nominated five people to speak to him. The minister said 'if it is a war, then there have to be casualties on both sides'. This is a threat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13499064", "title": "Fuel is Nagpur Municipal Corporation's golden goose!", "text": "NAGPUR: There was a big reason behind mayor Anil Sole ruling out any possibility of abolishing octroi on petrol after the Rs 7.50/litre hike in prices! The cash-strapped NMC will be effectively shutting the doors on one of its biggest revenue sources if it abolishes octroi on fuels.NMC earned about Rs 34 crore or 8% of its total revenue from levying tax on petrol and diesel last year. Octroi department data shows that the civic body generated Rs 141.71 crore revenue from petrol and diesel, as against a total revenue of Rs 1810.71 crore in last six financial years, from 2006-2012.At present, NMC charges 4.5% octroi on petrol and diesel. \"The Rs 7.50 per litre hike in petrol prices will add Rs 3 crore to the NMC coffers,\" said assistant municipal commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram. From 2009, NMC's octroi collection has risen along with the corresponding rise in fuel prices. \"From 2009 to 2012, the department generated Rs 66.16 crore from petrol,\" said Meshram.\"If the civic body removes octroi, petrol prices would fall Rs 3.69 per litre. But such a move will shrink NMC's revenue. So abolition of octroi on petrol is not a viable option,\" said BJP corporator and former standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi.\"Even if octroi on petrol is reduced by 1%, there will be no major reduction in fuel price. So we decided not to demand such a reduction,\" said social activist Umesh Choubey, who was also chairman of standing committee in 1972. \"Though, at that time there was no octroi on petrol,\" he recalled.However, Choubey said that instead of increasing octroi on petrol and essential commodities like foodgrains, NMC should hike octroi on tobacco products and liquor. He said a delegation met standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari and appealed to him to reduce octroi on essential commodities and petrol.Joshi said that abolishing octroi on petrol will not make a huge difference as the amount comes to around Rs 3.50 a litre, but any such move will hit NMC hard. Joshi also ruled out an increase in octroi on tobacco products and liquor as their contribution to the revenue is minimal. \"Civic body charges 13% octroi on liquor, which translates into Rs 8-10 crore revenue. Income from tobacco products is around Rs 60 lakh,\" explained Joshi.There are no other heads where the civic body can levy more octroi, Joshi said. He, however, feels that the NMC should pass a resolution that it will not increase the existing 4.5% octroi on petrol and diesel.Many organizations have asked the state government to consider reduction in Value Added Tax on petrol. \"With rupee tumbling sharply, petrol price hike was anticipated. But the consequences of this exorbitant hike are devastating for a common man's budget,\" said secretary of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA) Tejinder Singh Renu.VTA had sent a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar to demand reduction in VAT on petrol on the lines of Goa to provide some relief to citizens.VTA has also appealed to NMC to reduce octroi on petrol marginally. If this is not considered favourably by NMC, they'll still lose revenue, as many vehicles would not mind travelling outside NMC limits to fill up, Renu said.Meanwhile, in Mumbai chief minister Prithviraj Chavan too ruled out any reduction in VAT on petrol. \"Last time when the Central government appealed to us to reduce VAT and prices of certain petroleum commodities, we did that,\" he added. \"The government cannot reduce VAT beyond a certain limit. However, the decision is not final and it will be discussed with alliance partner Nationalist Congress Party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13506171", "title": "Mars has building blocks of life?", "text": "LONDON: New evidence from Martian meteorites suggest that the basic building blocks of life are present on the red planet, scientists have claimed.A team at the Carnegie Institution for Science in the US who analysed 10 Martian meteorites, which span 4.2 billion years of the planet's history, found that carbon present in the rocks came from the red planet and was not the result of contamination on Earth .The Martian rocks analysed by the team including the new Tissint meteorite that fell into the Moroccan desert in 2011. But the research , details of which have been published in the journal Science, also shows that the Martian carbon did not come from life forms.Instead, the scientists believe that the \"reduced carbon\" - carbon that is chemically bonded to hydrogen or itself - in the meteorites was created by volcanic activity on Mars. This is evidence \"that Mars has been undertaking organic chemistry for most of its history ,\" they argued.The team's leader Dr Andrew Steele told BBC News, \"For about the last 40 years we have been looking for a pool of 'reduced carbon' on Mars, trying to find where it is, if it's there, asking 'does it exist' ? Without carbon, the building blocks of life cannot exist.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13508179", "title": "NGO distributes holy books on Guru's martyrdom day", "text": "JALANDHAR: In a novel way to mark the martyrdom day of fifth Sikh Guru Arjan Dev, which is observed by organizing chhabeels (free distribution of cold sweetened milk to commuters on roads), an NGO launched the concept of e-Chhabeel - offering books on scriptures, particularly written by the Guru. A free copy of the book would be provided to those who uploaded their addresses on the webpage of NGO Sukrit, on Friday.\"One can choose the language as Punjabi, English or Hindi and the service is open globally, but only on this day,\" said Dr Sarabjeet Singh of the NGO. He said they received requests from across the country and aboard and shall post the books soon.\"The funds are being mobilized by voluntary donors and people like the idea of distributing holy books and gutkas on such occasions,\" said Sarabjeet, who teaches journalism at Punjab Agricultural University in Ludhiana.Also, the NGO's young volunteers distributed copies of the book \"Sukhan Di Mani\" to people of all communities at public places in Jalandhar, Ludhiana, Khanna, Halwara, Ahmadgarh, Amritsar and Jammu, and at bus stands and railway stations. Sarabjeet said around 20,000 books had been given away.A volunteer, Mandeep Kaur, who is a dentist, said: \"With powerful thoughts, one can face the toughest ordeals in a relaxed manner. Gurbani uplifts the soul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13503595", "title": "3 'D' schools prove their mettle in Steel City", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: It's the 'D' factor that is common to the three top schools of the Steel City where the students have delivered stupendously in the CBSE Class X examination, results of which were announced on Thursday.DAV Public School Bistupur, Delhi Public School Mango and DAV NIT are the three institutions with their school name starting with 'D' which have attained the top slot as far as the strength of the A1 grade achievers of the respective schools is concerned.The Bistupur institution has attained the first position with 46 of its students achieving the A1 grade (cumulative point grade average). This year's result has been a bit of surprise for the school given the fact that last year only seven of its students achieved A1 grade. A total of 205 DAV Bistupur school students appeared for the board examination this year.The second in the order is the DPS Mango which has 24 A1 grade students. Last year, this school had 11 A1 grade students. As many as 158 DPS students appeared for the board exam this year. The third on the merit list is DAV-NIT which has 18 A1 grade students this year as compared to the 14 the previous year.\"We have an addition of four more students in the A1 list this year. But I am happy that we have cent percent result and by and large our students have performed well,\" said DAV-NIT school principal S P Sharma. DAV-NIT had 224 students in the board examination, this year.Netaji Subash Public School in Pokhari on Tata-Ghatshila highway stood fourth on the order list with eight of its students earning A1 grade.However, Vidya Bharati Chinmaya School, Telco with seven A1 grade students came fifth in the order but according to the educationists Chinmaya was expected produce about a dozen A1 grade students.\"By and large we are satisfied with the result as 24 of our students are within the bracket of nine and ten (CGPA) points,\" said Chinmaya Vidyalaya principal Bipin Sharma, soon after the results were announced.About 140 students of 15 schools have achieved A1 grade in the twin cities of Jamshedpur and Adityapur. About 3,500 students had appeared for the CBSE board examination this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13499898", "title": "Anand should try to win with dark-coloured pieces", "text": "CHENNAI: The Grandmasters are already talking about the tie breaks in the World Chess Championship in Moscow and the chess fraternity is divided in its opinion about the calibre of the contestants but the defending champion Viswanathan Anand and the challenger Boris Gelfand know the rapid tiebreak games are still miles away.Two big games - on Saturday and Monday - are still remaining in the match.Anand and Gelfand are likely to continue their safety-first policy in these last two games as they are aware of the consequences of one loss in a two-game match.Anand's World Chess Championship games since 2007 show that he is the only one to have won with black pieces and he will have black in Game 11. His match against Veselin Topalov of Bulgaria was decided on the last black and for the record, even his crushing defeat of Vladimir Kramnik of Russia in 2008 started with two black wins in Games 3 and 5.It is difficult to predict who'll have the edge in the rapids because reputation does not mean much in those time-controls. Anand had found this the hard way in both his tiebreaker matches against Kamsky (1994) and Karpov (1998).The chess lovers don't seem to be happy that too many games are drawn without any fight; they are also upset over the amount of theory that is being summoned to the table to drift the games into unchartered territory.Curiously, both the players seemed reluctant to get into a contest over the board and were content to try their home preparations.Game 10 was typical of this theoretical debate. The interesting part was that black could surprise white with a novelty as early as Move Five and the credit for that should go to Gelfand.\"It's always pleasant to apply a novelty on move 5. It doesn't happen every day,\" commented Gelfand later. \"I liked the series of moves where black attacks the knight four times in a row. Black should play precisely but I think the position holds, which I actually demonstrated.\"Yet, the novelties do not bring wins for their masters, which is a huge concern. Probably, this match will be remembered for the ideas that black, in general, brought to the board for getting equality. It remains to be seen whether Anand can recreate his black magic in Game 11 to break this trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13503614", "title": "FIR against assembly speaker", "text": "RANCHI: An FIR was lodged on Friday against Jharkhand assembly speaker C P Singh for violating the model code of conduct during a programme on Monday.\"The FIR has been filed according to the reports of circle officer Manoj Kumar ,\" said city SP Ranjeet Prasad. Singh had inaugurated a newly constructed drain and a lane near Chaudhary Dharamshala in Sukhdeo Nagar.The code of conduct is in place because of Hatia assembly byelection scheduled for June 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "13506030", "title": "One shot dead in Begusarai", "text": "BEGUSARAI: A man shot dead his brother in a property dispute under Lohia Nagar police outpost of Begusarai Town police station on Thursday. Police said the incident occurred when Rajesh Kumar alias Guga was talking to his father at his Lohia Nagar residence.Rajesh's brother Kamal along with his two sons reached there and fired at Rajesh from a close range. He succumbed to his injuries at the hospital. Police said there was a property dispute between the two brothers for the last few years.An FIR was has been lodged by Rajesh's wife in this connection, in which Kamal and his two sons have been made accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499880", "title": "Delhi may soon be kerosene-free", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is planning to make the city \"kerosene-free\". To prevent blackmarketeering of kerosene which is sold only from licensed oil depots under the public distribution system in the capital, the state government is planning to give sops for motivating and getting BPL ration card holders and the poorest of the poor who hold Antyodaya cards to shift to LPG.That the use of kerosene as cooking fuel has fallen sharply will only help the government in bringing this about. Highly-placed sources in the government said that chief minister Sheila Dikshit is likely to announce this in her budget speech for 2012-13 on Monday.This may require the food and civil supplies department to put in place a scheme for providing LPG connections and cylinders, besides gas stoves, at cheap rates to these sections.This will be brought about gradually over the next one year. And once LPG becomes the source of cooking fuel for the poor, kerosene depots will be closed and the oil made available in the open market at the market price to prevent misuse and blackmarketeering.Kerosene is sold at 2,350 oil depots under PDS. There are 2.44 lakh BPL cardholders and 1.29 lakh Antyodaya cardholders who are eligible to get a quota of 12.50 litres of kerosene at a rate of Rs 14.83 paise per litre month.It's, however, widely known that they are deprived of their full share share with the supplies being diverted to the open market and sold at a rate of about Rs 45 per litre. It is also used to adulterate petrol.Senior officials of the food and civil supplies department admit that they have been receiving many complaints of kerosene being diverted to the open market and that's why the policy shift to LPG.NGOs working in slums say it is common to find oil depots cheating people. Vimla, a social worker from Mahila Pragati Manch, points out that in Old Seemapuri there have been many cases of ration seekers being given only 9.50 litres of kerosene instead of their 12.50-litre quota.\"We are not averse to the idea of a shift from kerosene to LPG but it needs to be seen how affordable the shift will be,\" said Vimla. Similar concerns were raised by women residents of areas like Jehangirpuri and Bhalswa. According to a recent report released by the Directorate of Census Operations, citing data from Census 2011, use of kerosene as a cooking fuel has gone down sharply.In 2001, 24.7% urban households used kerosene as cooking fuel in the capital. It was down to 5.2% in 2011. LPG has emerged as a chosen fuel in urban Delhi. In rural areas too, kerosene use has gone down from 9.5% in 2001 to 7.7% in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "13506388", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to inaugurate national seminar in Manipal today", "text": "MANIPAL: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee will be in Manipal on Saturday to inaugurate the national seminar on `21st century as the Asian century: role of India and China,' at Fortune Inn Valley View at 3 pm.Dr Arvind Kumar, the head of the Manipal Centre for Asian Studies and the convener of the seminar said that that during his short visit to Manipal University on Saturday, the finance minister would also inaugurate the ground floor of academic block of MIT campus.Arvind said that the two-day meet was meant for expert-level discussions to identify various challenges in Asia's transition from middle power to great power and how the twenty-first century would belong to Asia. The following major themes will be discussed at the meet: Challenges to the shift of the centre of gravity from the west to east and the probable role of India and China, economic indices and comprehensive national power, foreign policy challenges for India and China in the transition, strategic capabilities and military power and future trajectory of the centre of gravity.Arvind said that the global economic recession in the past five years had got accelerated and it had been signaling the shift of the centre of gravity from the west to east. For instance, just one year after the deepest recession in recent history in 2008, Asia was able to manage well and absorbed the economic meltdown in a very effective manner, he said.The FM will be received by chancellor of Manipal University Dr Ramdas M Pai and wife Vasanthi Pai, Dr Ranjan Pai, Dr HS Ballal, Mohandas Pai and Somnath Das. He will also visit a few facilities in the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501898", "title": "Higher Secondary exam shorter next year", "text": "KOLKATA: Considering the load and stress on candidates taking the Higher Secondary examinations next year, the West Bengal Council for Higher Secondary Education has decided to reduce the span of the examination from a month to 12 days. \"It was always stressful for students to withstand the anxiety of examinations for almost a month,\" said Muktinath Chattopadhyay, council president.According to him, the administrative support, which includes police protection and coordination with other departments, was prolonged due to the long duration. Now, the task will be easier.\"As the examination is conducted in this humid weather, there is a possibility of students falling ill. We will now arrange and offer the combinations in a way that the exams are better knit and end quickly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13498327", "title": "Depleting green cover prompts plantation drive", "text": "NOIDA: Amidst reports of depleting green cover across the state, the district authorities seem to have gone on a plantation overdrive.Just a week after the Noida Authority directed its horticulture department to take up a massive plantation drive and enhance the existing green expanse by over 400 acres by planting at least five lakh saplings, the district magistrate has now chalked out a plan to plant nearly 1.5 lakh saplings in Noida and Greater Noida.The plan was finalized by the district magistrate, MKS Sundaram in a recent meeting. The plantation will be done between the months of July and September. The DM has roped in several departments to help make the plantation drive a success. To begin with, a vacant plot of 96 hectares belonging to the forest department has been identified where 62,000 saplings will be planted. Around 15,000 saplings will be planted in schools and colleges in the two cities.The district implementation committee constituted for the programme has roped in the forest department, PWD, agriculture and irrigation departments and industrial houses for the drive. Vacant or underutilized plots belonging to the said departments will be used for planting thousands of saplings.According to Sundaram, while only native trees will be planted in the forest land, ornamental, fruiting or horticulture trees will be planted along with several native varieties in the non-forest land.Meanwhile, the Noida Authority has identified a total area of 430 acres, spread across the city, for its plantation drive which will also begin in July this year. Besides, the Authority will also plant more saplings along the roads and in the already existing green belt areas in the city.The Authority has also proposed to construct new parks in various sectors. The Authority has directed its horticulture department to especially plant more Neem trees in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13499114", "title": "CBI should first question Ramachandra Rao: V Hanumantha Rao", "text": "GUNTUR: Giving a new twist to the ongoing CBI probe into the Jagan illegal assets case, senior Congress leader V Hanumantha Rao on Friday demanded that the CBI first interrogate party MP K V P Ramachandra Rao to unearth more details on the various illegal deals that were inked during late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's regime. KVP was the eyes and ears of YSR and acted as the chief advisor to the government. He said he would write a letter to the investigation agency in this regard.He said there was no rationale in making leaders like Mopidevi Venkataramana accountable for the deals while ignoring KVP. Speaking to reporters here, he said that Jagan deserved to go behind the bar, but it should happen only after questioning KVP. VHR alleged that the YSR family had looted hundreds of crores of rupees of public money and no one should be spared from interrogation. \"The financial advisor of Jagan, Vijaysai, was arrested. The auditors in the Satyam case were arrested. Why not YSR's friend and advisor KVP?\" he asked.The Rajya Sabha MP pointed out that YSR's personal aide, Sureedu, had confessed before the CBI interrogators that everyone who had come to the CM's camp office had to meet KVP. \"I fail to understand as to why the investigators are not questioning KVP,\" he expressed. He said that such a lopsided investigation would raise doubts about the credibility and investigative methods of CBI among the people. \"People are apprehensive about the way the investigation into the multi-crore scandal is progressing. The CBI has named YSR as an accused but has not bothered to question KVP till now,\" he pointed out. VHR said he would be writing a letter to CBI joint director V Lakshminarayana to grill KVP. He went on to say that all the other advisors during the YSR regime were equally responsible and they should also be questioned .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13504881", "title": "Saquib tried to save his aide", "text": "INDORE: The alleged contract killer, Saquib Ali, had tried to save an aide, if they were caught, by concealing the name of a shooter of RTI activist Shehla Masood. As per the charge-sheet, in early February this year, Saquib, shooter Ifran Ali and Tabish held a meeting at Kanpur. Saquib and Tabish had reportedly traveled under fictitious names - Layeek and Shahid.The three accused, if caught for the murder, decided that they would put the blame on a shooter based in Kanpur namely Shanu Olanga in order to hoodwink the police, said sources. The trio hatched this plan thinking that they would get away with murder charge and would be tried for criminal conspiracy only. By doing so, Tabish could be kept out of trouble. But the plan did not work, and during the interrogation, Saquib and Irfan had to reveal their plot over Onlanga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13524226", "title": "IPL has brought forth fresh talent: Scindia", "text": "BHOPAL: Brushing aside controversies surrounding the IPL, union minister of state for commerce and industries, Jyotiraditya Scindia on Saturday said the event had done a good thing by highlighting new talent in cricket.It is because of the IPL that names of budding cricketers like Naman Ojha , Umesh Yadav and Ambati Rayudu can be heard, the minister told reporters, adding that no one would have heard of these names, had the IPL not taken place.There may have been irregularities and problems in the IPL, but these were being looked into by the BCCI and the IPL governing council, he said.Because of IPL, cricket has acquired international standards which is good for the game, he said.To a poser, Scindia said he did not agree with Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's statement that IPL matches would not be allowed in the state. \"I am strongly opposed to any move to banning IPL matches in Madhya Pradesh,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13500895", "title": "Goons roam free as externment orders by Akola cops overturned", "text": "AKOLA: Even as the local police have been issuing externment orders against notorious criminals, many such elements are roaming the city streets. This is due to the state home department or the district administration's subdivisional magistrate setting aside proposals of externment of goons sent by local police after hearing at district or Mantralaya level.This has been happening despite registration of several serious cases against the goonda elements after people were terrorized. Even some politicians of ruling as well as opposition parties were externed, but to no avail.Sajid Khan Pathan, former chairman of standing committee of Akola Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) and sitting Congress corporator, got relief recently when his externment proposal was set aside by the district administration. He is not only infamous as a white collar criminal, but was also involved in assault on a public servant.He and his followers had attacked the then municipal commissioner GN Kurve in broad daylight in the heart of the city. He was also charged with attempt to murder and stayed in police lock up, besides some other serious offences registered against him.Similarly, Mahboobkhan alias Mabba, is also facing several charges under IPC but his externment proposal was set aside. City Kotwali police headed by Vilas Patil had prepared the proposal, which was been endorsed by deputy superintendent of police. However, the subdivisional magistrate (SDM) set aside both these proposals.The externment proposals of notorious goons like Abdula Khan, Feroz Khan , Nisar Beg alias Tenya and Santosh Sonone have also been set aside by SDM Akola in the past. In the case of Abdulla Khan and Feroz Khan, the proposals had been accepted but in appeal the state home secretary quashed the externment.The police too are at fault in some cases, as they have not arrested some goons even after their anticipatory bail pleas were rejected by sessions court or high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500269", "title": "Talwars plead 'not guilty', to face trial from June 4", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ghaziabad sessions court on Friday formally charged Dr Rajesh Talwar and his wife Nupur Talwar with the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj. The court also set the trial date for June 4.The couple arrived in court in the morning and waited till afternoon for the framing of charges. Once the process began, Additional District Judge Shyam Lal asked the couple to approach the dais and asked them if they plead guilty or they would face trial.The couple said they would face trial. They signed the charge papers and left. The couple will now move Allahabad high court, challenging the framing of charges against them. Earlier in the day, Talwars' counsel moved an application in the court, seeking a certified copy of the court order and at least 15 days' time before commencement of trial so that they could prepare their case. The court, however, granted only nine days. From June 4, CBI will produce its evidence in court along with witnesses who will testify in court. The Talwars will then cross examine these witnesses.The court also slapped another charge-that of misleading the investigation-against Rajesh. He had filed an FIR with Noida police earlier, alleging that Hemraj had killed his daughter in their Jalvayu Vihar residence on the intervening night of May 15-15, 2008. The body of Hemraj was found on the terrace of the house on May 17.On Thursday, the court had ordered framing of charges against the couple under Sections 302, 201 and 34, saying that on the face of it, there was enough evidence against them. Judge Shyam Lal had cited CBI's argument that during Aarushi's postmortem, a white discharge was found on her private parts, which indicated a motive of the crime.This argument was strongly opposed by Talwars' lawyer Manoj Sisodia. He had said, \"Such discharge was not uncommon among girls of Aarushi's age and does not show that she was having intercourse with Hemraj which enraged Talwar couple prompting them to kill her.\"Nupur is at present lodged in Dasna Jail while Rajesh is out on bail. Earlier this month Judge Shyam Lal had turned down Nupur's bail plea, saying that she was accused of not just the murder of her daughter but also a poor servant. The court had observed that \"the legal history (of this case) is replete with instances of matricide, patricide and fratricide\". \"She is accused of killing her own progeny, who was in her teens, apart from killing Hemraj, who had come over from Nepal to eke out a livelihood.She is also accused of obliterating the evidence of commission of offence of twin murders. At this stage it will not be proper to advert to the merits of the case,\" Judge Shyam Lal had said in his May 2 order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13503635", "title": "Drought takes heavy toll on elephants in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: The severe drought in Karnataka has hit elephants too, with 23 of them dying due to dehydration. The deaths occurred between January and May in the 643-sqkm Nagarahole tiger reserve. On Friday, an elephant died in the Kalhalla range of Nagarahole. Last year, 13 elephants had died in the same period.Many of the deaths have been due to dehydration and intestinal infections caused by contaminated water, officials say. \"The drought has led to the level in water bodies falling drastically; underground water has also dried up. As a result, they're consuming contaminated water,\" Ajai Mishra, chief conservator of forests, Project Elephant, told TOI.Usually, there are two or three showers by this time of the year; but this has been a dry season. \"This year, elephants have had very little high-quality foliage due to lack of rain. This is sure to send the animals out of their comfort zone in search of greener pastures,\" says Raman Sukumar, honorary director, Asian Elephant Research and Conservation Centre, Bangalore.But forest officials insist the high number of deaths isn't a matter of concern \"It's not an epidemic. These are independent cases. The elephant population is quite high in the state. The situation is under control and elephants are being given proper treatment,\" says BJ Hosmat, field director, Project Tiger (Nagarahole and Bandipur tiger reserves).Significantly, some elephants are also moving out of Karnataka to the forests of Wayanad and Mudumalai in search of food and water. The forest officials say the animals will return as soon as the state gets optimum rain.ExpertSpeakIf elephants are dying due to natural environmental causes such as shortage of water, I think it is no cause for worry. Natural population control of mega-herbivores such as elephants occurs mostly due to resource crunch, including water and fodder. This is a natural cycle and is acceptable in a healthy ecosystem. There is no anxiety until the deaths are caused due to unnatural reasons such as poaching, electrocution or human-induced diseases.- Sanjay Gubbi | wildlife biologist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500753", "title": "Anna blames corruption for petrol price hike", "text": "NASHIK: Attacking the central government, anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare blamed corruption to be the cause of steep hike in fuel prices.\"The corrupt practices prevailing in the country are making the life of the common man miserable and the latest example is the steep hike in petroleum prices,\" Anna Hazare said addressing the public rally at Bhalekar grounds on Thursday evening. Anna Hazare was in Nashik city as part of his awareness campaign for Lokpal Bill jointly organized by Bhrashtachar Virodhi Janandolan Nyas and Patanjali Yog Sutra.Anna further said that he and Yoga guru Baba Ramdev have decided to travel across the country to raise awareness among the people against corruption. \"On June 3, I will finish the rallies in Maharashtra. Thereafter, we will both tour separately raising awareness against corruption and the need for the Lokpal Bill. We will be campaigning for more than one and half years before the next Lok Sabha elections are announced,\" Anna said.The 72-year-old, who came to the ground after touring the city looked well. In his address , Anna said that his hopes were pinned upon youngsters as they were the future. \"The youth have the power and India needs this power,\" Anna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13524798", "title": "Sonia Gandhi confident of more outfits joining peace process in north-east", "text": "GUWAHATI: UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi today expressed confidence that insurgent outfits who have not come forward for talks so far will realise the futility of violence and join the peace process.''I am happy to note that UPA and Congress led-Assam government's efforts to end insurgency through dialogue have been positive as most insurgent outfits have announced their decision to abjure violence,'' Gandhi said at the official celebration of Congress government's completion of first year of its third consecutive term in the state.''Most insurgent outfits have realised violence cannot solve any problem and have left this path for peace. The government will take all measures to establish peace and fulfill their aspirations,'' she said.The Congress president said that today was a day of celebration for the party. ''But at the same time we realise the huge responsibility the people of Assam has reposed in us and we renew our pledge to serve them better to take them on the path of peace, development and prosperity.''Gandhi said Tarun Gogoi assumed power in the state 11 years ago its condition was ''pathetic''. ''Assam was in a state of chaos and disarray ... Insurgency was at its height, the treasury was empty, government employees were not paid salaries, development was at an all-time low, industries and industrialists were fleeing.''The people of Assam joined hands with the Congress to change the situation and take the state forward on the road of development, she added.Gandhi said Assam's strength is in its diversity and the people of the state have realised that it is Congress that will take all sections of society into consideration in the development process.''Rajiv Gandhi had realised this 27 years ago when he signed the historic Assam Accord and we are working according to its provisions,'' she added.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who has represented Assam in Rajya Sabha for 20 years, takes a personal interest in its development and the Centre along with the state government has initiated several schemes specifically for the state.She said four new bridges would be built on Brahmaputra river, which is the lifeline of the state and an integral part of its cultural identity.There has been a marked improvement in the condition of roads while there has been increased investment in the power sector and eight lakh BPL families have been provided with electricity under Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana, she said. Several new schemes have been undertaken for empowering women like strengthening of self-help groups and under Panchayati Raj and reservation of 50 per cent seats for them. As a part of the development of all sections of society including SC/STs, backward castes, indigenous communities, the government has set up eight autonomous councils and 18 development councils.Assam has also taken full advantages of National Rural Health Mission. ''I have been told that the people are receiving much better health care and facilities,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501928", "title": "New twist in Norway kids custody row, grandpas lodge complaints", "text": "KOLKATA: The fight over the custody of the two kids - Aishwarya and Abhigwan - has found a new stage now, Burdwan's Kulti. The two grandfathers, one from the maternal side and another from the paternal, have lodged complaints against each other with Kulti police station.The mother of the kids Sagarika Chakraborty, who is staying in Birati since mid-April after her return from Norway, went to meet her children at Kulti last Wednesday. Sagarika's father Monotosh Chakraborty, who had initially gone to the house of Ajay Bhattacharya - the paternal grandfather of the kids - has lodged a complaint saying he was abused by the Bhattacharyas.On Thursday, when Sagarika went to meet the children, she was not initially allowed to enter the house. Though Sagarika was allowed later after police intervened, the Bhattacharyas reportedly didn't let her touch the kids. Even Sagarika complained that some local criminals have threatened to kill her if she wants to meet the children. On Friday, Sagarika informed that she too has lodged a complaint with Kulti police station. According to her, a complaint has been lodged against her and her father accusing them of trying to take away the children from the Bhattacharyas house forcibly.The children are now staying with the uncle Arunabhas Bhattacharya after a court order from Norway. Sagarika said that she last met the children on April 25, when they were in her relative's house in Sinthee. \"The Bhattacharyas misbehaved with me then too. They had earlier stated before the media that they would allow me to stay in their Kulti house with the kids,\" she said.The children were in foster care between May 2011 and April 20, 2012, as the Norwegian child care agency had found that there was lack of parental care at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "13505676", "title": "Chowkidar\u2019s body found in Katihar", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The body of a middle-aged Chowkidar, who was brutally killed, was found lying abandoned near an orchard at village Borni under Dhandkhora police station in Katihar district on Thursday.Chowkidar Basudeo Paswan went missing since Wednesday night after he came out of his house at Borni. Despite hectic search all through the night, the missing chowkidar remained traceless. On Thursday, his friend Sanjhala Kisku, who happened to pass through an orchard, came across the body, which was lying upside turned down. He was immediately identified as the missing chowkidar, police said.\"The chowkidar was apparently attacked with a sharp-edged weapon. His neck and arm were slashed. The assailants had left the body near the orchard,\" police said. The chowkidar had two wives and the relation between the two women was strained.His first wife Anita Devi had lately been living separately with her two sons. Raghubir Paswan, elder son from his second wife, in an FIR lodged with Dhandkhora police station, has laid the blame squarely on his step-brother Shanker Paswan and step-mother Anita Devi and charged them with killing his father Basudeo Paswan, police said.Raghubir has averred that his father had desperately tried to broker peace with his \"estranged\" first wife Anita Devi and son Shanker Paswan. He had even visited them some five months back and tried to persuade them to come back to his house.However, instead of giving nod to his father's overture, his step brother and step mother allegedly heaped insult and even bashed him up, mentioned Raghubir in the FIR.\"The slain chowkidar, Basudeo Paswan, was under suspension and his LIC policy had also matured,\" police said.Dhandkhora SHO Basukinath Jha on Friday said the police are still investigating if the killing was a fallout of the simmering feud between the two wives of the chowkidar.No one has been arrested so far, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13519080", "title": "CBI grills Jagan Mohan Reddy again in disproportionate assets case", "text": "HYDERABAD, Kadapa MP Y S Jagan Mohan Reddy on Saturday appeared before the CBI for the second round of questioning in connection with the alleged disproportionate assets case.Jagan, who was grilled for more than eight hours yesterday, was questioned about the alleged irregularities with regard to VANPIC project, according to CBI sources.He was questioned in the presence of other accused Nimmagadda Prasad, an industrialist, and Brahamananda Reddy, former Special Secretary Infrastructure Department Andhra Pradesh.Terming the quizzing as \"peaceful\", the Kadapa MP said that \"clarifications have been sought and have been given. I will be facing them (CBI) again.I will be giving them further clarifications.\"The CBI had already arrested state excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao, who held infrastructure portfolio during Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's regime.CBI alleged that the government orders issued by Mopidevi and Brahamanda Reddy with regard to VANPIC project were not according to Cabinet decisions.This is for the first time since the CBI lodged an FIR against him in August last, and subsequently filed three chargesheets against him, that Jagan was quizzed by the agency.The CBI alleges that Jagan \"influenced\" his father and late Andhra Pradesh chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy into doling out favours to select investors as a quid-pro-quo for investing into his businesses.The probe agency had earlier said it wanted to question Jagan on the Vadarevu and Nizampatnam Ports and Industrial Corridor (VANPIC) deal in the presence of Nimmagadda Prasad and Brahamananda Reddy who are already under arrest.Prasad is the promoter in the VANPIC deal and allegedly invested Rs 850 crore in the business of Jagan for land allotment made to the VANPIC project by the then YSR regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "13505708", "title": "Southern Railway introduces e-auction of scrap", "text": "SALEM: To provide a common platform for scrap purchasers all over the country, a new system of e-auction of railway scrap material has been introduced by Southern Railway.Enabling the purchasers to offer their bids online in a fair and transparent manner, the system was introduced for the first time in the country, among 16 zonal railways including South Western, South Eastern etc.The new system was inaugurated by BK Sinha, the controller of Southern Railway on Friday at Bodanur, where scrap material worth Rs 60 cr is sold annually.The scrap, largely iron, steel, aluminum, brass and copper is generated from thousands of wagons, coaches and locomotives that are no longer in use. They are sold through open bidding in the presence of the concerned officials. The auction is being conducted in Chennai, Trichy and Coimbatore.\"Southern Railway had fixed Rs 340 crore as its target during the 2011-12 financial year. Scrap materials were sold for Rs 350 crore for the year,\" an officer in the railways said.Meanwhile, a cleanliness drive was conducted at the Salem railway station on Friday. It was headed by the Salem railway divisional manager Sujatha Jayaraj. Along with other officers and NSS volunteers of Salem's Thyagaraja Polytechnic, she distributed leaflets to passengers about helping railways to keep their premises and compartments clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13498422", "title": "HSC exams: Mumbai logs worst result in a decade", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai scored its lowest pass percentage-68.7%-in at least a decade in this year's HSC exams. The news was much better for Maharashtra, which recorded an overall pass rate of 67.9%, up 2.3% from last year. The Mumbai division's pass rate has dipped consistently since 2008, when 80.2% students made the grade. Over the past 10 years, the highest pass rate came in 2003, when 84% of students got through.This year's showing is almost 1% lower than last year's success rate of 69.5%. While 3.1 lakh students took the exam in Mumbai this year, only 2.1 lakh passed.Maharashtra, meanwhile, saw its pass rate climb after dipping each year since 2009, when it was 78.4%. The Latur division's success rate, which plunged to 44.8% in 2010 and stood at 46.4% last year, rose by nearly 20% to 66.1%. This was mainly responsible for lifting the state's performance. \"Latur's earlier poor showing was one reason for the state's poor performance. This year, the division performed really well, adding to the state's overall success rate,\" said a senior state board official. Amravati's students also pulled up their socks and did better by 10%.The Mumbai division had some reason to cheer with four well-known junior colleges getting 100% pass rates. They included SIES Commerce, Sion, and Fr Agnel, Vashi. Principals said though rare, some colleges have achieved the feat in the past.State education minister Rajendra Darda told TOI, \"The board managed to announce the timetable a year in advance, which could have helped students in their preparations. Latur, Amravati and Aurangabad, which did dismally last year, did really well this time.\" He added that this will be the first year students get copies of their answer sheets.|Girls continued to do better than boys in the state as well as city, with their pass percentages being 14% better in the city and 12% better in the state. The campaign against malpractices saw the number of cheating cases fall by 40.2% to 2,652.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502238", "title": "New law soon for women's safety in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: The state government is planning to introduce a new law to ensure the safety of women. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said here on Friday that the government was in the process of bringing a new legislation for the safety of women.\"We are preparing a draft for the new law. A meeting of women's organisations has been convened in state capital on June 6 to discuss the new law. We want to ensure safety of women in Kerala,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13507364", "title": "Kids pledge for the planet", "text": "DUGRI: In a bid to spread awareness about environment protection, students of BCM School, Dugri, on Friday celebrated World Environment Day. Students of classes VI, VII and VIII took part in various activities like poster making and sowing saplings. They also pledged to protect earth from degradation.Principal Vandana Shahi, who supervised the activities, said, \"There is a global environmental crisis and huge loss of green cover all over the world. Deforestation is adding up to global warming and restoration of greenery is the need of the hour.\"Komal of class VI took part in planting a tree. Bubbling with excitement about the activity, she said, \"World Environment Day is celebrated on June 5, but we celebrated it today as summer break is going to start soon. I am happy that I could contribute towards this noble cause.\"It was clear from their active participation of the children that they are concerned about environment. Preetinder of class VII said, \"Even though we all did our bit in sowing saplings and watering plants, gardeners at the school assisted us in knowing about the different species of plants and how we can grow these plants in the vicinity of the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501452", "title": "Novels are now part of syllabus in CBSE schools", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exemplifying renowned thinker Francis Bacon's quotation, \"Reading maketh a full man....,\" and to inculcate good reading habits among the children, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has decided to introduce novels for classes IX to XII from the 2012-13 academic session.In a recently issued circular, the CBSE has laid emphasis on reading novels and it feels that this could children in acquiring power of imagination, expression and appreciation of literature. It further states that though all the skills of gaining proficiency in a language are equally important, nevertheless, reading habit helps tremendously in improving comprehension, accuracy, fluency, and in increasing vocabulary.Delighted with the move, Lucknow CBSE coordinator, Jawaid Alam Khan said, \"It is seen that children nowadays are keeping themselves away from reading just because such books are not in their course curriculum. To develop learning habits, novels are introduced. Besides, it also provides extra knowledge to the students.\"The board argued that reading provokes questioning, helps in generating ideas and inspires students to think. It supports the curriculum in diverse ways by enhancing language competence across the curriculum. As per the CBSE, strengthening of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has added impetus in fostering interest in children to reaAd books.As part of Formative Assessment in CCE, schools are advised to take up 'reading projects'. \"Schools are also being encouraged to use multiple modes of assessment such as conducting reviews, script, reading, discussion, open houses and others,\" said Jawaid.Therefore, from this year, schools have the choice to choose between two novels for each class.For class IX, the recommended books are Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift or Three Men in a Boat by Jerome K Jerome. The class X students will have to study either Diary of a Young Girl by Anne Frank or The Story of My Life by Helen Keller. In class XI, the novels suggested are, The Canterville Ghost by Oscar Wilde or Up From Slavery by Booker T Washington. For class XII, the novels are, Hounds of Baskerville by Arthur Conan Doyle or Lord of Flies by William Golding.The board has however, not specified any name of the publisher.It is to mention that students studying in Council for the Indian School of Certificate Examinations (CISCE) board have to compulsorily study novels which are a part of their curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13503202", "title": "From midday meal school to roll of honour", "text": "BOKARO: At least 400 students in Bokaro have scored 10 cumulative grade point average (CGPA) in Class X CBSE examination this year, but success of Nupur (16), daughter of a contract worker, hogged the limelight.Nupur scored 10 CGPA from Bokaro Steel Kalyan Vidyalaya, a school run by Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) for the poor students. Her hard labour and strong determination proved that where there is a will there is way.Nupur's achievement has not just made her parents proud but also set an example for other poor students of her school. She is among the 23 students, the first batch of Kalyan Vidyalaya, to have appeared for Class X examination.Apart from Nupur, two other students Krishnakant and Govind got 9.4 CGPA, said Madhu Mallick, principal of Kalyan Vidyalaya. Delighted with the exemplary performance of the students in the township, CEO of BSL, Anutosh Maitra and other senior officers had words of praise for them. They also congratulated students of Kalyan Vidyalaya.Kalyan Vidyalaya was founded in April 2007 under corporate social responsibility programme of BSL with an aim to provide free education to the deprived students along with midday meal, dress, books and stationary items.Nupur gave the entire credit for her success to her parents and school. Her father, Niwas Singh is a contract worker while mother Gauri Devi is housewife. They live in an outhouse at Sector-III/C in the town.\"I am grateful to the school for giving me an opportunity to study when most of the girls of my age have taken up odd jobs to supplement family income,\" she said. However her aim in life is to crack IIT-JEE and become an IAS officer , later in life.Niwas and Gauri were overwhelmed with Nupur's performance. Gauri said, \"I am proud of my daughter,\" said Niwas.This year, Bokaro students have proved their mettle in Class X board examination. Nearly every school in the district has claimed 100 percent results. DPS has the lion's share with as many as 137 students scoring CGPA 10. Forty students from Guru Gobind Public School (GGPS) have also achieved same grades. Besides, ARS public School, Ayyappa Public School and Chinmaya Vidyalaya have also performed well this year. \"I am very happy with the performance of my students,\" said Hemlata S Mohan, the adviser to DPS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13498501", "title": "Kakkar murder case: Palande was inspired by Susairaj case", "text": "MUMBAI: The police suspect that double murder accused Vijay Palande's killing of Karankumar Kakkar was to an extent inspired by Neeraj Grover's murder. Both victims were killed in flats, their bodies chopped in bathrooms, packed in bags and dumped outside the city. Kakkar, an aspiring film producer, was killed on March 5 this year and Grover, a TV executive, in May 2008.\"Palande had detailed knowledge of the Grover case,\" said an officer who inter8rogated him. \"He told us Maria Susairaj and Emi8le Jerome were absolved of mur8der charges as no one had seen Jerome enter her flat, le8a8ve alone witness the crime.\"Palande insists that similarly, no one saw him or his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde enter Kakkar's flat. He told us that he, too, would be absolved of the charge of murder.\"Jerome was convicted on the charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Susairaj was found guilty of destroying evidence.Though there are many similarities in the two cases, including the involvement of women, a major difference is that while Grover's murder was a crime of passion, Kakkar's killing was in cold blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13523527", "title": "Jaya Prada says she will join BJP only after consulting Amar Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jaya Prada on Saturday made it clear that she will take the decision of joining the BJP or another political party only after consulting Amar Singh.Jaya Prada, who is a second term Lok Sabha MP from Rampur in Uttar Pradesh, reportedly met BJP national president Nitin Gadkari a few days back.\"BJP may think about making me their candidate from Rampur, so far nothing officially conveyed to me,\" the actress-turned-politician said.She further said: \"Will only take final decision after talking to Amar Singh, I am getting offers from all parties.\"I respect Nitinji, Advaniji, Sushmaji, and I am happy that media is responding to these reports positively (of her joining BJP).\"Jaya Prada, who left the TDP, the party that served as a launch pad to her political career, in early 2000 to join Amar Singh at the Samajwadi Party , is looking for an opportunity to revive her political fortune in Andhra Pradesh as well.Meanwhile, Jaya Prada's political rival, Azam Khan said that he was not surprised by her move to join the BJP.The former actress also tried to mend fences with TDP president Chandrababu Naidu by saying she had never spoken ill of him during her visit to Tirupati in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501648", "title": "Mercury kisses 44.5\u00b0C in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hot weather conditions intensified in the state on Friday with maximum temperatures crossing 44 degrees Celsius mark at most places. While Lucknow recorded the hottest day of the season with 44.5 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, mercury soared to 47.2 degrees in Allahabad, the maximum in the state.Weather said that there will be not relief from the hot weather for at least next couple of days. The month of April was pleasant this year in the city. Even the first fortnight of the month of May saw below 40 degrees temperature.However, after May 15, the temperatures have been keeping above normal. On Friday, the maximum temperature was four degrees above normal. As per the Met department terminology, the heat wave conditions are declared when temperature is five degrees above normal. However, in the Met observatory, temperatures are measured in ideal conditions in open space with greenery, whereas in the city with concrete structures around and high vehicular pollution, the temperature is generally 2-3 degrees above the mercury level recorded by the Met observatory. So if the maximum temperature recorded by the Met department on Friday was 44.5 degrees, the people in the city actually faced 46-47 degrees temperature.The dry, hot westerly winds continued to lash the city, adding to the discomfort due to high temperature. The Met department stated that gusty winds were actually boon in disguise as they prevented temperature to rise by a couple of degrees due to 'mixing phenomenon' in the atmosphere. In common parlance, the wind stole some of the heat from the sweltering sunrays.Though Friday was the hottest day of the city this summer, temperatures were lower in comparison to previous years. In fact, in 2010, the maximum temperature in the month of May was 44.7 degrees Celsius on May 13; in 2005, mercury level on May 26 had touched 44.7 degrees and in 2005 on March 13, the maximum temperature was 45.1 degrees. However, there are still five days in May this year and the rising temperature can beat old records of the city.In fact, state Met director J P Gupta said that the summer is in its full glory this year. All the features of the summer - dry hot air, high temperature, dust/thunder storm and clear sky - are present. Otherwise, in last few years, the humidity level used to be high in May. High humidity level along with high temperatures raises the discomfort level. But this year, the mean maximum temperature in 25 days in May so far has been 40.5 degrees Celsius, which is at par with the normal maximum temperature set by the Met department for the month of May. But what has been missing in summer this year is rains. Though the city was hit by a few thunder storms, actual rainfall has been low. The normal rains for May is 16.5 mm. Dust and thunder storms are generated by temperature and pressure variations and are nature's intervention to balance things.No respite from heatThe Met department predicted that the heat wave conditions would continue to prevail over some parts of east Uttar PradeshThere can be rise in maximum temperatures by about 2 degrees during the next 48 hoursAccording to reports reaching Met headquarters till Friday evening, maximum temperatures were 3-6 degrees above normal across the state. The night temperatures were also above normal at most placesDistricts where maximum temperature was above 42 degrees included Ballia, Mathura, Gorakhpur, Jhansi, Hardoi, Sonbhadra, Gonda, Sitapur, Faizabad, Lakhimpur Kheri, Moradabad, Bareilly, Ghaziabad, Etah and Farrukhabad among others.Monsoon to reach on timeGood news, however, was that the monsoon has further advanced into most parts of southeast Bay of Bengal and Andaman Sea and some parts of southwest and east-central Bay of Bengal. And conditions are favourable for further advancement of southwest monsoon into some parts of Maldives area, south and central Bay of Bengal and remaining parts of Andaman Sea during next 23 days. This means, the monsoon would arrive in India on time. The normal date of monsoon onset in Kerela is June 1. It reaches UP by June 15 and Lucknow June 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13503192", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation may submit monorail report before schedule", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Preliminary works on the monorail, which is planned with the aim to ease travel woes in the city has been progressing rapidly.The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) that is entrusted with the task of preparing detailed project report (DPR) is likely to submit the report before June 15, the deadline set by the state government for the submission of the DPR.According to highly placed sources, DMRC has already completed 90% work of the DPR and is most likely to submit the report on June 7.DMRC has already completed the studies on route and traffic, engineering and field surveys for preparing the report.It has also finalized locations and designs of the stations. At present, the DMRC is in the process of carrying out detailed study on the alignment.It is learnt that DMRC is also in the final stage of conducting the environmental impact study, which has been outsourced to an agency, according to officials. The team, which is in the city, is expected to complete the environmental impact study in the next two days.The DPR will have details of the land that is required to be acquired for the construction of the stations.Officials said that it would require 2 to 2.5 hectares of land for the project.The first phase of the project, which an investment of Rs 1,750 crore, will cover 13.5 km stretch from medical college to Meenchanta and would be completed by 2015.The DMRC expects that 1.3 lakh people will travel in the monorail, which will have 15 stops in the first phase, every day.The government is considering the option of availing 50% of the project cost from the country that will be selected to supply train sets. Union and state governments are expected to share 25% of the project cost and the DPR will give suggestions in this regard. As per the present estimate, the project cost of the first phase is Rs 1,500, but the complete cost mobilization would be Rs 1,740 crore.Kozhikode: Preliminary works on the monorail, which is planned with the aim to ease travel woes of public, in the city has been progressing rapidly. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) that is entrusted with the task of preparing detailed project report (DPR) is likely to submit the report before June 15, the deadline set by the state government for the submission of the DPR.According to highly placed sources, DMRC has already completed 90 per cent work of the DPR and is most likely to submit the report on June 7. DMRC has already completed route and traffic studies and engineering and field surveys for preparing DPR. It has also finalized locations and designs of the stations. At present DMRC is in the process of carrying out detailed study on the alignment.It is learnt that DMRC is also in the final stages of conducting the environmental impact study, which has been outsourced to an agency, according to officials. The team, which is in the city, is expected to complete the environmental impact study in the next two days. The detailed project report will have details of the land need to be acquired for the construction of the stations. Officials said that it would require acquire to 2 to 2.5 hectares of land for the project.The first phase of the project, which will involve an investment of Rs 1750 crore, will cover 13.5 km stretch from Medical College to Meenchanta and would be completed by 2015. DMRC expects that 1.3 lakh people will travel in the monorail, which will have 15 stops in the first phase, every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13517394", "title": "Family dominance continues in SP as Mulayam nominates 'bahu' Dimple for Kannauj LS bypoll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dimple Yadav, wife of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, will be the Samajwadi Party (SP) candidate for Kannauj Lok Sabha byelection. Her candidature was nominated by her father-in-law and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and approved by the party's parliamentary board.The Kannauj seat had fallen vacant after its representative Akhilesh Yadav resigned to get elected to the state legislative council.Announcing Dimple's name, the SP spokesperson and leader in the Rajya Sabha, Ram Gopal Yadav , said that her candidature was demanded by the SP workers of Kannauj. The seat was represented by Akhilesh and the workers wanted his wife to represent them in the Lok Sabha, he said.When asked if Dimple's candidature didn't amount to the promotion of family by the party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, Ram Gopal, who is also Mulayam's brother, said, \"You people (journalists) see 'family promotion' in the SP but not in other parties.\"The Kannauj byelection will be Dimple's second attempt to enter the Lok Sabha (parliament's upper house). She contested from Ferozabad in 2009 but lost.Akhilesh had contested the 2009 Lok Sabha election from two seats - Kannauj and Ferozabad. He won from both the places. Later he decided to quit Ferozabad and retain Kannauj because as per rules only one seat, in parliament or legislative assembly, can be represented by an individual. The SP then fielded Dimple from Ferozabad but she was defeated by the Congress party nominee, film actor turned politician Raj Babbar.Raj Babbar was in the SP before he joined the Congress. He quit the SP because of the dominance of the then party general secretary Amar Singh. Later Singh's relation with Mulayam also deteriorated. Amar Singh was blamed for the bickering within the party and Yadav family's defeat in Ferozabad. Thereafter, Mulayam expelled Amar Singh and revamped the party. He gave all key positions in the SP to his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13503924", "title": "Taped techie's death a suicide, conclude cops", "text": "BANGALORE: It is official. Srirag Subramanyam, the 24-year-old software developer in HP whose body was found swathed in metres of duct tape in his car on Tuesday, committed suicide, police have concluded.Srirag took the extreme step as he was depressed over a \"failed relationship\" with a woman, TG Krishna Bhat, deputy commissioner of police (east) told reporters here on Friday.Investigators soon tracked down the young woman, identified as Gayathri, 23 and employee of a service outsourcing unit. On questioning, she confessed to have been in touch with Srirag for nearly five months and identifying herself as Elizabeth throughout.Daughter of Lourdeswamy, Gayathri is a resident of KR Puram.What happenedGayathri, who has been arrested by police for abetment to suicide, said that as part of her work, she used to call customers to sell credit cards and other services. During one such conversation, she spoke to Srirag and soon they started talking on a daily basis. E-mail addresses were shared and the relationship grew thicker in the virtual world.When Srirag asked for her photograph, Gayathri sent him a photograph of a friend of hers, Samjotha. After seeing the photo, Sriraj professed his love to Gayathri. After Srirag proposed to her, Gayathri realized the gravity of the issue and decided to end it all.However, instead of telling him about the impersonation, she told him that she was getting married to another guy and would move to the UK soon. She also stopped talking to him.On Monday, Srirag attempted to call her many times but there was no response. The same evening he sent Gayathri an email, informing her that he would trouble her no more and she would learn about his fate from newspapers.How the end cameSrirag later visited his aunt's place for dinner and spoke unusually to his relatives for a long time. He also spoke to his mother for a long time.Srirag's friend, Vivek, who was staying with him at their AECS Layout residence, told police that Srirag appeared to have taken with him the duct tape roll and plastic covers from home. He also took a teddy bear he is believed to have purchased to gift to Elizabeth whenever they meet.He parked his car next to a garbage dump, consumed water laced with Gardenal tablets, which are sedatives used to treat epileptic patients, wrapped himself with duct tape, put the plastic covers over his head and secured the same with more layers of duct tape, before suffocating to death.\"The duct tape wrappings were an attempt to grab media attention,\" said a police officer.The lies she spunGayathri allegedly identified herself as Elizabeth to Srirag. She told him she was a Christian. She sent her friend, Samjotha's picture to him.She claimed that her father was in army and mother worked with Citibank.She said she was native of Jaipur but was studying MBA in Bangalore and staying with her uncle, George .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13510645", "title": "Murder case: Weeks after lack of evidence let accused walk free, officer booked for shoddy probe", "text": "PATIALA: Police on Friday registered a case against retired DSP Harbhajan Singh for shoddy investigations in the sensational murder case of four members of a family in Nabha in 2010. His probe had eventually led to the acquittal of the prime accused last month.The case has been registered on the recommendation of a special investigation team (SIT) formed to look into the shoddy investigations.\"Inspector Harbhajan Singh did not conduct investigations properly. We have registered a case against him for shoddy investigations. We will add prevention of corruption act charges against Harbhajan if our SIT finds that any financial benefit was given to him,\" said DIG Patiala L K Yadav.Police have filed a case under sections 217 (disobeying direction of law to save an offender), 218 (framing incorrect record to save person from punishment) and 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence or giving false information to save offender) of the IPC.Amritbir Singh was accused of killing his grandfather, father, mother and sister in a fit of rage following their taunts for being jobless and opposing his affair with a girl, on August 12, 2010. For most police officials it was a clear cut case of homicide, with Amritbir as the prime suspect. However, Harbhajan, who was the investigating officer of the case, failed to even put up the ballistic and fingerprint reports before the court, which could have nailed the accused easily.The court released the accused due to lack of evidence on April 28.Following the acquittal, the Punjab Police had formed a five-member SIT to look into the investigations by Harbhajan. It found that no fingerprint report was put up to prove that the accused had fired on his family members. It also found flaws in the process of recovery of the weapon and other things. Circumstantial evidence was also not listed in the case file. Instead of collecting evidence, the police solely depended upon the witnesses, who later turned hostile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13499616", "title": "Businessmen see red as police serve \u2018no-parking\u2019 notice", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lack of parking space along the Pathergatti-Charminar stretch has always been a cause of concern but it took an ugly turn on Thursday when the traffic police sent notices to businessmen threatening them with 'cancellation of establishment licence' if they failed to make alternate arrangements for parking within 15 days.Traders were befuddled and questioned how they could identify parking spaces without the assistance of the authorities. A trader, after receiving the notice, described the nature of the traffic police as 'ludicrous'. \"The letter illustrates the autocratic nature of the authorities. It is the job of GHMC to identify alternate parking spaces, not ours,\" he said.Jitender Agarwal from Mandothiya Jewellers said, \"What is the use of paying hefty sums as taxes if we are denied space to park our own two-wheelers? We fear a drop of 60% in business if the traffic police have their way.\" Ghulam Hyder from Gulzar Houz was fined on May 24 and May 25 for parking his two-wheeler in front of his own shop.There was unanimity among entrepreneurs that the hundreds of hawkers along the stretch were the real troublemakers. Traders said that vendors with their pushcarts impeded flow of traffic. Jafar Ali from Beauty Corner Jewellers said, \"Hawkers eat up the roads by at least 12 feet, thereby stifling vehicular movement and creating traffic jams. Police have given them a free run but taxpayers like me are threatened with closure of business. Where is the justice in that? We can't afford further loses in footfall and business.\"While the traffic police say that the entire stretch is a no-parking zone, heritage activists say that the area would have been a no-parking zone had the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) been completed. They alleged that a 'non-cooperative relationship' existed between GHMC and the cops and highlighted that the police in conjunction with GHMC should have helped these businessmen by suggesting alternate parking spaces.A heritage activist requesting anonymity said, \"Parking spaces at SYJ Complex, Dewan Devdi and near the Badeshahi Ashoorkhana are hardly used. The traffic police should have convinced shop owners and their patrons to park their vehicles there. Even after the completion of the CPP, the stretch would not have been an entirely no-parking zone. The GHMC and traffic police should have worked in tandem to actively market these parking spaces. The notice is certainly unfriendly.\"Officers from the traffic police admitted that hawkers were responsible for creating havoc on the roads but feigned helplessness. They alleged that hawkers staged dharnas if they were removed from roads. V C Kumar, inspector, Charminar traffic police station, said that notices were sent to shopkeepers so that they understand that the parking in front of their shops causes traffic snarls. Murgesh Kumar Singh, DCP, traffic II said, \"Businessmen should also take responsibility for the traffic situation. We have sent the notices to ensure this. The issue of hawkers occupying the road is yet to be settled and we are confident that we will come to an agreement with them soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499624", "title": "India scores a crucial victory", "text": "NEW DELHI: After three days of bare-knuckled fight, India, backed by the Asia Pacific group, claimed a victory at the Bonn climate negotiations with its nominee being declared co-chair of the most important track of climate change talks which will thrash out a new global climate regime by 2015, along with western Europe's candidate from Norway.India's chief negotiator till last year, J M Mauskar, who retired as special secretary from the government recently, was nominated by the Asia Pacific group to head what is called the Ad-hoc Working Group on Durban Platform. This track of talks is mandated to negotiate a new global regime which could considerably change the balance of equations between developing and developed world's responsibilities.While the chair of these tracks are officially expected to play a neutral role, the developing world has often complained of the talks being dragged towards the interests of select countries by those heading it. The Indian candidature came as a mark of the first spirited defence by the largely developing world bloc to have a fair say in future talks.Sources said the European Union and the US all through had been pushing that this track of negotiations focus on increasing emission reduction targets from the developing world even before 2020. A convenient person in the chair to head the track would have helped push the agenda without a check.Two other nominees were competing for the top slot. The one from Norway was backed by western Europe and their allies and another from Trinidad and Tobago was backed by Latin America and Caribbean nations.The Indian nominee had a solid claim considering the Asia Pacific region has been seldom represented at the top with the other two groupings having occupied at least 15 or more similar positions in the last 20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13501302", "title": "Gas agencies exploit consumers, fake shortage", "text": "TRICHY: Like people of other parts in the state who are struggling hard to get a gas connection, or an LPG refill, people of Trichy too are finding the going tough.Complaints are pouring in from many parts of the city that gas agencies are delaying supply of LPG cylinders due to the constant reason that the three major oil companies, Indian Oil Corporation Limited , Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited and Bharath Petroleum Corporation Limited have failed to supply enough stock to them.A delivery boy of a gas agency in the city said their agency stopped issuing new connections for the past two months. But booking of new connections with gas stove was going on. Migrants to the city were badly affected and were being forced to live without cooking gas.Advocate S Saravanan from Trichy echoed the same and detailed his bitter experience while trying to get a gas connection recently. \"Gas agencies are utilising the situation of consumers who are badly in need of a gas connection to sell products such as gas stoves of a particular brand. Some agencies are forcibly selling cooking oils while registering for gas connections. Even though they buy their products, they have to wait for a long time to get the connection. Likewise, those who register for refill cylinders are also facing short supply. Consumers are fed up and are forced to tap the black market as doing things the legal way does not seem to be paying off,\" he said.Another shocking incident is that domestic cylinders are being diverted for commercial purpose in large numbers. The shortage of domestic cylinders can be attributed to violation of rules. Officials of oil companies should keep vigil to stop the menace, he charged.When contacted, an official of a major oil company said gas agencies were providing gas connections to those who registered before March 31. The rest would be given on seniority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13500776", "title": "3 Akola students score 97%", "text": "AKOLA: Saurav Gadia and Priyanka Toshniwar of Radhakisan Laxminarayan Toshniwal College of Science and Rutuja Sapkal of Shri Shivaji College of Science each got 97% marks in the HSC results declared on Friday. All of them got 582 marks out of 600.The students of RLT College of Science brought laurels to Akola city as 50 students got above 90% marks. Some 640 of the 662 students of RLT College who appeared have passed the standard XII examination. The Akola district's passing percentage was 61.4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504790", "title": "ABVP supporters stop Mumbai-bound train", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Protesting against the hike in petrol prices, angry Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) activists stopped the Mumbai-bound Pawan Express at Daragunj railway station on Friday morning for more than 20 minutes. They raised slogans against the Central government and demanded immediate rollback of enhanced prices of petrol.Addressing party activists, an ABVP leader, Shyam Prakash, said that common man is reeling under the impact of enhanced prices of petrol, and is looking for alternative modes of transport. If the enhanced prices are not withdrawn immediately, the ABVP workers would be forced to come out on the streets, he added. Another office bearer Raj Singh said that the hiked prices of petrol are against the interest of common man and nowhere related with the economic policies of the country. The unexpected hike in petrol prices would also badly impact the transport sector of the country.Social activist Prakash Chandra Tandon has described the hike in petrol prices as an attempt to rob the common man which points towards the fact that Central government is not concerned with the welfare of the public. He urged the Central government to rollback the prices failing which the common man would be forced to oppose the government at all levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13520774", "title": "Microsoft asked Google to remove 500,000 links", "text": "WASHINGTON: Software giant Microsoft requested Google to remove over 500,000 links from its search index in April, new figures published by the search giant have revealed.Google's data showed that most of these links would direct users to websites that sell pirated Microsoft software.Some of the links, which Microsoft asked Google to remove are, however, still live via its own search engine Bing, The Telegraph reports.Google recently released a report in the U.S. to provide a better understanding of the intellectual property abuses on the internet, after Microsoft faced copyright infringement problems by other websites.The new report, released by the internet search giant, includes a breakdown of all requests Google has received since July 2011 to remove copyright-infringing content from its search index.According to the paper, Microsoft's removal requests significantly outnumbered those registered by the British Phonographic Institute, which represents record labels.Music body the BPI and the media company NBC Universal respectively made the second and third largest number of requests in the last four weeks, the report said.Google's transparency report showed that the number of requests to remove links has risen steeply over the last 12 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13506078", "title": "Maharashtra HSC results: Girls from Thane tribal areas shine bright", "text": "THANE: Girls stole a march over boys in the HSC examination in Thane district, achieving an overall 77% success rate against boy's 62% score.The overall pass percentage of students from Thane district stood at 69%, as 67,117 of the total 1.10 lakh-plus students cleared their Class XII exams held in February.Of the 48,369 girl students from the remote rural pockets to the metro towns of Thane district, 37,404 girl students qualified to pursue higher college education. In comparison, 38,713 boys emerged successful out of the 61,793. As has been the tradition in recent years, girls from tribal talukas fared better than boy students whose overall pass percentage stood at 64%. The girl students displayed greater excellence in academics with 75% of them clearing their Class XII exams in the nine tribal talukas of Murbad, Shahapur , Wada, Mokhada, Vikramgadh, Jawahar, Talasari , Dahanu and Palghar.The girls' score is no small feat given the fact that most of these teenagers take time out for their studies after finishing household chores, including walking miles to fetch water, cooking and attending to siblings . Moreover, they must deal with long hours of power cuts. Also, a vast majority has no additional academic aid.In fact, two colleges in tribal Kisan High School of Murbad , and Bharti Academy and Junior College in Talasari have scored a perfect 100% as all its students cleared the exams . The once Naxal-infested Talasari taluka recorded the highest pass percentage in the tribal areas as 82% of its students cleared the HSC exams.In the big towns such as Thane, Navi Mumbai, Kalya-Dombvili , or the non-tribal pockets such as Amernath-Badlapur and Kalyan, girls recorded 78% success rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13506945", "title": "Bandh in Manipur over tribal varsity appointments", "text": "IMPHAL: Irate students of Indira Gandhi National Tribal University- Regional Campus Manipur (IGNTU-RCM) have called a bandh to protest against the violation of norms in the recruitment to some posts of the university. The 36-hour bandh will begin at 6 am on Saturday in the hills and the two national highways of the state.The students' union of the institute said that they had signed a memorandum of understanding (Mou) with the vice-chancellor of the varsity on October 24, 2011, which resolved that no further appointment would be made unless the reservation policy is settled.On the basis of the Mou, the students' union demanded that the varsity authorities at Amarkantak in Madhya Pradesh cancel the process for recruiting some non-teaching staff for the RCM scheduled on Sunday in Guwahati, Mahaishang Shimray, assistant information secretary of the union said in a statement issued on Friday.When no positive response came from the varsity authorities, the students' union, in an emergency meeting, decided to call a 36-hour bandh on the two highways and the five hill districts of Senapati, Chandel, Ukhrul, Tamgenglong and Churachandpur.It said the union will stick to the Mou and will not compromise under any circumstances on the matter and that any staff recruited by the varsity without fulfilling the reservation norms will not be accepted.\"The students are aggrieved with the indifference of the university authorities. Therefore, we will carry out the agitation in the most severe form,\" the statement said.The union appealed to the concerned districts' students' organizations and individuals to extend full cooperation to the bandh for the larger interest of the tribal community of the state. The Manipur University Tribal Students' Union (Mutsu), while supporting the bandh, said if the recruitment process is not cancelled, Mutsu will resort to various kinds of democratic agitations. The Thadou Students' Association (TSA), Chandel district will also extend support to the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "as the 65th cannes film festival nears its close, nicole kidman's celebrated star status is glimmering seductively. she is in two films", "code": "13516461", "title": "Nicole Kidman's twin wins", "text": "As the 65th Cannes film festival nears its close, Nicole Kidman's celebrated star status is glimmering seductively. She is in two films: Lee Daniels' The Paper Boy, based on Pete Dexter's novel, and the yet-to-be-seen Hemingway and Gellhorn directed by Philip Kaufman based on the tumultuous courtship and marriage of Ernest Hemingway with war correspondent Martha Gellhorn .And at five hours and 20 minutes, Anurag Kashyap's Gangs of Wasseypur is the longest running film at the fest. It was screened in two parts and was well attended, even applauded. Kashyap brings an edgy raciness to his portrayal of rampaging groups, exploiters and extortionists in his depiction of open and brutal lawlessness as it develops decade upon decade in Jharkhand. His episodic style is punctuated with music and songs, and refreshingly, his women are strong, independent and defiant.Ashim Ahluwalia's Miss Lovely, set in the murky backstreets of Mumbai, seems to have crossed the imaginary line into mainstream world cinema. Bought and tom-tommed in Cannes by leading distributor Fortissimo, its content has a different pacing and feel to it. The film presents two self-destructive brothers caught in making C-grade horror and porn films for small-town theatres. The lead actors give compelling performances, especially Nawazuddin Siddiqui and new actor Niharika Singh, whose vulnerability coupled with a certain worldly wisdom has an appeal that is hard to resist.Vasan Bala's Peddlers, again about the dark side of Mumbai and its drug-driven by-lanes, graphically presents the struggles of thousands to eke out a living against all odds. Peddlers rips off layer after layer of what makes life even remotely bearable. Apart from the sleaze of city life as a running theme, 2012 Cannes is also witness to directors of repute dealing with blurred boundaries.Abbas Kiarostami's latest, Like Someone In Love, is set in Japan and presents low life folk pitted against the respected academics. Brazilian director Walter Salles' On the Road focuses on the heady life of the 40s and 50s in the US. The surprise package comes in the form of a 14-minute film Night Shift by Zia Mandviwalla, a Parsi now settled in New Zealand.And finally the most awaited event: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan made a spectacular appearance, in an ethnic ensemble designed by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla at the fundraising AMFAR gala (The Foundation for AIDS Research). The event raised nearly US$11 million. Said Ash , \"It's been eleven glorious years coming to Cannes. This year, it's a special privilege to support AMFAR, the dinner and the auction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499972", "title": "Western Railway saves Rs 4cr every month after AC switch", "text": "MUMBAI: The switchover to the alternating current (AC) from the direct current (DC) system on Western Railway added an extra Rs 4 crore to its kitty last month.The savings are also because the AC system is more energy efficient and the transmission and distribution losses are less compared to the DC format. The WR runs 1,250 suburban services. The savings are substantial although the number of services has increased from 1,210 in December 2011.\"In 2011-12, WR was able to save Rs 53 crore after the conversion to the AC system,\" said Sharat Chandrayan, WR's chief public relations officer.\"The savings are bound to be substantial even though there may be an increase in services on WR's suburban system in the future,\" he added. WR has 77 AC-DC compatible rakes on its network.WR has also registered the project with the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change. \"Each rake has the potential to earn 35,000 units of carbon credits. It is estimated that these rakes will reduce overall carbon emissions,\" he said. After the Mumbai division switched to the AC system this year, three-phase locomotives with regenerative-brakes, which have the potential to save 15 to 17 % energy, have been introduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13507169", "title": "Club urges Ludhiana to donate blood", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents of Sarabha Nagar and Model Town Extension, who went to pay their obeisance at Gurdwara Shri Guru Singh Sabha in the respective localities on Friday on the occasion of Shaheedi Divas of Guru Arjun Dev Ji, were told about the various aspects of blood donation from members of the Sikh Youth Club of Gurmat Gyan Missionary College, Punjabi Bagh.Gursahib Singh, one of the member of the youth club, said, \"The club consists 24 boys and 13 girls, popularly called Young Flares, who do religious and social work. We have five mentors, who guide us in our various activities. About nine Young Flares educated the devotees at Gurudwara Shri Guru Singh Sabha in Sarabha Nagar and Model Town Extension on the Shaheedi Divas\".\"Besides, these Young Flares have also prepared a list of 150 donors that has their contact numbers and other details so that we can contact them when a blood donation camp is held\".Surjeet Singh, one of the devotees, said, \"It is a great social work that these young boys and girls are doing\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499846", "title": "Civic body asks contractors to explain low bids", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the abnormally-low bids it received for petty civil works in 24 wards and four hospitals, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has asked the contractors to explain how they propose to carry out quality work at such low rates.The civic administration has also decided to introduce a slew of measures, including taking photographs of sites before and after the completion of the work, to keep a check on civil works contractors. These decisions were taken by the tender committee meeting during a meeting held earlier this week.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar told TOI, \"The tender committee has asked the contractors to do a rate analysis and explain how they will carry out quality work at the price they have quoted. The tender committee said the bidding was below the estimated price.\"TOI, in a series of reports, had highlighted how the low-bidding was likely to affect the quality of civil works.While civic officials said contractors are not always asked to present a rate-analysis of the work, Mhaiskar termed it a \"standard practice\" and said, \"There have been cases in the past when the contractors were asked to present a rate analysis.\"To ensure that the quality of the work is not compromised, the tender committee has decided to take photographic evidence of the work carried out by contractors. Director (engineering, services and projects) L S Vhatkar confirmed this. \"The photographs will help us ensure that contractors take responsibility for projects carried out by them.\"Times ViewEvery civic amenity-be it a road, bridge or sewerage lines-has an impact on the quality of every Mumbaikar's life. Contractors who build these amenities hence have an important role to play. But as the recent review of civil works contracts has shown, poor workmanship and corruption are rife in this sphere. To win a contract, it is now known that contractors post low bids and use substandard material. Mumbaikars have suffered long because of this greed. It is hence encouraging to note that the civic administration has decided to ask contractors for a rate analysis of their civic bids. This will infuse much needed accountability among contractors. Hopefully, this measure work well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13502890", "title": "Entertainment Society Of Goa governing board rejigged", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has reconstituted the governing body of entertainment society of Goa (ESG) with chief minister Manohar Parrikar as its chairman and BJP MLA, Vishnu Wagh as its vice chairman.The other members of the committee include Ramdas Futane, Sharmad Raiturkar and others. The state government has reconstituted the ESG's governing body, formerly headed by ex-chief minister Digambar Kamat, for a tenure of three years and restricted the number of membersfrom 19 to 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13499913", "title": "Streetlights to be back on power as govt approves tender rates", "text": "JAIPUR: Putting at rest the controversies over issuing tenders of maintenance of streetlights in the city on higher rates, the state government on Friday approved the tender rates for three months.City mayor Jyoti Khandelwal had recently alleged that the CEO of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) Loknath Soni and the JMC's light committee are planning to issue the tender on higher rates due to \"personal interests\".\"The rates of maintaining the streetlights have been approved. However, the orders will be issued on Monday by the department of local bodies (DLB),\" a senior official with the urban housing and development (UDH) department said.Following the government decision, residents can have sigh of relief as the dismal state of streetlights in the city is about to change. After JMC failed to take a decision on repair and maintenance of faulty streetlights, the matter was handed over to the state government.Soni had on Tuesday passed the file over to the state for approval. The move came after allegations and counter-allegations between Khandelwal and BJP councilors over the repair, replacement and maintenance of the streetlights during an executive meeting of the JMC.The light committee chairman Sanjeev Sharma said, \"In the past, the proposal got rejected twice and we were heading nowhere. To expedite the process, we sent the file to the state government for the approval. The state government approving the rates clearly indicates the mayor's allegations were baseless.\"\"The contract of repairing the road was completed six months ago, however, we have extended the contract till May 1. We agree that because of JMC's mistake of not renewing the contract on time, the residents in the city are suffering,\" he added.JMC is sleeping over approximately 1,500 complaints of faulty streetlights in the city. There are around 1.6 lakh streetlights in the city out of which 35,000 are not working in the absence of repair contractors. The light committee earlier alleged that officials were delaying the process of re-examining the rates at which the contract of maintenance was to be given.Earlier, the contracts were given on different rates; however, after the issue was debated, the rates were made uniform. The process of renewing the contract was started earlier but due to an anti-corruption bureau (ACB) enquiry on officials, it got delayed. Also, the committee got the powers to issue the tenders very recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506214", "title": "City boils at 45.3 degree Celsius", "text": "KANPUR: The arduous heat conditions that started a fortnight ago reached a peak on Friday with the maximum temperature crossing the mark of 45 degree Celsius on Friday. Thus, May 25 was recorded as the hottest day of this summer season. If the weather experts are to be believed, the rising mercury is showing no signs of abating and is expected to rise further in the days to come.Talking to TOI, Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, said the hot winds, locally known as 'loo', were making the day even hotter. \"The temperature rise has taken people aback as April was slightly cooler. In the past fortnight, dust storms, both during day and night, had made temperatures bearable. However, no sign of relief is there till the first week of June,\" he said.The minimum temperature climbed to 25.9 degree C. The humidity level on Friday remained at 38% in the morning which reduced to 22% in the afternoon.A sudden and steep rise in the day temperatures has sent people of the city scurrying for cover. With the mercury soaring and warm winds blowing across the city, the afternoons present a deserted picture as most people prefer to remain indoors. For the ones who have to step out, it is a harrowing experience.\"I work for a pizza counter, where time and the heat are irrelevant. But, yes, it is very hot. I find it difficult to commute without covering my whole body as the sun is burning my skin,\" said a pizza delivery boy, Sunil.Even the traffic posts in the afternoon are without policemen as they prefer to sit in tree shade, leaving the messy traffic to fend for itself.The simultaneous power cuts add to the public woes. A day-long roasting in areas like Shankaracharya Nagar, Koyela Nagar, Yashoda Nagar added to the misery of the people. Power department officials said they were adhering to the schedule issued by the state government. Many areas witnessed 10 hours of roasting, making the power scene dismal and unmanageable.According to the outpatient department records of a majority of government hospitals, those who fell ill in the past few days were suffering from the heat effect. \"A majority of the patients are suffering from electrolyte imbalance and heatstroke,\" informed Dr Anil Migam of Ursula Horsman Hospital.He added that the electrolyte imbalance is caused by a sudden loss of salt in the body. Continued exposure to heat makes you sweat and lose salt. Unless it is replaced within a reasonable time, one can even lose consciousness. \"In extreme cases, this could turn irreversible, leading to coma. So, one must make sure to compensate for the loss of salt, which is why it is not enough to just drink water. If you have 12 glasses of water a day, make sure you drink at least two glasses of salted water,\" advised Dr Nigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13499333", "title": "Services enter Santosh Trophy final", "text": "CUTTACK: Kerala and Services had both promised to dazzle with attacking football in the first semifinal of the Santosh Trophy.But, it was only Services who could reproduce on the field what they had promised as they roared into the final with a convincing 2-1 win over Kerala at the Barabati Stadium on Friday.Services took the lead in the fifth minute through Subrata Sarkar while Kerala defender Marsook, whose sloppy defending had allowed Services to open the account, scored an own goal in the second half. Kerala got a consolation goal in the 83rd minute when Vineeth Anthony converted from the spot.This is the first time that the Services reached the final since the 2007-08 edition.Services went into attacking mode from the start. Their pace and slick movements rattled Kerala, who took time to settle down. Taking advantage of Kerala's tentativeness, Services forged ahead in the fifth minute. A cross by Sanju Subba was sloppily cleared by Marsook. The ball fell in the path of Sarkar, who cleverly chipped the ball over the advancing Kerala custodian Joby Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13503161", "title": "Mango exhibition draws huge crowds in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The five-day mango exhibition that commenced at the Gandhi Park in the city on Wednesday has drawn hundreds of people from across the city. The exhibition, aimed at popularizing different varieties of mangoes among the citizens, is being organized as part of the 19th edition of the Calicut mango fest.Mangoes for the fest, organized by the Calicut Agri-horticultural Society, have been brought from the government farm at Thaliparamba.Several known varieties such as Alphonso, Malgova, Banganapalli, Chakkarakkutty and Kudath are among the exhibits. One of the major attractions of the fest is the Bangalora mango that even diabetes patients can eat. The fest also exhibits several varieties, including Chandrakkaran, Perakkamango and Ammini that is mainly used for culinary purposes, and hybrid varieties such as H4, H45, H151 and Mallika.Charles G Thomas, general convener of the fest committee said the fest will give people a rare chance to taste different varieties of mangoes available in the country. Saplings of several mango varieties suitable for the climatic conditions in the state are also available in the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13500211", "title": "Friday prayers offered with great zeal at Urs", "text": "AJMER: Nearly one lakh devotees participated in the special 'jumme ki namaaz' on the occasion of the 800th Urs of Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti in Ajmer on Friday. The intense heat did not deter the religious fervour and long queues of devotees could be seen from early in the morning even at a distance of 2-3 kms from the dargah. One could spot queues from Nizam Gate to the Ganj police station, from Nala Bazaar to Madar Gate. Naya Bazaar, Station Road and Kucheri Road areas were also quite crowded. One could also see devotees sitting in the heat in the dargah area.\"People starting coming in very early to participate in the fatiha and namaaz,\" said a khadim. Devotees were also seen trying to get a chance to pass through the 'jannati darwaza' in the morning hours.Shopkeepers in Dargah bazaar provided bedsheets for the pilgrims to sit. \"They are all sitting to offer prayers. We want to help them and so are trying to give them some comfort in this heat,\" said Anil Patni, secretary of Dargah bazaar association. A team was also serving cold water to the pilgrims. \"They were happy with our effort and blessed us,\" said Mohammad Ajim, one of the volunteers. \"They have deep faith in Gharib Nawaz and we wanted that they should get some comfort while they wait to offer prayers,\" added Iftikar Siddiqui, another volunteer.The prayers started at one in the afternoon. \"Most of the devotees sat for three hours in the sun and they also offered prayers for good monsoon and harvest in the country,\" said a khadim.Looking at the large numbers of devotees, the district administration deputed 28 magistrates to take care of the arrangements and law and order situation in the region. About four thousand policemen were deployed since morning in the region.In a boiling mercury day on Friday nearly one lakh devotees participated in the special 'jumme ki namaz' on the occasion of 800th Urs of Khawaja Moinuddin Chishty. With prayers of good monsoon and harvesting, an example was seen when Hindus, Sikhs and Sindhi arranged bed sheets for them to escape from sun rays and different youth groups continuously offered drinking water.There were long lines of devotees from Nizam gate to Ganj police station, a distance of about two kms, since 10 in the morning. There were also rows from Nala bazaar to madar gate. Long lines were also seen in Naya bazaar, station road, kachari road and surrounding areas. Devotees were pleased to participate in the special prayers of 800th Urs.Since early morning devotees were dying to offer namaz in the dargah premises, \"To participate in the Fatia and namaz, they started reserving the place early at 7 in the morning\" said a Khadim. The lines started from dargah and every pilgrim wanted to remain near to dargah during the prayers. These devotees sat on hot ground with sun rays directly hitting them, \"They are all sitting to offer prayers and we wanted that they should drink water and have escape from sun rays\" said Anil Patni, secretary of dargah bazaar association. Shopkeepers provided them new bed sheets so that they could sit on them and escape from heat. A team of boys were engaged and they offered cold water to devotees sitting in the sun, \"They feel pleased and blessed us when they got a glass of water in sweating condition\" said Mohammad Ajim. \"They are human being and have bounded faith towards Khwaja Garib Nawaj and we wanted that they should get some rreleif while waiting for the prayers\" added Ifdikar Sidique. The prayers started at about one in afternoon and the lines in outside region increased as devotees that reached at nick of time sit wherever they got the place. \"Most of the devotees sat for long three hours in sun and after the prayers they offered prayers for good monsoon in the country and harvest\" said a khadimLooking to the large numbers of devotees, district administration deputed 28 magistrates to look for the arrangements and law and order in the region. High security arrangements were done and about four thousand police was deployes since morning in the region. In early morning devotees were trying to get the chance to pass from the 'jannati darwaza'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13505110", "title": "Women prone to thyroid problems, say experts", "text": "KANPUR: The life of 14 years old Deeksha changed suddenly when she started gaining weight around six months ago. Her mother initially thought that this weight gain must be a sign of hormonal changes taking place in her body. But everything has now changed with this little girl who is unable to go to school as her friends and classmates call her fatty. She feels inferior among the cousins.\"I took Deeksha to a gynecologist as she was gaining weight enormously. After urine and blood tests the doctor said that its time to check her thyroid secretion. I could not believe that even a teenaged girl can suffer from thyroid,\" said Pinky Mishra, her mother.Thyroid is a large ductless gland in the human body below neck. It is one of the most essential parts of human endocrine system and has many functions, the most important one is to regulate the growth and development of body by controlling the metabolism.May 25 is observed as 'World Thyroid Day'.Kiran Pandey, gynecologist at LLR Hospital said, \"Thyroid is one of the most important glands in the body. Situated in the neck, it secretes hormones which control a lot of things; the way you metabolize food, use energy, sleep patterns, temperature preferences, whether you gain or lose weight and a lot more.\"Women are more prone to thyroid problems than men and most of these problems manifest during periods of flux in female hormones, during delivery and menopause. According to the Indian Thyroid Society, 4.2 crore Indians suffer from thyroid disorders and most of them are undiagnosed\"The increase and decrease in thyroid hormone secretion can cause various health problems. Sudden weight loss or weight gain, increase in heart rate, high blood pressure, nervousness, increased sweating, enlargement in your neck, shorter menstrual periods, frequent bowel movements, trembling hands etc could be the signals of hyperthyroidism (a condition in which the body produces excess thyroid hormones) or simply thyroid,\" Dr RD Awasthi, another gynaecologist, said.Weight gain or failure to lose weight despite a proper weight loss regime, lethargy, reduced heart rate, increased cold sensitivity are the other symptom after which one must get his/her thyroid secretion checked. Apart from the mentioned indication, numbness in hands, enlargement in the neck, dry skin and hair, heavy menstrual periods and constipation could indicate hypothyroidism.Iodine and selenium are important for the proper functioning of thyroid. People must use iodized salt to maintain thyroid balance. Eating seafood, spinach, sesame seeds, garlic can also uphold thyroid secretion.\"Stress has also been linked to improper functioning of the thyroid gland leading to thyroid disease. So, take some time out and relax for your thyroid's sake,\" a doctor said.According to experts, if remained untreated, thyroid could lead to major heart problems, infertility, Alzheimer's disease, stroke due to high blood pressure and death.\"Thyroid cancer is the most common cancer of the endocrine glands (glands which secrete hormones). A lump in the neck with pain and swollen lymph nodes, hoarse voice, trouble in breathing and swallowing could signal its presence. Surgery to remove the gland fully or a part of it along with radioactive iodine therapy could help such cases,\" Dr Pandey added.The experts advised that everyone should be screened for thyroid dysfunction every five years after turning 35. People with symptoms or risk factors should get tested more often. The treatment of disease include having thyroid hormone pills which the patient have to take for rest of his/her life. There is no instant 'cure' for thyroid problems.Dr Hemant Mohan, medical officer, Nagar Nigam Hospital said that homeopathy has complete treatment for thyroid ailment. He said that a person gains enormous weight when he/she suffers from thyroid problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13499810", "title": "Captain Deepika Rathore is Rajasthan's 1st girl to conquer Mount Everest", "text": "JAISALMER: Finally, she made it to the top of the world! Captain Deepika Rathore, 26, became the state's first girl to scale Mount Everest. It was a huge feat for her as she reached the summit at 29,029 feet (8,848 metres).The Everest expedition was organised by the Army and the team included three women, six jawans and officers. Deepika along with the team reached the peak on Friday at 5 am and hoisted the Tricolour.Her family members and people at her native place Nagaur erupted in joy after getting the news of her achievement. People have congratulated her father Ganpat Singh Rathore, a government servant posted in Jaipur. Her father-in-law Surajpal Singh Shekhawat is a colonel in the Army deployed as command sports officer in Jaipur .Col Shekhawat said, \"Deepika has a strong will power and wanted to scale Mount Everest for quite some time. As an NCC cadet, she had made an attempt few years ago but due to bad weather, her bid was aborted.''Col Shekhawat said Deepika had on Friday morning informed the family about her success and the little details of her major feat over the satellite phone and radio set. On May 16, a team of seven women members left from the last base camp at 27,000 feet of Mt Everest. Had the weather been clear, they could have reached the peak in a day or two, but weather played spoilsport and the team had to return to the base camp number 4 on May 20. After the visibily was clear, they again left on May They finally reached the summit on Friday at 5 am.Col Shekhawat said other women officers who were with captain Deepika include captain Smita, captain Namrata and captain Leenu. Apart from this, an officer, a JCO and four jawans reached the summit on Friday morning.Deepika's father Ganpat Singh Rathore was elated and said he was extremely proud of his daughter.On March 22, the 13-member team was flagged off from Delhi in a grand function. Instead of going via Tibet, they took a tougher turf via Nepal and reached Mt Everest on May 25.Defence spokesman S D Goswami said, \"The team was led by Major RS Jamwal. Subedar Rajender Jalal, havildar Sherab Palden, Havildar Praveen Thapa, Havildar Chander Bahadur Thapa and Lance Havildar Sudhir Singh were other members of the team who successfully scaled the peak.\"\"Our expedition team has made the Army and the country proud. Despite all odds and hostile weather, they finally made it,\" said Lt Gen SP Tanwar, AVSM, director-general of military training.\"The first attempt to reach the summit on May 20 was hampered by bad weather. This forced us to postpone the move,\" said Army sources.Bhavadia village in Nagaur district, Deepika's native place, is celebrating since morning. Fireworks have lit up the sky and more than 100kg of laddoos have been distributed so far.The 100-year old Sawai Singh Rathore, Deepika's grandfather, is the happiest of them all. When he was informed about her feat, he was in tears. People have been pouring in to congratulate the family. After the thorny path of scaling the highest peak in the world, it now seems to be a bed of roses for the achievers!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13501265", "title": "State transport bus driver arrested for rash driving", "text": "NASHIK: Two state transport bus drivers have been accused of rash driving in different parts of the city.In one complaint lodged by Rajendra Nikam of Shivaji Nagar, Pimpalgaon, it has been mentioned that bus driver, Devaji Wagh, was responsible for the injuries Nikamreceived after falling from a bus near Gadkari Chowk on May 3. He said that the driver was driving the bus in an extremely rash manner, due to which he fell off the door of the bus on May 3. The Sarkarwada police have registered a case of rash driving against the driver.In another incident, Gangubai Karanjkar of Dindori Road, Panchavati, fell down from a bus near Nimani Bus Stand on May 14. She said that the bus driver, Rajaram Ugle, was driving the bus very rashly from Panchavati Karanja to Panchavati bus depot due to which she fell off the bus. The Panchavati police have arrested the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "13510774", "title": "University student gangrape: SC/ST panel for trial by fast track court", "text": "Sonipat: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (NCSC/ST) has demanded transfer of the case pertaining to the gangrape of a first year LLB student of BPS Women's University at Khanpur Kalan in Sonipat to a fast track court for speedy trail and justice to the victim girl.Commission member Lata Priya Kumar, who was leading a five-member team, however, expressed satisfaction over the swift police action to nab the accused. \"We have interacted with the victim girl, who was staying with her mother and other hostel mates at the hostel after the incident. She appears to be recovering from the shock and trauma. It's important that the culprits get punishment for their crime. The case should be shifted to a fast track court so that the victim gets justice as early as possible\", Kumar told mediapersons here on Friday evening.Earlier, the commission team held lengthy meetings with varsity authorities, including vice-chancellor Pankaj Mittal, pro-vice-chancellor Balbir Kaur and registrar Asha Kadian at the varsity. The team members also discussed the matter with deputy commissioner, Pankaj Aggarwal and SSP Arun Singh at the PWD rest house, Sonipat and asked the district administration to take steps to ensure safety and security of the students.\"I have given certain suggestions, including issue of photo identity cards and police verification of employees engaged on casual or regular basis and other precautionary measures to the university authorities. We have also asked police to depute officials for organizing awareness programmes at the university premises to acquaint the students with tackling problems like eve-teasing and sexual harassment and to instill a sense of security among girls\".Meanwhile, the varsity has announced resumption of examinations from May 28, which were postponed in view of the students' agitation over the gangrape incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504847", "title": "210 kg substandard 'namkeen' seized", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team of district food safety and drug administration seized a consignment of 210 kg of 'namkeen' coming from the Lucknow. The samples of the seized material were sent for laboratory tests.According to food safety officer Laljeet Yadav, a team raided a bus coming from Lucknow and seized 210 kgs of namkeen being brought from Lucknow. \"One can easily understand the quality of 'namkeen' that we have seized. The substandard product was procured from the state capital by Arjun Lalwani of the city to be sold to road-side vendors.The raiding team seized the entire consignment and booked the consignee under Food Safety and Standard Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13500412", "title": "Level I qualified cannot appear in grade III teachers recruitment exam: Rajasthan high court", "text": "JODHPUR: Putting the prolonged speculations to a halt, the Rajasthan High Court finally refused to consider the RTET level I qualified Bachelors of Education (B Ed degree holders) for the Grade III teachers recruitment examination scheduled to be held on June 2.Following the court's order, only those, who have passed level II RTET will be eligible to appear in the examination. Justice G K Vyas pronounced the order while disposing a bunch of 630 petitions of RTET level I qualified education graduates, seeking permission to appear in the examination.The government had also not considered the RTET level I qualified candidates and kept them out from the recruitment examination. But some candidates had moved the court challenging the qualification parameters of the state government and demanded their inclusion in the recruitment examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13500162", "title": "Pilots\u2019 plea: AI gets one week to reply", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday asked Air India to file an affidavit in reply to a petition filed by the Indian Pilots Guild (IPG) which challenged its derecognition by the airline. The airline has to file its reply within a week. In a part relief to the union, HC permitted them to access and remove all files and documents from their office at Kalina which AI had sealed.The vacation bench of Justices S J Kathawala and P D Kode however advised the Guild to ensure that its pilots resumed work first. Justice Kathawala said, \"In the larger interest of the public, it would be advisable that all pilots first join work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500593", "title": "Death of 9 dogs triggers rumours", "text": "NAGPUR: The death of nine dogs and a cat within 24 hours at Telipura and Nawabpura set the rumour mills rolling in the city. Residents claimed that the strays were poisoned by thieves who are on the prowl to strike in the area.Pankaj Dhande, a marketing executive who resides in Telipura, informed the police after he spotted the dead canines at different places early on Friday. \"Eight of the dogs were strays while one was a domestic pet. The reason of their death is unknown. Four dogs were found dead in the premises of the Dhage family's house,\" he said.Dhande said that the residents were surprised after a cat's body too was spotted. \"It seemed that someone had left some poisoned meat in the locality,\" he said.TOI learns that rumours about thieves started in Mangalwari and spread to Nawabpura and Telipura. With the deaths of the stray animals, the rumour seems to have got more fuel. The Kotwali police have registered an offence against unidentified persons.Earlier this month, three innocent Bahurupiyas were lynched by a mob who mistook them for thieves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "13501569", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government moves to withdraw charges against MLA Abhay Singh", "text": "FAIZABAD: The Uttar Pradesh government on Friday took first step to withdraw the Gangster Act slapped on mafia-turned-politician and Samajwadi Party MLA Abhay Singh. He is currently lodged in Faizabad jail for past couple of years and is facing trial for extortion, kidnapping and murder. The Gangster Act was imposed on him by the Mayawati government.According to the letter of instruction issued by the state government's department of justice, chief prosecuting officer of Faizabad has been directed to withdraw the gangster case lodged against Abhay Singh.Speaking to TOI, Faizabad's chief prosecuting officer Rajiv Kumar Shrivastava, on Friday, said, \"The government has permitted to withdraw the case against Abhay Singh and I have been directed to move the withdrawal application in the court. The withdrawal has been filed in the court, and I hope the case will be closed and Abhay Singh will be freed on Monday after the statement of sub-inspector Sanjay Nagvanshi (who lodged this case against Abhay) is recorded.\"The Samajwadi Party government had started the process of withdrawing Gangster Act against Singh a month back. According to Shrivastava, the state government had sought the report regarding withdrawal of a case registered under Section 386 of the IPC for extortion, attempt to murder and Gangster Act pending against Singh in Maharajganj police station. He said that the district prosecution unit had sent its 'no-objection' opinion for the withdrawal of the charges along with the no-objection from district magistrate and SSP to the government a month back.Shrivastava said that Singh has got bail from the different courts in two other cases of Gangster Act registered at Raunahi police station and Kotwali police stations of the district. Abhay had won the recently held assembly election from Gosaiganj assembly constituency defeating BSP's Indra Pratap Tiwari, who is also a history-sheeter. He was denied bail by the court because of the Gangster Act. As a result, he had to contest the elections from jail.The case under Gangster Act has been registered against him in Maharajganj police station of Faizabad. It pertains to rivalry between Singh and another mafia-turned-politician Jitendra Singh alias Babloo. The Gangster Act was slapped against Singh when Babloo was a MLA from the ruling BSP. Abhay is in jail since October 2010, after a case of extortion was lodged against him by a local businessman Vikas Singh, a close aide of Babloo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13502887", "title": "Rent-a-bike owners told to keep records or face action", "text": "PANAJI: The Anjuna police on Friday held a meeting of rent-a-bike owners and directed them to maintain a record of tourists who they rent their bikes to, failing which their licenses would be cancelled.Around 70 bike operators from Assagao, Nagoa, Anjuna, Vagator and Arpora were present at the meeting.The police asked the operators not to give their bikes on rent till they obtain all the requisite documents required under the transport department's Rules 8 and 9 of the rent-a-bike scheme 1997.There are over 200 rent-a-bike operators in the Anjuna police station jurisdiction. \"We have given form 3 to all the operators which they have to fill and if they fail to comply, then licenses can be cancelled,\" said police source.As per form 3, operators have to record the name of the tourist, present address, permanent address, date of issue of license and the authority which issued the license, said police sources.The meeting was attended by DySP Gajanan Prabhudesai, PI Anjuna Rahu Parab and PSI traffic cell, Mapusa, Sachin Narvekar.Similar meetings were also held in Calangute and Panaji .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13505396", "title": "Diagnosis of tuberculosis, typhoid starts at Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "VARANASI: The department of microbiology under the Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), BHU started the diagnosis and detection facilities to help in the treatment of tuberculosis and typhoid cases on Friday.Inaugurating the facilities in the department, BHU vice chancellor Dr Lalji Singh said a number of patients from east UP region and others would be benefitted with the start of these facilities in the department. Later, the BHU VC also visited the PCR Lab, serological and virological lab in the department on the occasion.It may be mentioned here that with the recent restrictions imposed by WHO on ELISA tests, the accurate detection and treatment of TB cases had become difficult. The new detection and treatment facilities would bolster the process at IMS, BHU. A number of senior faculty members including director, IMS, Prof TM Mohapatra, head of department Prof Gopal Nath and others were also present on the occasion.Entrance Examination: More than 15,000 candidates appeared in entrance examinations of BHU under different under graduate and post graduate courses that were held across various centres in the day.Braving scorching heat conditions, a number of candidates including girls appeared in the entrance examination of B Com (Hons), B Com (Financial Management), M Sc Bioinformatics and MA in Tourism Management. Traffic chaos and congestions were also witnessed across prominent crossings like Lanka on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13505440", "title": "DMs, SPs asked to prevent horse trading", "text": "GAYA: State Election Commissioner H C Sirohi has directed DMs, SSPs and SPs of all the districts except Begusarai and Arwal (municipal elections have not been held in these districts) to play a proactive role in ensuring fairness in the election of Mayors, Deputy Mayors and other heads of the municipal bodies including Nagar Panchayats.In an e-mail sent to all the officials late on Thursday evening, Sirohi, while expressing satisfaction over the peaceful conduct of municipal elections, told officials that the job was not yet over and the district officials have to ensure that no extraneous pressure or allurement takes place in the election to the post of Mayors and other chiefs of municipal bodies. The message says that the district chiefs of police and civil administration cannot afford to be mere spectators in the game to subvert the democratic process through the use of money and muscle power. Assuring the commission's protection of bold officers, the SEC, in the message, says that the commission will stand by such officers.Recalling the role played by the Election Commission in the horse-trading case during the Rajya Sabha elections in neighbouring Jharkhand, Sirohi's message says the State Election Commission, too, enjoys vast powers and it will not hesitate in exercising those powers in the interest of grassroot democratic institutions. Sirohi made it clear that stern action will be taken against the wrongdoers. Copies of the message have also been sent to the chief secretary, principal secretary (home), urban development departments, Zonal IGs and Range DIGs.The officials have been advised to constitute special teams comprising officers of competence and integrity in the drive to prevent horse-trading and use of muscle power in the mayoral and other elections of the urban civic bodies.The message says that the State Election Commission has been receiving information about the employment of questionable means during the elections scheduled to take place on June 9-10, 2012, respectively. Whereas the elections in the districts, except Patna, will be held on June 9, 2012, the Patna Mayor and Deputy Mayor will be elected on June 10. The district officials have also been advised to requisition the services of special branch staff and officers as they have the necessary expertise in dealing with such situations. Cautioning against the election of undesirable elements to these posts, the SEC's letter says that in case the wrong people manage to get elected, the officials will be the worst sufferers as, after all, it is they have to interact with the elected people on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13504250", "title": "Protests continue against petrol price", "text": "MYSORE: The hike in petrol price prompted a series of protests and demonstrations across the city on Friday. The protesters demanded immediate roll back of petrol prices.BJP members, led by former MLC C Ramesh, city BJP president Shivakumar and Karnataka Exhibition Authority chairman B P Manjunath, staged a demonstration in front of Gandhi Square, raising slogans against the Centre for the steep hike. Later, they proceeded to the DC's office and submitted a memorandum in this regard.Karnataka Hitharakshana Vedike members, who arrived in bicycles, staged a demonstration in front of the DC's office, and demanded withdrawal of the hike. They alleged that the steep price hike would affect common man.Socialist Unity Centre of India members, led by S Ravi and Umadevi, too staged a dharna at Ramaswamy Circle. Karnataka Rakshana Vedike city president K Madesh urged the Centre to roll back the hike, failing which an agitation will be launched from Monday.The city had witnessed a series of protests on Thursday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13501101", "title": "Brahmapuri's Snehal is probable state topper", "text": "Science topper | 589/600 marks | Nevajabai Hitkarni Junior College, BrahmapuriNAGPUR: By studying just four to five hours a day, Snehal Kose seems to have bagged the top position in the state for HSC 2012. \"I was extremely confident that I will score 97%, so scoring one percentage point more was not too much of a surprise for me,\" says Snehal, who has been continuing her habit of topping class since childhood. She wants to be a doctor, following in the steps of her elder brother, and is currently awaiting the results of the state entrance exam. Snehal did go for coaching for the Std XII common syllabus but also relied quite a bit on self study which finally led to her success.Meritorious track record continues in her family as her brother too had scored 93% in his HSC. \"My brother completed his MBBS and now is undergoing the mandatory internship. I always had a fascination for the medical field and hence decided to opt for it,\" said Snehal. Even though she could have taken a shot at any of the country's top medical colleges, Snehal chose to opt for the state medical entrance exam and hopes to get a seat in Nagpur.Having a very quiet and reserved personality, Snehal also chooses to stay away from the online world. \"I do not have an e-mail ID, let alone a Facebook account,\" says Snehal. An avid reader, she prefers to concentrate on her studies as in her own words 'priorities in life must be very clear'.Snehal's father is a schoolteacher while mother is a housewife. \"Academics have always been a priority for us and I have ensured that I stick to the task at hand. For me, the HSC exams were something that I had started preparing for a long time, hence there never was any last minute rush for me,\" adds Snehal.She now eagerly awaits the results of the common medical test and is preparing for long years of study. \"I have always wanted to be a doctor and have been eagerly awaiting this stage of my life. Now future plans are clear and I just hope to get a seat at the government college in Nagpur,\" says Snehal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13503781", "title": "Nigerian among two held with brown sugar", "text": "GURGAON: A Nigerian and a native of Bihar have been arrested on charges of drug peddling.Police recovered 410gm brown sugar kept in a courier packets going from Gurgaon and meant to be delivered in Spain. The seized drug is worth Rs 70 lakh. About a month ago police had recovered 370gm brown sugar from a courier agency, when the agency operator raised an alarm.In the recent case, the packet was taken to the agency by Raghavendra Kumar Jha, Bihari accomplice of the Nigerian, Henry North (Nath), according to police.The suspects paddled drugs through courier service from Delhi, Faridabad, Noida and Gurgaon. Police produced the two accused in a city court and took them on six days police remand and are interrogated them.Police had arrested North and Jha in Gurgaon's upscale Sushant Lok area. North lives in Delhi's Khanpur and Jha in the Arjun Nagar area. In all, police seized 780gm of brown sugar from the two.According to deputy commissioner of police (East) Maheshwar Dayal, Jha revealed that the Nigerian's network was spread over 18 countries including the US, UK, Australia, France, China and Spain. The Nigerian and his associate had together sent 30 to 40 courier packets to different countries. They have been successful in sending drugs in different packaging like wooden frame, bedsheet and suit with the hanger carrying drugs in sarees, chessboards and various other gifts skilfully packed so they are not caught at airports, he said.Dayal said that they have used various courier agencies in Delhi, Gurgaon, Faridabad and Noida for their shady business. They used to get the tracking number of their courier packets from companies on the phone on the basis of fake IDs and they used new SIM cards for each operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13498259", "title": "Woman jumps off Metro building, critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old woman from Bihar tried to commit suicide by jumping from top of the Nehru Place Metro station late on Friday evening. The condition of the woman, admitted at the AIIMS trauma centre, is said to be critical.The incident comes within 15 days of another man committing suicide in the same manner in the neighbouring Govindpuri Metro station on the Badarpur-Central Secretariat line. Overall, this is the eight suicide attempt at a Metro station over the past three months.The woman fell on the road 20 metres below. Police said they had found a suicide note on the woman, which hinted that she might have taken the step due to unemployment. The Metro railway police are investigating the case but refused to elaborate on the suicide note.\"Suicides are turning out to be a big problem for our schedule and affecting our general psyche. We have tried out several methods to prevent suicides but none has been full-proof. Even now, CISF personnel and private guards are deployed at stations to maintain a watch on people moving suspiciously. CCTV monitors are also scanned regularly to identify such people. However, everything happens in a split second before anybody can react. The motormen do their best to stop the train on time but are not always successful. Every suicide leaves a mark in the mind of the motorman though he is not to blame ,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499597", "title": "Police find car used by Borivli jewel thieves", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dahisar police, probing the robbery at a jewellery store on Thursday, have found the getaway vehicle used by the culprits. No arrests, though, have been made yet.Four men had decamped with 11 tolas of gold ornaments from Ekveera Jewellers in Sawarpada. They also slashed the shop owner, Subhash Potdar, on his face with a sword. They were carrying a country-made revolver as well.\"After Potdar and his wife raised an alarm, passersby chased the robbers and noted down the getaway car's registration number. We found the car (a sedan) abandoned in Borivli (W), which falls in the jurisdiction of the M H B Colony police,\" an official said.The cops also inquired if the robbers were known to Potdar, a Virar resident and took the shop on rent four months ago. \"We concluded that the robbers were professionals and weren't known to Potdar,\" the official added.The stolen jewellery was worth Rs 3.08 lakh. Potdar was treated for injuries to his nose and forehead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13499538", "title": "Will a Muslim political party work at national level?", "text": "Since 1947, moves by sections of Muslims to form their own political party at the national level have met with suspicion, condemnation, opposition and resentment from different quarters, including the Muslim intelligentsia.After the Partition, the Muslim League in India was rechristened as Indian Union Muslim League with the objective of becoming an all India party. It never received country-wide acceptance but it did survive and got respectable standing in Kerala.Several decades later Syed Shahabuddin, the diplomat-turned politician, tried his luck at forming the Insaf Party but failed. His belief that the Muslims, other religious minorities, SCs, STs and BCs could work together as counter-balance to the national parties was shattered. He realised late in life that the nation was not ready for such a dispensation.In the meantime, the national political parties began losing out to the rising tide of regional satraps. First it happened in Tamil Nadu and followed later in the Hindi heartland. Andhra Pradesh did not lag too far behind. Region and caste became two dominant factors in the new phenomenon.Keeping in line with the national trend, some Muslim intellectuals said it was easier and viable to form Muslim parties at the regional level. They cited the example of IUML in Kerala, MIM in AP and All India United Democratic Front in Assam. Some others said that the Muslims did not have to form any political party of their own. They said that the Muslims, politically speaking, are being taken by regional parties as one of the caste groups which are at the lower end of the socio-economic strata. Following this trend, large sections of Muslims sided alternately with the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party in UP with pleasing results.Concurrently, another section of the Muslims in UP tried to support the birth of a regional party of the Muslims and they were not disappointed. The Peace Party won four seats in the last Assembly polls in UP.Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, on the other hand, had been thinking on a different plane. It feels that there is scope for a Muslim political party at the national level. After deliberating over the idea for years the JIH launched Welfare Party of India in New Delhi some 18 months ago. After opening its units in about six states, it is preparing to start its operation formally in Andhra Pradesh in October next. The AP unit has already chosen its president, Sultan Mohiuddin Mullick, a veteran Telugu writer and journalist.The Welfare Party says that it would work in association with all religious and caste affiliations on the social justice plank. More specifically, it would like to carry along the marginalized groups such as SCs, STs and BCs. It would have, among its office-bearers, a large number of non-Muslims.The formation of WP in Kerala has upset the Muslim League. It is going to face the similar situation in Assam and AP where AIUDF and MIM are well entrenched. They are bound to resist the appearance of the so-called Muslim party on their horizons.The MIM has not reacted to the announcement that the WP will take off in AP soon. It shows that MIM does not take the formation of WP seriously. But it would definitely get into a combative mood the moment it perceives that the WP is trying to cut into the MIM constituents.The idea of WP is still in formative stage. May be a couple of general elections down the line the Muslims would be able to tell whether they need their own party at the national level or be happy with the regional formations and alliances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13501308", "title": "Cops launch another operation to nab traffic offenders", "text": "NASHIK: Continuing with its programme of deploying maximum personnel on the city's streets, the Nashik police commissionerate launched yet another such programme on Friday, targeting criminals and offenders driving three wheelers as well as bikers.Approximately, 350 to 400 police officials and employees of all police stations ventured out to track criminals and three wheeler and two wheeler drivers violating the law and those driving without documents.The operation began at 5pm and senior police officials said that it would be implemented for the next five to six hours. Cops had launched an operation on the midnight of May 21 which continued till 5am on May 22. They detained 81 criminals. The police had also chanced upon serious offenders and also those who were staying in the city despite they being externed from Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13507010", "title": "Economically weaker section children make Chandigarh proud in class x exams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is no short-cut to success in studies other than hard work and these students have proved it right. Belonging to economically weaker section (EWS) of the society, these underprivileged children have performed well in the Central Board of Secondary Education Class X exams, to make their parents and city proud.Kunal Ahuja, resident of Morigate Manimajra who belongs to a lower middle class family, has made his family proud and proved that money is no deterrent if one wants to achieve his goals in life by scoring 9.6 CGPA in exams. His father works as a shopkeeper.Sukhwinder Kaur's father Shri Jagtar Singh is a Granthi by profession at Gurudwara Manji Sahib, Manimajra, and earns Rs 3,800 per month, but his daughter dreams to make it big in life. She has also proved her mettle by scoring 8.2 CGPA in Class X.Rahul and Sahil at St John's School are EWS students who scored 9.4 and 9.2 CGPA, respectively.There are many bright students from economically weaker families who have made the city as well as their parents proud. Seema of Manimajra scored 8.4 CGPA, Renuka of Sector 2 Panchkula scored 8.4 CGPA, Priyanka Vaid of New Dakshini Bhag Manimajra scored 7.8 CGPA, Aakriti Rawat of Manimajra scored 7.6 CGPA, Nutan of Mauli Jagran scored 7.2 CGPA, Wasim Akram scored 7.0 CGPA, Ankita (specially-abled) scored 6.0 CGPA, Manoj Sharma (specially-abled) from Dhakoli scored 5.6 CGPA.From Government Schools, Sachin, Vibha, Sonia, Deepak along with two others managed to get good scores in the EWS category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13501713", "title": "Chhindwara foresters nab big gang of poachers", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major breakthrough that could unmask recent poaching of tigers in Maharashtra, the Chhindwara forest officials have nabbed a 11-member gang with a metal trap near Linga in Madhya Pradesh , around 110km from Nagpur.As the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has sounded a red alert following poaching of tigers in Maharashtra recently, a rigorous monitoring and patrolling drive has been launched around parks in Madhya Pradesh.The two youths who were arrested first revealed their names as Jinender (26) from Surguja and Ramid (30) from Ambikapur, both in Chhattisgarh. Five members of the gang are still absconding. The women and children of the gang members have also been detained. Sources said all the gang members belong to the Pardhi community.The gang was exposed after two forest guards going toward Pench Tiger Reserve found the two youths moving about in a suspicious manner on a bike. The youths were coming from Pench side. Linga, the place where they were nabbed, is 14km from Chhindwara.The men and women were in a green-coloured gypsy close behind. During a search and interrogation, it was found that they were from the Pardhi community. A metal trap with hair, suspected to be that of tiger, has also been seized.\"The hair will be sent to forensic lab for examination. A spear and two hammers used to fit the traps were also seized from the vehicle. The culprits said they had come to villages to sell bedsheets and blankets,\" said divisional forest officer (DFO) Ashok Kumar of Chhindwara (East).The gang is suspected to have come from Nagpur. They apparently had plans to lay traps in Chaurai, Chand and Bichwa areas in the buffer zone of Pench reserve in Madhya Pradesh.\"It seems to be a big gang operating simultaneously in various forest areas. We have also seized eight motorcycles and equal number of mobiles from them,\" Kumar said. \"Many wire traps used to kill small and big animals were also confiscated from them.\"Immediately after the news of arrest, the Pardhi women tried to create a scene but due the to presence of police there was no law and order problem. The arrested poachers are not revealing the names of the absconding members. \"We will also examine whether the poachers were involved in killing of tigers in Maharashtra,\" Kumar said. \"Their call details will be traced.\"SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra, said he will coordinate with the MP forest officials to see whether the gang is involved in wildlife crime here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13510688", "title": "Retired senior medical officer, four others booked in gangrape case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mewat police booked five persons, including a retired Senior Medical Officer (SMO) of a Primary Health Centre (PHC), for having gangraped a 19-year-old girl belonging to the minority community for 14 days, at the SMO's residence on the PHC premises, and other places.Cops registered a case of gangrape at Punhana police station of Mewat district. Besides the accused SMO, Dr Manish Bhalla, who retired from office on April 30, others named in the case are Dr Ashish Bengali, a registered medical practitioner; Azad Singh and Hasam, sarpanch and a resident of Gheeda village; and Hafizan, a woman belonging to Singar village.According to police, Dr Manish Bhalla and others were accused of sexually exploiting the victim between April 28 to May 12. Cops are awaiting reports of medical tests done on the girl. Mewat SP Pankaj Nain said, \"No external injuries were inflicted on the girl. Investigation is on and we are analyzing the statement recorded by the victim.\"Punhana SHO Anil Kumar , while attributing to the details in the FIR, said Hafizan, in her early 40s, introduced the victim to Dr Manish, who, along with Ashish Bengali and Hasan, abused her for the initial four days at the official residence of the doctor.Then, Azad Singh and others took the girl to rooms constructed on the stone crusher owned by Bhani Ram Mangla and committed the crime, before dumping the girl near Singar village.A police officer said, \"The victim's family approached us on Thursday. We are trying to ascertain why the family did not complain right after the girl was abandoned by the accused, and the reason why no 'missing' report was lodged.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "13504993", "title": "Two youngsters drown in Ghaghra, Saryu", "text": "BAHRAICH: A girl and a school student drowned in Ghaghra and Saryu rivers in separate incidents. Reportedly Manju (15) went to Dhanrajpur canal at Ghaghra river under Jarwal Road police station with her friend to collect the fodder for the cattle, she slipped and went deep into the water. Her friend Gudiya went inside the water to rescue her, but she also began to drown. A boatman somehow saved Gudiya, but could not find any trace of Manju.In another incident Junaid Khan (22) resident of Qila under Nanpara Kotwali, an undergraduate from AMU came to Nanpara on summer vacation. Junaid went to Saryu canal with his friends for swimming and drowned in the river. His friends raised an alarm and the people nearby rushed to the spot, and later found Junaid dead in the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500733", "title": "Chennai opens up to fancy dining in the dark", "text": "CHENNAI: At this restaurant, the decor won't matter. For here, you'll literally dine in the dark. While an array of dishes will cater to the gourmet in you, a pitch-black room ensures that you rely on your sense of smell and taste to enjoy the food.\"Dining in the dark is popular abroad but the concept is new in India,\" says Nimrat Pahwa. The chef-manager of On The Rocks at Sheraton Park Hotel &amp; Towers, which is all set to introduce Chennaiites to the gastronomical experience on Saturday. \"We feel the people here are willing to experiment,\" she says.On Saturday night, the restaurant will be cloaked in darkness. While the lower level with the bar will have minimal lighting, guests will be led to a muted dark room upstairs to dine. \"While there will be candlelight to help the staff serve, guests will be blindfolded,\" says Pahwa.Fine dining in India is getting innovative with restaurants trying new concepts. Bangalore got its own restaurant, Dark - Dine Invisible, a few months ago.The idea is to heighten some of your senses to enjoy the food. \"Without sight, the sense of taste and smell will be stronger,\" says Pahwa.Guests do get to state their food preference - chicken, seafood, tenderloin or vegetarian. \"But each dish will hold an element of surprise as they won't know what is being placed before them,\" says Pahwa. \"The staff will tell them what cutlery to use and where it is placed.\" Guests are encouraged to touch and feel the food, if they don't feel comfortable.The restaurant will offer dark dining once in two months but Pahwa hopes that the service will become frequent. The five-course meal is priced at Rs 3,800 plus taxes per person. \"It can be a lot of fun,\" says executive chef Praveen Anand.MRR Tagore, who launched the Bangalore restaurant along with Srikarunya Subramaniam, says they wanted to see how the concept will click here. He converted a portion of his restaurant, which is kept dark. \"We have employed people who are blind to wait on the guests,\" says Tagore. \"Guests can choose what they want and we give them a platter,\" he says. \"We get four or five people on an average every day,\" he says. \"We are waiting to see if business will pick up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521767", "title": "Chakradhaar", "text": "CreditsDirector: Shakur Sir, Dharamprakash Cast: Abhishek Anand, Urvashi Sharma, Vidya Malvade, Akhilendra Mishra, Govind Namdev, Darshan Jariwala, Yashpal Sharma, Ganesh Yadav, Rajesh Shringarpure, Mrinalini Sharma, Zakir Hussain , Mariam Zakaria (special appearance) Producer: Bharat Anand Presenter: Sir JVM Movies Pvt Ltd Action: Abbas Ali Moghul Story: Arsh Music: Anand Raj Anand, Jatin Pandit Lyrics: Sameer Choreographer: Saroj Khan, Jeet Singh Release Date: June 15, 2012SynopsisThe movie is set in Banaras in today's time of politics and corruption. Shravan ( Abhishek Anand) is a simple but righteous son of a peon who joins Banaras University for his post graduation on his father's insistence. He is romantically inclined toward the Principal's daughter. A University topper and a man of principles, Shravan notices that a lot of corruption is happening in the University. He actively involves himself in the fight against corruption.This fight doesn't go unnoticed by the local MLA Dharmraj Chaudhary, who finds ways to push Shravan to the edge and destroys everything in his life. After Shravan's life is saved by an honest cop, he makes a pledge to fight back. Shravan transitions into Pandit, a goon who only fights with Chaudhary and his brothers Balraj and Yograj to take revenge. In the strange twist and turn of event, Pandit becomes successful in taking his revenge and ends his phase as Pandit on the note of redemption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13500406", "title": "Central Bureau of Investigation: Frustrated Zahida got Shehla Masood murdered", "text": "INDORE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filed its chargesheet in the Shehla Masood murder case on Friday before the Special CBI Magistrate Court judge Shubhra Singh here. Nine months after the activist was murdered in Bhopal, CBI has chargesheeted five accused including Zahida Pervez while giving a \"clean chit\" to Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA from Bhopal Dhruv Narayan Singh.Stating that the investigating agency found no role of Dhruv Narayan Singh in the murder, CBI counsel Hemant Shukla said, \"Dhruv's name figures in the chargesheet as the prime accused Zahida Pervez was close to him.\" He was into relationship with Zahida and Shehla. Singh and Zahida had heated arguments over Shehla many a time, said Shukla.The chargesheet names Bhopal-based interior designer Zahida Pervez as the conspirator who conspired with co-accused Saba Farooqi and Saqib Ali , Danger to kill Shehla. Danger arranged the shooters Tabish Khan and Irfan both from Uttar Pradesh and logistics for the crime, says the chargesheet.All have been booked under 302, and 120 (B). This Apart, Saba and Saquib have been charged with section 201 for causing disappearance of evidence of offence and giving false information.In addition, sections 34 of IPC for act done by several persons in furtherance of common intention have been booked against Saqib, Irfan and Tabish. Besides, the trio will charged under section 25 (sale and transfer of firearm) and section 27 (use of arm) of Arms Act. Zahida was obsessed about MLA Dhruv and could not tolerate Shehla's proximity with him.Anguished over Shehla's closeness to Dhruv, Zahida planned to kill her.The charge-sheet claims that the idea to kill Shehla was planned by Zahida on July 27 last year, a day after the birthday of MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh.On July 26, Zahida had expected to celebrate the birthday party of Singh at her office.But, Dhruv didn't bother to call her up, which apparently put her off.However, the frustration in Zahida brewed when Dhruv did not call her up even the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13520885", "title": "Facebook may buy Opera to launch own browser: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Social networking giant is planning to buy a Norwegian software firm in a bid to launch its own browser, according to a report.Tech blog Pocket-lint, cited unnamed 'trusted sources,' as saying that Facebook is looking at Opera Software, the company behind Opera Web browser, to expand into the browser space.According to CBS News , the move would place Facebook in competition with other tech companies in the browser game such as Yahoo , which recently launched Axis, and Google.The tech blog said that a Facebook browser 'would allow you keep up to date with your social life from in-built plug-ins and features on the menu bar.'The Next Web's sources revealed that Opera is in a hiring freeze and talking to potential buyers.The company reports about 200 million users across all of its platforms.Meanwhile, Facebook has declined to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13501711", "title": "Times Edufest 2012 inaugurated", "text": "AMRAVATI: The three-day Times Edufest 2012 presented by DSRCBM was inaugurated by N Nawin Sona, municipal commissioner of Amravati and Dr Mohan Khedkar, vice chancellor, Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University at Art Gallery, Sant Dhnyaneshwar Sanskrutik Bhavan, near Panchvati Square, Morshi Road, Amravati, on Friday.The Times Edufest is bringing together institutes and organizations offering courses in business management, arts and commerce, engineering, dental (BDS), medical (MBBS), foot wear design, IIT, computer hardware, polytechnic and other career courses.The aim of this exhibition is to help young students make up their minds and bring them in direct contact with the best providers in the region. Several participants from Amravati, Nagpur and other places in the region are participating in the event.The education fair has given higher education institutions and professional bodies an opportunity to reach out to students and working adults seeking further education. It is a must visit for educationists, parents, and others interested in or related to the education industry.The event will continue on May 26 and 27 from 4pm to 10pm. Entry to the fair is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13505738", "title": "Water supply to government buildings cut for defaulting property tax", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Ooty municipal officials disconnected water supply to at least six of the government buildings in Ooty town, on Friday, as they are yet to pay property tax. The municipality has short-listed at least 18 government properties for which property tax has not yet been paid. In some cases, the tax has not been paid for more than a decade. The government buildings include central government offices also. Many domestic buildings have also been identified by the municipality as defaulters.K Sivakumar, Ooty Municipal Commissioner, said, \"As far as government premises are concerned we have identified at least 18 properties in Ooty town for which property tax has not been paid. On Friday, water supply was disconnected to six government buildings\". The buildings include two central government premises namely, BSNL office and Microwave office. \"BSNL has to pay tax dues since 2001 which amounts to Rs.43 lakh while Microwave has to pay Rs.5.85 lakh,\" said Sivakumar.The other government buildings include the cooperative government press, BDO office and the Khadhi and Village board. According to the municipal Commissioner, the government press owes about Rs.7 lakh to the municipality.\"The drive to disconnect water supply to the remaining government buildings that have defaulted will continue from Monday onwards. Water supply will be discontinued to the domestic defaulters too,\" Sivakumar said. If the defaulters fail to pay tax dues, the properties will be auctioned according to the latest guideline value, as per the municipal act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501644", "title": "Patna University vice-chancellor calls for dalits' social inclusion", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said here on Friday that the social inclusion of dalits would not be possible without the proactive role of intellectuals.Presiding over a three-day national seminar on \"Dynamics of dalit exclusion in contemporary Indian society\", organized by the Patna University here, Singh said that the Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy Studies Centre of PU would be strengthened to fulfil the national mission.Speaking as chief guest on the occasion, former VC of Magadh University, Shamshad Hussain emphasized the need of psychological empowerment of the downtrodden so that they might be able to join the national mainstream.Prominent among those who addressed the seminar were PU's former VC M Mohiuddin, Kancha Illaiah, Ramnika Gupta, Vinay Kumar Kanth, M N Karna, Ish Kumar Gangania, Vimal Kirti and Shila Takbhore.At the outset, seminar convener R S Arya welcomed the guests. PU history teacher Daisy Bannerji conducted the programme. Ziaul Hassan proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13506041", "title": "Infertility gene may lead to pill for men", "text": "LONDON: Scottish scientists have discovered a gene that plays a key role in production of healthy sperm, a breakthrough that could soon pave the way for developing a new contraceptive pill for men.In experiments on mice, researchers at the Centre for Reproductive Health at the University of Edinburgh found a gene, called Katnal1, which was vital for the final stages of sperm production.Detailing their findings in the journal PLos Genetics, the team said a drug which interrupts Katnal1 could be a reversible contraceptive.They were investigating the causes of male infertility , for which they randomly altered the genetic code of mice to see which became infertile . They traced the mutations causing infertility, which led them to find Katnal 1. It contains the blueprints for a protein which is important in cells that support sperm making. Without the protein, sperm do not fully form and the body disposes of them.They hoped they would be able to perform a similar trick in humans to stop sperm developing, without causing lasting damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13504311", "title": "Mysoreans upset with 'lack' of Dasara preparations", "text": "MYSORE: Every year, the government claims that it will begin Dasara preparations well in advance, maybe in the summer itself. The summer is coming to end, but the authorities are yet to begin the preparations. The government is yet to constitute high-power committee empowered to look after Dasara preparations and festivities.Though government and officials claim to have made a beginning, traders, businessmen, philanthropists and people refuse to accept their word. People feel delayed preparations make the festival only an annual formality. According to them, the festivity, being monotonous, fail to attract tourists on a large scale. \"The failure to hardsell the event will only end up wasting public money,\" they feel.\"It's time to begin the preparations for Dasara celebrations. But the authorities seem to be in deep slumber in this regard,\" said N Raghavan, a philanthropist. According to him, civic works like putting up infrastructure, working out the contents of the events, and selection of artistes require time. \"It has become a habit for the authorities to postpone road repairs and city-beautification works, citing rainy season as the reason,\" he said, charging the authorities with failing to tap the tourist potential of the festival.Another city-based businessman S Dandapani said the authorities' alleged failure to complete the Raja Marga (procession route), which started two years ago, itself shows the lack of seriousness on their part. \"The authorities never plan the events scientifically,\" he said, adding that government and the authorities waste public money in the name of Nada Habba.However, MCC commissioner K S Raiker denied that the administration is sleeping over the matter. \"We have already begun Dasara preparations by identifying and finalizing the estimates of civil works,\" he said, claiming that Raja Marga will be completed in the next two months. \"Even asphalting of major roads in the core area of the city, and Palace has been complete. Only minor repair works will be taken up in the surrounding areas,\" he added.Meanwhile, the government is planning to constitute a special authority exclusively to look after Dasara celebrations. Disclosing this to TOI, district minister A S Ramdas said: \"In principle, the chief minister has agreed to the proposal. A final decision on this count will be taken in a day or two. Most probably, the proposal will get the cabinet nod in next couple of days.\"According to the minister, the authority will henceforth look after the preparations, and \"there is no question of constituting a high-power committee\". However, sub-committees will be constituted by the authority itself, he added. \"The constitution of the committee is delayed for this reason,\" he said, adding that authority will be headed by a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13501332", "title": "Amravati improves, but still lowest in state", "text": "AMRAVATI: The HSC result declared on Friday has not brought any reason to celebrate for Amravati division, which finds itself at the bottom among all nine divisions. The silver lining is that the Amravati division has improved its result by 14% as compared to last year.Last year, pass percentage of Amravati division was 48.80% while this year, it has improved to 62.67%. Amongst five districts of Amravati division, Buldhana with 66.23% has highest result followed by Amravati at 65.23% while Yavatmal has lowest result of 57.53%. Washim has reported 64.84% and Akola 61.16%.A total of 1,20,080 students registered for HSC examination from Amravati division of which 1,18,693 appeared for the examination. Of this, 74,622 students passed the examination. The result of science faculty is highest with 76.42% followed by MCVC stream which has reported 72.46%. Commerce faculty has reported 60.69% pass result while arts faculty has reported 52.93% results.Chairperson of Amravati divisional board SA Tambe said that he is satisfied with the result since it has improved by 14% from last year. \"This was the outcome of quality development campaign implemented in Amravati division. Last year, when we have emerged as lowest rankers amongst all nine divisions, we chalked out this special programme for the improvement of the result. Under it, we have mostly focused on schools which had reported result turnout below 30%,\" said Tambe.\"We have scrupulously implemented copy free campaign in all five districts. Amongst all nine divisions, Amravati division had reported highest number of visits by squads which has helped students to built positive attitude towards the examination. The psyche of the students has been changing due to which they will refrain from malpractices,\" he said.As result of scrupulous implementation of copy free campaign, the number of students caught copying has reduced this year. Last year, Amravati division had the dubious distinction of having 1,504 cases of malpractices. This year, the number has come down to 371.In Yavatmal, only one school, Dinbai Junior College of Digras, got 100% result. Two schools got zero per cent result while four schools got results below 10%. There were 334 junior colleges, both zilla parishad and private, across the district in 16 tehsils. A total of 26,796 candidates had registered for the exam of whom 26,421 appeared and 15,199 candidates were declared successful.This time, most English medium schools having more than two sections could not ensure 100 per cent result as compared to their previous track record. The success of the 'copy free exam drive' implemented in the district has reflected in the exam result, said sources.Meanwhile, Saurav Gadia and Priyanka Toshniwar of Radhakisan Laxminarayan Toshniwal College of Science and Rutuja Sapkal of Shri Shivaji College of Science each got 97% marks in the HSC results declared on Friday. All of them got 582 marks out of 600.The students of RLT College of Science brought laurels to Akola city as 50 students got above 90% marks. Some 640 of the 662 students of RLT College who appeared have passed the standard XII examination. The Akola district's passing percentage was 61.4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13505397", "title": "Now, hike in auto fares?", "text": "PATNA: Auto drivers under the aegis of Auto Men's Union took out a procession and later burned the effigy of PM Manmohan Singh at the Dak Bungalow crossing on Friday.The march was led by union president Subodh Kumar.Later, they held a meeting at which the speakers urged the state government to provide subsidy to auto drivers on petrol and permission to run autos on LPG.They urged the Centre and the state government to set up a CNG-refilling station in Patna. If the demands are not met, they said, auto drivers would hike the fares up to 20% from May 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504885", "title": "CAG seeks Allahabad University reply on hostel inmates' living conditions", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as the visit of two-member fact-finding committee, constituted by the ministry of human research and development ( MHRD), is still fresh in the minds of thousands of hostel inmates of AU, another central agency has taken strong cognizance of the prevailing conditions at varsity hostels. This time, it is the CAG (Comptroller and Auditor General) of India which has asked the AU authorities about the action it has taken to improve living conditions at Kalpana Chawla Hostel (KCH) of AU.The CAG has sought an explanation from AU on a report published in TOI, dated September 14, 2011, titled \"Snake makes it way at AU's women hostel\" and asked the varsity authorities what they have to say on the issue.Pointedly, on the intervening night of September 12 and 13, 2011, a snake was spotted in room number 26 of Kalpana Chawla Hostel, meant for students pursuing professional courses at AU. According to eyewitnesses, on the fateful night, a girl got up from her bed to fetch a battery operated fan from the almirah. But as she picked up the fan in utter darkness, she felt something slimy and when she lit the mobile torch, she saw a black snake wrapped around the handle of the fan.Crying aloud, the lone girl shouted for help following which the guard killed the reptile. It was the third time that a snake was spotted in the rooms of KCH. TOI, in its report, had raised serious question on the safety of girls residing in the five hostels on the campus.Taking cognizance of the report, the CAG had written a letter on September 27, 2011, which after being routed through various official channels reached AU this week and the registrar's office has forwarded the same to the office of Dean Student Welfare (DSW).DSW professor R K Singh said, \"While replying to the CAG query, we would explain our stand as the issue had been taken care of. The shrubs and dense vegetative growth has been cleaned and the holes in the windows have been plugged.\" AU is sensitive towards the problems being faced by the hostel inmates, especially the girls, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13505733", "title": "After last year\u2019s slight gain, Latur leaps ahead with 20% pass rate", "text": "Latur division, which was a blot on the state's performance for the past two years, has managed to regain its lost glory this year.With 19.8% rise in its overall success rate, Latur rose from its last and second-last position in 2010 and 2011, respectively , to the fifth position this time round.Dilip Sahastrabuddhe, chairman of the Latur division , said, \"In March 2010, our success rate in the SSC exam was around 47%. The same batch of students appeared for their Class XII exam this year. Since they were fewer in number and among the best of the lot, they did well,\" he said.Till 2009, Latur was among the divisions that got the best results. In fact, other divisions were asked to follow the 'Latur pattern' to achieve better results . The figures, though, skewed after the state board came down heavily on cheating cases in the past two years.Amravati, another division where the success rate of HSC students plummeted to 45.93% in the last results season , also saw a rise of 10 % this year. Though the division remained at the last position, the rise in the pass percentage was good enough reason for celebrations.Shivaji Tambe, chairperson of the Amravati division, said a lot of activities were undertaken right from the beginning of the academic year. \"The number of teaching hours were also increased. We had appealed to all schools to take extra lectures. A campaign on quality improvement was carried out in all the five districts of the division. Awareness campaigns against cheating and its consequences worked well among students too,\" said Tambe.Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the state board, though, said these two divisions are not the only contributing factors to the state's success. \"Except for Mumbai division, all the other divisions have reported an increase in the success rate. Kolhapur's performance , if counted with Konkan division (Konkan was part of Kolhapur division till last year), has gone up too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13510728", "title": "Jat body to keep distance from Anna, Ramdev", "text": "ROHTAK: The All India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS), which claims to represent Jats in Haryana, on Friday decided to keep distance from yoga guru Baba Ramdev and social activist Anna Hazare , expressing surprise over their silence on the issue of reservation to Jat community in Central and state government jobs and educational institutes.Hawa Singh Sangwan, state president of the samiti, stated that the dual character of these two anti-corruption crusaders have been exposed on the issue of reservations for various sections of societies, as they had extended support for quota to Muslims and Christians.\"It's surprising that they have not yet taken a decision regarding a similar demand by Jats in the country. The community has been passing through critical times due to its deteriorating social and economic conditions\", Sangwan said.People from Haryana, including Jats, have given wholehearted support to agitations by Ramdev and Anna on issues like black money and Lok Pal bill recently. Ramdev currently has been on a statewide tour of Haryana, carrying out Bharat Swabhiman Yatra, to mobilize people on issues being raised by him.The Jat leader maintained that people of Haryana had been proactively supporting every social and political agitation for the betterment of country and society in the past. \"Our support is crucial for the success of any agitation. But now, when the farming community in Haryana is in crisis and needs the support of reservation for its upliftment, it's the duty of people like Ramdev and Anna to express their solidarity with us\", he said, making it clear that they must extend support to Jat agitation and only then the samiti would reciprocate on their demands.Sangwan also objected to the fact that Ramdev reached out to newly elected chief minister Akhilesh Singh Yadav after the recent assembly elections in five states. \"He should make this gesture to all newly elected chief ministers, but his visiting only one chief minister indicated his politically biased attitude\", he said.The samiti would take a decision on resuming the agitation in its national executive meeting scheduled to be held in Panipat on Sunday, Sangwan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "he came, he saw and he conquered with a deafening roar. that was prosenjit chatterjee aka bikram singha for you on thursday evening at the closeddoor screening of \"bikram singha", "code": "13516574", "title": "Dev, Subhashree at a movie screening", "text": "He came, he saw and he conquered with a deafening roar. That was Prosenjit Chatterjee aka Bikram Singha for you on Thursday evening at the closeddoor screening of \"Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\".Said Prosenjit, exuding Zen-like calmness, \"These days, I remain unaffected by the euphoria. After working in over 300 movies, I have gone into a cruise-control mode. But yes , two days ahead of a premiere, I retracted into a shell.\" Dev, who dropped by the movie hall to watch the film, said, \"There's only one word that I can use to describe the experience: fatafati!\" Jeet, who couldn't stay on for the entire length of the movie, said, \"From the looks to the setting, the action and camera - mindblowing is the only compliment! The \"BS\" team simply rocks!\"We asked Rajib if he was nervous. \"I feel extremely confident. But the real public and their reaction matters,\" he said. Wife Srabanti, who accompanied Rajib, said that she BBMed Prosenjit in the wee hours to congratulate him! \"I'm smitten by him all over again,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500176", "title": "Kazmi can see remand papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday allowed the plea of journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, arrested for his alleged role in the bomb attack on an Israeli diplomat's car, seeking copies of the remand papers. The court said access to the remand papers was Kazmi's fundamental right, as they were not secret documents.It added there is \"no legal prohibition on supply of documents to the accused in judicial custody subject to the safeguards provided by the relevant statutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "13499368", "title": "Telugu Desam Party's Lok Sabha candidate does a disappearing act", "text": "NELLORE: The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) was on Friday plunged into a deep crisis with its nominee for the Nellore Lok Sabha seat, Vanteru Venugopala Reddy, suddenly disappearing from the campaign scene. Suspecting foul play, the party brass rushed state youth wing leader Bida Ravichandra Yadav to submit his papers on Friday, the last day for filing nominations.Curiously, Vanteru, who had filed his papers on Wednesday, went incommunicado the very next day. However, according to sources, Vanteru is mulling withdrawal from the poll fray to protest against the allegedly dictatorial ways of district party chief and former minister Somireddy Chandramohan Reddy.Vanteru reportedly spoke to party supremo Chandrababu Naidu over the telephone and expressed a desire to retire from the contest. Vanteru is believed to have left Nellore after informing local leaders that he was going to meet Naidu in Hyderabad.With Naidu having left for campaign duty at Macherla in Guntur district, Vanteru reportedly met senior leaders at the party office. Subsequently, he is believed to have sought a meeting with Naidu at Macherla.Reacting to the development, Naidu first rushed Ravichandra to file his papers and then reviewed with district leaders the party's position in Nellore.Sources said that Naidu has taken Chandramohan Reddy to task for having failed to handle the crisis properly. Indeed, Vanteru had expressed his inability to contest citing financial problems even before Naidu had finalized his candidature.He, however, agreed to contest only after Naidu offered the party's support. Vanteru is a financially sound businessman with investments in pharma companies. Sources said he cited financial problems only to escape having to contest the election as he knows there is little chance of him winning the seat.Sources said that Vanteru set three conditions to the party leadership if he is to continue as the TDP candidate. He sought the Kavali segment for himself for the 2014 elections and also insisted that he be designated to channel the fund distribution for the current elections instead of Chandramohan Reddy.Vanteru, who won from Kavali in the 1999 Assembly elections, was defeated by Magunta Parvathamma in 2004. Subsequently, TDP fielded Bida Mastan Rao, a BC leader, from Kavali and nominated Vanteru as its LS candidate for the 2009 elections. But while Mastan Rao won the Kavali seat, Vanteru lost his LS battle.\"Since then, he has been dreaming of making a comeback in his hometown and is just waiting for an opportunity,\" insiders said. Vanteru took the LS byelections as a chance to push the party leadership into a corner and disappeared from the scene after filing his papers.Meanwhile, Chandramohan Reddy said that Vanteru had gone to Hyderabad on \"personal work\" and would rejoin the campaign trail in a day or two. He said that Ravichandra had filed his papers as a dummy candidate only who would eventually withdraw from the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13504640", "title": "'Operation Dirty' to kick off on Sunday", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil said here on Friday that 'Operation Dirty,' a campaign to keep the twin cities clean, will commence on May 27.The campaign focuses on making the twin cities 'garbage free' and 'container free,' by implementing an efficient door-to-door garbage collection system. If garbage is collected at the door steps of people on a regular basis, need of containers will be minimal and also there will be no spilling of garbage on the roadsides. Hence the menace of stray pigs and dogs will also come down.The garbage so collected will be converted into vermicompost, the mayor said. Cleaning gutters regularly, fogging all areas in Hubli and Dharwad to control mosquito menace are part of the programme. The mayor sought cooperation of people to keep the twin cities spick and span.Zero waste managementMeanwhile, a zero waste management plant was inaugurated in Navanagar on Friday. Such plants will be set up in other wards too to generate vermicompost from biodegradable waste. HDMC commissioner KV Trilokchandra appealed to residents and shop keepers to segregate garbage as degradable and non-degradable before placing it in the dustbins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13507255", "title": "An act of reverence to Guru", "text": "LUDHIANA: Functions were organized in different parts of the city to mark the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev, the fifth Sikh guru. The residents paid their reverence to the Guru by visiting gurdwaras, organizing \"chabeel\" (sweet water distribution), \"langar\" and a series of other activities.\"Guru Arjan Dev sacrificed his life for humanity. He continues to be a source of strength for every one. In the morning I went to the gurdwara with my family and also did service in the gurdwara,\" said Amarjot Singh, a resident of Model Town. \"We had organized a chabeel with all my friends contributing for the cause. We served sweet water to people. We also paid obeisance at the gurdwara,\" said Simranjeet Singh of Sarabha Nagar.Community kitchen was set up at Middha Chowk where physically challenged children distributed food. \"These kids are doing a great service and it makes one ask if they can do community service despite their limitations, then why can't we,\" said Manvinder Singh, a businessman from New Model Town.Sukrit Trust, a pan-India NGO, organized 'chabeels of bani' in 83 places across the city and surrounding areas. Mandeep Kaur Khalsa and Manpreet Singh Sukarni stated that more than 25 volunteers distributed copies of 'Sukhan Di Manni' (Sukhmani Sahib - Swal Jwab) to the passengers at the railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13506174", "title": "HSC exams: Latur boosts Maharashtra's pass percentage", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra saw its pass rate climb after dipping each year since 2009, when it was 78.4%. In 2010, the state had a 72.2% pass rate, and last year the success rate was 65.6%.The Latur division's success rate, which plunged to 44.8% in 2010 and stood at 46.4% last year, rose by nearly 20% to 66.1%, which was mainly responsible for lifting the state's performance. \"Latur's earlier poor showing was one reason for the state's poor performance. This year, the division performed really well, adding to the state's overall success rate,\" said a senior state board official. Amravati's students also pulled up their socks and did better by 10%.State education minister Rajendra Darda told TOI, \"The board managed to announce the timetable a year in advance, which could have helped students prepare. Latur, Amravati and Aurangabad , which did dismally last year, did really well this time.\" He added that this will be the first year students get copies of answer sheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13498584", "title": "Gautam Gambhir toughest to bowl to: Morne Morkel", "text": "CHENNAI: Morne Morkel has easily been the best pace bowler of IPL 5. The Delhi Daredevils paceman has led the attack from the front. Morkel's efforts have had a lot to do with the success of the team. Excerpts from an interview...You are still the highest wicket-taker of the IPL this season. It must have been a fascinating experience?It is, for sure. I enjoyed every bit of this season. Last season, we were playing hard, yet were languishing at the bottom of the table. It doesn't feel good when you end up on the losing side. This year, everyone has put in his best, the team has clicked, and we have come this far.How difficult is it for a genuine pacer to sustain himself in this heat for so many games at a stretch?I think it's more of a mental challenge than physical. If you have a strong mind and you are ready to stick it out, you'll succeed. The IPL is a test of character, where you have to play so many games at a stretch against the top batsmen of the world, who are looking to hit you out of the ground. If you come out with flying colours, you know that you have evolved as a bowler.These days many bowlers sacrifice pace to become better bowlers in limited-overs cricket. Do you endorse that view?It's really a personal choice. But I think it's more important to be clever. A paceman should understand the conditions and work accordingly. Pace will always be important, but it's not the be-all and end-all.You and Dale Steyn are two of the best pacers of the world. How is it bowling with somebody like him?Obviously, he is not the No. 1 pacer for nothing. I love bowling with him. The two of us have distinctive styles, while he is the one who relies more on swing, I am more of a hit-the-deck bowler. I don't think there's any competition between the two of us. In South Africa we are all family. We, of course, exchange notes and help each other out and relish each others success and that makes us a good pair.What's your take on the current crop of Indian pacemen?There are quite a few talented pacers in this country. I am particularly impressed with Umesh Yadav and Varun Aaron of my team. At their age, there can be a tendency to go overboard at times, but if they know how to control themselves, they should have great careers. The BCCI, too, should look to have a bowling plan for these guys so that they are not overworked.It's obvious that they will play a tournament like IPL, but the board should ensure that they don't bowl those unnecessary overs that leaves them too fatigued..You had a problem with no-balls in the initial stage of your career. You have overcome that now. What's your suggestion for youngsters who tend to overstep?Yes, I had a huge problem with no-balls when I started off. I remember bowling 15 no-balls in the first five overs I bowled in one of my initial games. It needs a lot of discipline and you have to work very hard so that it doesn't happen at the nets. I always looked to drag my front foot behind the line when I bowled in practice. At times, the rhythm went haywire, but there was no running away from it.Who, according to you, has been the most difficult to bowl at in this IPL?I think it's Gautam Gambhir. He has always been a quality player and went into this tournament with an excellent plan. He has mixed caution with aggression quite beautifully and that has worked well for him.You and Albie have been brothers and competitors at the same time. It has happened before that he has replaced you in the team. How do you guys handle it?We support each other massively. It's the nature of our sport that sometimes one comes in place of the other, but there's absolutely no hard feelings among us. He gives me a lot of ideas and those are generally great ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521299", "title": "Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai", "text": "CreditsCast: Aditya Samanta, Nazia Hussain, Mohnish Behl, Rati Agnihotri, Farida Jalal, Mukesh Tiwari, Anooradha Patel, Preet Kaur Madan. Direction-Editor: Shree Narayan Singh Producer: Ashim Samanta Music: Anu Malik Lyrics: Anand Bakshi, Faiz Anwar; Kausar Munir, Anu Malik Screenplay, Dailogue: Dilip Shukla Cinematographer: Fuwad Khan Choreography: Raju Khan Background Music: Sanjay Chowdhary Action: Umesh Khanna Sound: Adil Ali Release Date: July 13, 2012SynopsisYeh Jo Mohabbat Hai is a dramatic love story of two young people who are caught between love for each other and the generations old enmity between their respective Rajput families.The film begins with the birth of Karishma (Nazia Hussain) and Karan ( Aditya Samanta) on the same day in the same hospital. 23 years later, unknown of their family backgrounds, they meet each other one summer at Krakow University Poland and fall in love.When Karan finds out her family background, he starts avoiding Karishma. What happens thereafter is a succession of interesting events that you would get to see in this musical extravaganza from the house of Shakti Samanta which made some memorable romantic films like Aradhana, Kati Patang, Amar Prem, Kashmir Ki Kali and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13510888", "title": "With General VK Singh's exit, it'll be end of 71 era", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the Indian Army, May 31 will be more than a day when its chief will retire. It will mark a generational shift in the 1.3-million-strong force. This is because when Gen V K Singh and another officer Lt Gen S R Ghosh, commander of Western Command, hang up their boots that day, they will be the last of the soldiers who fought the 1971 war, India's last full-fledged military engagement. There will be no serving personnel in the Indian Army now, who has fought in 1971.At present, the Indian Army has only two officers - Gen Singh and Lt Gen Ghosh -- who were commissioned prior to the 1971 war and participated in the war. Their retirement would bring an end to the generation of officers, who had witnessed and participated in the war. When the designated Army chief, Lt Gen Bikram Singh, takes over, he would be the first Army chief to have been commissioned after the country's last full-fledged war.Gen Bikram Singh was commissioned into the Sikh Light Infantry Regiment on March 31, 1972 -- three-and-a-half-months after the Indo-Pak war. Lt Gen Ghosh was commissioned in November 1971 with the Guards regiment and he hit the ground running in the Jammu and Kashmir front.Other 1971 veterans who retired recently include Lt Gen V K Ahluwalia and Lt Gen A S Lamba (both from Artillery). Ahluwalia retired as commander, central command, in February, while Lamba retired as vice-chief of Army staff in October 2011.\"No doubt, it's a change. But, in today's scenario, when countries possess nuclear weapons, there's no chance of a high-intensity war that was witnessed in 1971. The change won't impact the operational preparedness of the Army due to introduction of latest technology that has changed the way wars are fought as compared to 1971,\" said former Army chief Gen V P Malik, who led the Army during the Kargil conflict.\"It is a change, though I may not call it a generational change. There are very few chances of the country witnessing a conventional war anymore,\" said war veteran Lt Gen Vijay Oberoi, former vice-chief of Army, who lost a leg during the 1965 Indo-Pak war.Gen VK Singh to build a house in DharamshalaAfter a two-year stint as Army chief, Gen V K Singh will spend his retired life in the tranquil surroundings of Dhauladhar ranges. He will start building his dream house in Tapovan village near Dharamshala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500327", "title": "74% HSC students pass in Nashik division, less than last year", "text": "NASHIK: The results of the HSC examination that were declared online on Friday saw 74% students from Nashik division clearing it but it was near 3% down from those who passed last year. Nandurbar scored the maximum with 89.59% of the students from the district passing the exam, followed by Dhule 83.39% and Nashik 76.83%. Jalgaon had the least with only 60.54% of students clearing it.Nashik division consisting of Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar districts saw 73.99% of students clearing the examination compared with 76.90% last year.\"Maximum number of copying cases was found in Jalgaon,\" divisional secretary of Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Committee Bhagwan Suryawanshi said, adding that was the reason for the district's poor performance.Officials found 558 cases of copying and after inquiry, took action against 544 students. Jalgaon had 322 cases, Dhule 135, Nashik 79 and Nandurbar 8.The marksheets will be available in colleges on June 2 from 3pm onwards. Applications for revaluation of marks will be accepted from June 2-12 and students must attach an attested copy of the marksheet. Applications for re-exam will be accepted from June 12-16. For details, students can visit http://maharesult.nic.in, www.mh.hsc.ac.in, www.msbshse.ac.in or www.hscresult.MKCL.orgAs for repeaters, 32.24% passed in the division, marginally higher than Nashik district's 32.14%. Jalgaon had the least at 23.09%, while Nandurbar had the highest at 52.86% and Dhule recorded 45.65%.Girls outscore boys in stateGirls have outshone boys in this year's state higher secondary exams. School education minister Rajendra Darda said 79.60% girls and 70.32% boys passed the examination. A total of 11.43 lakh students appeared for the exams, out of which 8.5 lakh passed, he said. The percentage of passing this year was 74.46 as compared to last year's 70.69%. The number of students who passed in first class was 2.32 lakh, he said. In Mumbai, 957 students got more than 90% marks, while 11,889 got more than 80%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13499249", "title": "'Narak Majha Bhala' kicks off Friday Festival", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, the South Central Zone Culture Centre could kick-start it's much touted Friday Festival with the staging of the play 'Narak Majha Bhala'.The relatively new play, which was first staged six months back, has had 13 shows so far. The open air theatre was packed to capacity as audiences were willing to brave the sweltering heat to enjoy it.Written and directed by Ajay Ghare, a lawyer, the play deals with the malice afflicting the society in a light hearted manner. The scenario of life after death is used to depict these evils.Generously adorned with musical interludes, 'Narak Majha Bhala' deals with almost every aspect of life on earth and ills that plague it. The fact that every soul wants to go to hell and not heaven gets Lord Yama thinking. He and Chitragupta then decide to visit earth to know why it is so. It is there that they learn about the miseries that mankind is suffering and the fact that earth itself is a living hell.Strong dialogues focus on corruption, misdeeds and decadence that we encounter everyday. But the satirical manner in which they are written and delivered makes the point without making them too sermonizing. The play stands and gets its entertainment value from the two main actors Sanjay Walvikar as Chitragupta and Satish Thengadi as Yama. Both match their comic timing and share a good rapport which takes the play to a very enjoyable level.Ghare, who too plays a small cameo in the play, said that he was happy to be a part of an activity which has been initiated to promote theatre. \"This is a good platform for younger generation of semi professional and amateur artists of the city and they should make the most of it,\" he said.The Friday Festival, which is a monthly event as of now, will be converted into a weekly activity in the coming months and would not be confined to just theatre, informed Ravindra Durugkar, assistant director of the centre. \"As of now we have five to seven entries from various groups. We are also looking at dance and music recital and other forms of performing arts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500849", "title": "Middle-class hero\u2019 Dilip dead at 52", "text": "CHENNAI: Dilip, the 'middle-class' hero of the 80s, died in Mysore on Friday morning. He has been ailing for some time.Dilip, 52, was noted for his performance in several films, especially the K Balachander movie 'Varumayin Niram Sivappu' (1980). \"In that, he held his own against Kamal Haasan and S Ve Sekhar,\" says actor Kavithalaya Krishnan.The actor, who hails from Karnataka, started his movie career in the 1970s. \"The industry was ruled by Kamal and Rajinikanth then. There was no space for newcomers and though he was competent actor he didn't make it big,\" says Krishnan.He carved a niche by playing the 'middle-class' hero in many family dramas by director Visu. \"He faded away from the scene due to poor health,\" says Krishnan. The funeral was held in Mysore on Friday evening. Dilip is survived by his wife Hema, daughter Bhavya Shree and son Maurya Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504752", "title": "Temperature crosses 45 degrees mark", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Sangam City continued to reel under intense heat wave conditions as the mercury soared to around 45 degrees Celsius, forcing the locals to stay indoors to avoid scorching heat.The city remained at the top of the chart on Wednesday with maximum temperature recording 45.3 degrees Celsius. The weather experts predicted that heat wave conditions would continue to prevail for the next few days.The denizens had a harrowing time as heat wave conditions engulfed the city. \"The intense sunshine right through the day till evening hours makes it difficult to move out. Thank God, the schools are closed for summer vacations, otherwise the heat would have had a telling effect on the kids,\" said Shreya, a housewife.Holding similar views, a working woman, Dr Shachi Dixit, said, \"For us, it is a very difficult phase because we have to go out of the house when it is peak time and conveyance facilities are also limited.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13499887", "title": "High court quashes Luke FIR", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"They are foreigners, let them leave India with happy feeling,\" the Delhi high court said on Friday as it quashed the FIR in the IPL molestation row in the face of strong objections from police.Accepting the joint submissions of Zohal Hamid, Saahil Peerzada and cricketer Luke Pomersbach , Justice M L Mehta ended criminal proceedings against Pomersbach that began when Zohal lodged an FIR alleging he had molested her and hit her fiance in an IPL post-match party in Delhi.The relief came in the teeth of protests by Delhi Police that favoured Pomersbach facing trial. The police standing counsel, Pawan Sharma, and additional public prosecutor Fizani Husain said the criminal justice system had been misused and the accused should be subjected to trial. But HC said, \"They have resolved the issue and would like to leave for their countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13516854", "title": "Baby K's name should start with 'B'?", "text": "Astro-numerologist suggests that Shilpa Shetty and Raj Kundra's newborn baby's name should ideally start with the alphabet 'B', 'U', 'V' or 'W'.Its celebration time in the Shetty and Kundra household with the arrival of a new member in their family. As we all know by now, Shilpa Shetty has delivered a baby boy on May 21, 2012 at the crust of dawn.Like any other well-wisher, well known astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sanghvi is as much elated and conveys his best regards to the proud parents and grandparents.Talking about the new born baby's future astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sanghvi says \"The boy was born on 21st May 2012 which makes him a Number 3 (Jupiter) person in numerology. Being a Taurean, he is also ruled by Number 6 (Venus) while his destiny number adds up to Number 4 (Rahu). He also has a slight cusp of the sun sign Gemini which means he is also ruled by Number 5 (Mercury)\".\"His moon sign is also Taurus (vrishabh rashi) and so his name should ideally start with the alphabet 'B', 'U', 'V' or 'W' while his ascendant is also the same\". Talking about his chart he says, \"He will prove to be a very lucky child since he has a 'Gajkesari Yog' in his kundli (horoscope). But he also has certain doshas like Grahan Yog, Chandal Yog and Viprit Yog for which special pujas for each one needs to be done. I would advise the parents to make him wear a Hessonite (gomed) stone after five years of age. As far as his career is concerned, he should be good at creative, media or artistic fields just like his mother\".\"He would be extremely lucky in terms of property investment and can even grow up to become a builder and get in to construction business\" adds Bhavikk.\"As far as the compatibility with his parents is concerned, he will gel well with both Shilpa (8th June 1975) and Raj (9th September 1975) as their date of birth are in sync with his combination of numbers, but both Raj and Shilpa are advised to make him teach the value of money as he will end up becoming a spend thrift\", warns Bhavikk.We wish good health to the mother, the newborn and loads of happiness to the Shetty and Kundra family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13506022", "title": "Channel pipeline through river beds, farmers ask collector", "text": "COIMBATORE: Members of the Farmers' Livelihood Protection Committee met the district collector in Coimbatore on Friday and sought the channelling of GAIL natural gas pipeline through highways and river banks. Farmers said the collector had instructed GAIL officials to look into the possibility of channelling the pipeline without disturbing farm lands.Meanwhile, a top ranking official of the Tirupur administration said farmers have to make way for the pipeline. He said according to the law, Gail had every right to channel the pipeline through farmland and make farmers the guardians to the pipeline.The official added that he asked the members of the Farmers' Livelihood Protection Committee to give the objections in writing.It was reported in a section of the media earlier that the RDO of Tirupur district T Sengottaiyan had suspended the move of Gail officials to lay the pipeline. Saying that these reports were untrue, the official said Gail is now ready to lay the pipeline in both Erode and Tirupur districts. \"Gail has applied for police protection,\" he said.According to Petroleum and Minerals Pipeline Act, 1962, the pipeline can be laid on farmland if compensation is paid to the farmer. While farmers have the right to question the compensation and seek a higher amount in court, they have no right to stop the pipeline.Farmers in three states have been up in arms against the pipeline saying that it was too dangerous to be channeled near human habitations. \"We have evidence that natural gas pipelines like this cause accidents even in the US. The pipeline is a threat to farmers and their livelihood,\" said GK Nagaraj of the Kongu Nadu Munnetra Peravai and member of the executive committee of the Farmers' Livelihood Protection Committee.Farmers have now decided to approach the chief minister J Jayalalithaa .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13498787", "title": "Maharashtra lab to predict rainfall accurately", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra is set to take the lead in disaster management once two of its most ambitious projects the state-of-the-art Seismic Research and Monitoring Centre and Cloud Physics Lab come up, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Friday.Twenty-four hours after he, along with Union minister for science &amp; technology Vilasrao Deshmukh , laid the foundation stone of the centre at Hajarmachi and the lab at Mahabaleshwar, Chavan said that the projects were likely to propel the state into a league of its own as far as crisis management was concerned.\"Only Germany has a similar centre but it is not being use to its full potential,\" he said, adding that the lab will allow the Met department to predict rainfall accurately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500739", "title": "Diesel shortage in Chennai to continue", "text": "CHENNAI: 'No stock' boards continued to greet diesel consumers in Chennai with most of the nearly 300 pumps in the city going dry on Friday. Those that had diesel rationed supplies. Industry sources say the situation may continue to be grim for at least a couple of days.A combination of factors including increased consumption of diesel to power generators and unplanned shutdown of two refineries - Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL) and Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL) - has resulted in short supply of diesel to Chennai and adjoining areas. Officials of oil companies said the situation will improve after a couple of days.\"The situation is under control. We are expecting a tanker vessel of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) in a couple of days. That can cool supply constraints a bit,\" said IndianOil executive director V K Jayachandran. \"We are now getting 80% of the required supply. But it has become difficult to forecast availability as the demand surge is unprecedented.\"Chennai consumes around two lakh kilolitres of diesel per month and 7,000 kilolitres a day. This summer, the demand for diesel to run generators has peaked in Tamil Nadu. Diesel consumption grew by more than 25% this March, against the same month last year. The national consumption growth is just 8%.Motorists who clock long distances every day are worried. \"Today is the second day without diesel. Even with a full tank, I can't go beyond three days,\" said Manoj Radhakrishnan, a business development consultant who drives from his Perungudi to Sriperumbudur every day.Taxis at the Central railway station demanded double the fare from people, citing diesel shortage. Airconditioning systems in many offices did not function during power cuts due to shortage of diesel to run generators. \"The situation is very bleak. The day-to-day functioning of the IT industry has been hard hit and we don't know what will happen tomorrow. It's time somebody takes the responsibility and tells the people what the actual situation is,\" said Nasscom regional director K Purushothaman.Officials said CPCL refinery, which feeds IndianOil, went on an unplanned shutdown in the third week of April and MRPL refinery in Mangalore had to shut down operations due to water shortage for more than 20 days, resulting in the current shortage of diesel.BPCL and Hindustan Petroleum bunks were the worst affected and most of them displayed \"no stock\" boards. With restricted supplies, queues of vehicles at IndianOil pumps extended to the roads. Bus operators said smuggling of diesel from Andhra Pradesh had begun on Thursday night.Call taxis and other private operators too suffered huge losses and had to cancel schedules due to non-availability of diesel. \"There are many who have hoarded diesel and it is being sold in the black market in areas like Red Hills and Pulianthope and Vysarpadi,\" said a petrol outlet operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501653", "title": "Patna University entrance test between July 2-7", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) on Friday finalized the details of entrance test to be conducted by its different colleges for admission to the three-year degree courses in arts, science and commerce streams.PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad said the entrance test would be held on different dates in different colleges so that the admission aspirants may take the test in more than one college. But, the entrance test for all the courses in one college would be held on the same date. The entrance test would be held between July 2 and 7 for admission to Patna College, Patna Science College, Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, B N College, Magadh Mahila College and Patna Women's College.The entrance test would be of objective type containing 100 questions of one mark each. While there would be 40 questions on general knowledge and aptitude, 60 marks would be earmarked for subject-specific questions. For admission to the science course, the students would be asked questions on physics, chemistry and mathematics or biology. For admission to the arts stream, students will be asked questions on humanities and social sciences. Similarly, students seeking admission to the BCom honours course would be asked questions in commerce. General knowledge and aptitude test of 40 marks would be common to all. The test would be held on OMR sheets.Arshad further pointed out that each college would conduct its own test and the principal will be the centre superintendent. If the students could not be accommodated in one college, other colleges may be made the centres of examination under the supervision of a university official acting as coordinator.All the colleges will start admitting students from July 15 and complete it by July 31. Classes of the new batches of students admitted to the Degree Part I Honours courses would commence from August 1. However, the classes of BA, BSc and BCom Honours Part II and Part III and MA, MSc and MCom Part II would start from July 2. The classes of new batches of students admitted to MA, MSc and MCom Part I classes would begin from July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13502916", "title": "New range forest officers for Mhadei, Netravali", "text": "KERI: The Mhadei and Netravali wildlife sanctuaries, which were declared wildlife sanctuaries in 1999, will have range forest officers (RFOs) from the field of wildlife and ecology.Paresh Porob has been appointed as the range forest officer for the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary in Sattari and Prakash Salelkar as the RFO for the Netravali wildlife sanctuary in Sanguem.Netravali is the biggest wildlife sanctuary having an area of 211sq km and Mhadei is the second biggest sanctuary with an area of 208 sq km. Both these sanctuaries, for long period, were under territorial division of the forest department.Vishwas Chodankar was appointed in 2011 as the RFO for Mhadei whereas Mathew Manjunath was the RFO for the Netravali. Both these officials were from territorial divisions.Additional principal chief conservator of forests Richard D'Souza said, \"Both these sanctuaries were notified in June 1999 and have the richest forested areas that are the repositories of biodiversity. Required manpower and infrastructure will be provided to both these sanctuaries.\"Paresh Porob who has been assigned the responsibility of the Mhadei sanctuary is not new to this area. As a volunteer of Worldwide Fund for Nature, India, he had worked extensively in this area for a decade and compiled information on the flora, fauna and sacred groves like Coparde. He also has practical knowledge of wildlife behaviour, movement and habitat.Ramesh Zarmekar, a wildlifer from Sattari said, \"We welcome the appointment of both the RFOs and are hopeful that various measures would be taken to improve the deteriorating status of the wildlife habitat in these areas.Prakash Salelkar worked for a period of five years in the Bhagwan Mahavir wildlife sanctuary and Mollem national park and he too is familiar with the Netravali wildlife sanctuary. Both these sanctuaries are not only treasure troves of biological wealth but major rivers and their main feeders have their catchment areas here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13498360", "title": "Sheila Dikshit pats Metro for ITO traffic plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has appreciated Delhi Metro's traffic management at ITO for construction of Phase III and suggested that other departments learn from its meticulous planning.\"The traffic bottlenecks aren't there. Other departments should learn from the meticulous planning at the ITO diversion. The diversions have rather helped ease the traffic,\" said Dikshit on Friday while inspecting the construction work at Mandi House. \"Rather than causing a bottleneck at the very busy crossing, the good coordination between traffic cops and DMRC has helped ease the traffic.\"Since April 21, the carriageway from the ITO intersection towards Delhi Gate on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg has been closed to traffic due to the Metro construction. It will remain closed for the next two years.The chief minister also applauded Metro for the Phase III work. \"I am not a technician but I have come to inspect the work and I think the work is good. The line from Janpath to Kashmere Gate should be ready by 2014. As the line will connect ITO, Delhi Gate and other areas, the traffic will also relax,\" Dikshit said.She added that Rs 37,736 crore would be spent to complete the corridors under Phase III. Once fully operational, the average daily Metro ridership will be around 20 lakh against the current 18 lakh.Phase III will also see construction of corridors like Jahangirpuri-Badli, Janakpuri West-Kalindi Kunj, Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar, and Faridabad extension14km. Construction along Outer Ring Road will start in the next couple of months.At ITO, the traffic coming from Connaught Place or Indraprastha Marg has been redirected towards Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg, Vishnu Digamber Marg and then to Kotla Marg before merging with Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg. The traffic from Delhi Gate towards ITO has been redirected to a widened left carriageway instead of being diverted to the service lane as was proposed earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500552", "title": "Traffic cops crack down on politicians", "text": "NASHIK: The traffic department had a tough time on Friday managing the flow of vehicles in front of the District Collectorate on the day of MLC election and took action against vehicles parked in no-parking areas.With the polls for the member of the state legislative council from the Nashik local self-governing bodies' constituency taking place at the district collectorate from 8am to 4pm, elected representatives- corporators and Zilla Parishad members- turned up to cast their votes. However, this resulted in a chaos on the road opposite the collector's office, with almost every elected representative arriving in a car, an SUV or an MUV.The problem began when they started parking their vehicles haphazardly, creating traffic chaos. The traffic police swung into action and started towing away the vehicles parked in the no parking zone. Cops said that since they had only one crane to tow away the cars, only four cars were towed.\"All concerned paid the fine and charges of the crane and took back their vehicles,\" informed traffic officials at the Mela Stand, where the towed vehicles were brought by cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502367", "title": "Dubai firm KEF to invest Rs 1,100 crore in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Dubai-based KEF Holdings, a manufacturer of steel castings and valves, announced on Friday that it would invest Rs 1,100 crore in various projects in Kerala. This followed discussions KEF Holdings chairman E Faisal had with chief minister Oommen Chandy and industries &amp; IT minister P K Kunhalikutty on Thursday.The investments to be made in projects in Kozhikode district will involve setting up of a new multispeciality hospital, a five-star hotel, and an assembly facility with state-of-the-art building technology. KEF Group officials had recently held a preliminary round of talks with Kunhalikutty, additional secretary (industries) V Somasundaram, state planning board member G Vijayaraghavan and KSIDC executive director T P Thomas Kutty, among others, on the investment plans in Kozhikode district.Established in 1997, KEF reportedly serves over 70 clients including players in the oil and gas industries such as Takreer, ENOC, Qatar Petroleum, KOC, Qatar Gas and Tyco. With his personal wealth reported to be exceeding $300 million, Faisal who is founder chairman of the company, was ranked 18th in the list of richest Indians based in the Gulf region by online news channel Arabianbusiness.com last year.Faisal has set up an advanced industrial valve facility at Sharjah's Hamriyah Free Zone in 2008, which is the first integrated manufacturer of industrial valves in the Middle East. The 50,000-square metre facility produces industrial valves catering to the oil, gas, petrochemical and energy sectors in the Middle East.Faisal had divested 45% stake in KEF Holdings to Dubai International Capital (DIC) in September 2008, raising $126 million to fund the expansion of the industrial valves facility. Last year, DIC sold the KEF stake for $178 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521171", "title": "Shahrukh Khan's undeterred spirit", "text": "So what if the world called him drunk and ill-behaved. Looks like nothing's gonna deter this man's spirit. Yes , we are talking about the bollywood badshah, Shah Rukh Khan who has become the talk of the town since the IPL brawl in Wankhede stadium. Shah Rukh Khan is a man who wears his heart on his sleeve.Even though tongues can't stop wagging about his changing image, the undying spirit of the actor continues to be on a high. After he narrated his side of the story to the media, the actor had put the episode behind and was his usual self again! He went to shoot a an ad soon after. Shows that the actor has moved on. And a few days ago he posted a picture of him on twitter. Even though he was unshaven at Karan Johar's 40th birthday party yesterday, he looks better here. This picture was clicked by none other Suhana, the actor's daughter.He tweeted, \"my lil girl took this pic of mine. i think its the coolest i have ever looked. thanx suhana...my official fotographer.\" The doting dad never lets go of an opportunity to praise his kids. Whatever his temperament is, when it comes to fulfilling his responsibilities as a father, his image has never taken a beating. Now, with his team Kolkata Knight Riders entering the finals, he has no reason to crib. SRK's KKR will take on Chennai Super Kings in the finals and King Khan has promised to take his shirt off and dance should his team win the cup. His fans can't wait to see him perform the act!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13499998", "title": "Joshna Chinappa enters Chennai Open final", "text": "CHENNAI: Joshna Chinappa beat Salma Hany Ibrahim Ahmed of Egypt to enter the final of the Chennai Open squash tournament at the Indian Squash Academy on Friday.It was a mixed day for the hosts at the WISPA (women's world tour) event though. Junior Asian champ Anaka Alankamony, who had upset the top seed in the quarterfinals, crashed out of the tournament, losing to Sarah Jane Perry of England 11-8, 5-11, 11-6, 12-14, 6-11 in 69 minutes.But Joshna, who is coming back from an injury layoff, was on song in her straight games (13-11, 11-4, 11-8) victory over her Egyptian opponent. Her variety of shots and a near perfect game plan helped her win the match, though the Egyptian fought toe-to-toe with the Indian in the first game. But then it was Joshna all the way in the next two.She planned her way methodically and her efforts in keeping the rival under constant pressure paid off. In the course of the tournament, Joshna, who underwent a knee injury about seven months ago, proved her fitness in great measure and looks to be ready to make waves again in the world circuit where she has come down in the rankings.The former India No. 1 Perry in the final on Saturday, chasing her first ever Chennai Open title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13507258", "title": "'We really enjoyed'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fifty five children of Nirdosh school for the mentally challenged were treated to an eye checkup and a grand lunch on Friday.''After the checkup, the hospital authorities gave 30 pairs of free spectacles to the children,'' said Inner Wheel Club president Navneet Kaur. Sushma, a member of the club, lauded the generosity of the people of Ludhiana. ''The fact that our school has been running on donations since 1978 is ample proof of that. The happiness on the faces of children when they come out for such activities shows that they appreciate the care and the love showered on them,'' she said.Monu, one of the children in the group beamed in delight. ''We really enjoyed ourselves. The food was very nice, we came here in a bus and we played all the way. I will tell my parents about our wonderful outing.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13498761", "title": "BPO staffer hurt as slab caves in at Mulund", "text": "MUMBAI: With the monsoons less than two weeks away, the civic body has already been plagued by a wall collapse and a road cave-in. On Friday, a 25-year-old person was severely injured after a concrete slab in Mulund caved in. The slab was being used to cover a three-foot ditch created due to road work.Vikram Purohit (25) was returning from Pune after attending a wedding when the incident took place. He said the slab near his house caved in when he stepped on it. Purohit fractured his right ankle and has been admitted to a private hospital. Eye-w itnesses said the civic body had put a temporary slab to cover the ditch, while a resident said the area was not barricaded.The civic body has undertaken road repairs at J V Scheme Road 2, Mulund, where the incident took place. \"There were no warning signs and it looked like a normal concrete road. I was lucky to have missed the iron rods of the concrete road or I would not be alive,\" said Purohit. He claimed to have paid medical bills of Rs 72,000. Purohit's doctors said the BPO employee will be bed-ridden for three months and will have to use a walker for six months.\"I will have to undergo another surgery to have metallic plates removed from my leg,\" said Purohit.Sangeeta Hasnale, assistant municipal commissioner of T-ward, said she did not have information about the incident but would \"look into it as soon as possible\".Times ViewThe Mulund cave-in once again highlights the apathy of the civic body towards citizens. This is not the first time such an incident has occurred; bringing to the fore inadequate safety measures. It's the civic body's duty to provide basic amenities when it collects taxes from citizens. Taking adequate measures while carrying out civic work is the minimum that can be expected. The civic body does not seem to have learned any lessons from previous incidents leading to the loss of lives. It should take stringent action against the contractor, instilling fear among offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13521891", "title": "Daniel Craig wins best dressed screen star title", "text": "Daniel Craig has seen off competition from actors like Will Smith and Johnny Depp to be named the best dressed screen star.The 44-year-old actor's sharp suits in the 'James Bond' movies helped him top the poll for Lovefilm, and Smith's 'Men in Black' agent alter-ego landed him second place, the Daily Express reported.Late star Heath Ledger came third for his eccentric Joker character in 'The Dark Knight', while Depp was placed fourth for his turn in 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'.Jim Carrey's outlandish outfits in 'Dumb and Dumber' rounded off the top five.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13524498", "title": "Richa Gangopadhyay Opposite Ravi Teja?", "text": "If all goes well, then Bengali beauty Richa Gangopadhyay might be paired up with Ravi Teja for his upcoming film \"Sar Voccharu\". The makers have been trying hard to find a female lead opposite 'mass maharaja' for quite sometime but things are not favoring the production house. Earlier dusky beauty Amala Paul and beautiful actress Trisha have turned down the offer of playing the leading lady in this film, citing dates problem.Recently, the makers approached Richa Gangopadhyay for the female lead and the actress has responded positively it seems. However, an official confirmation is awaited. Richa earlier shared screen space with Ravi Teja for the successful film \"Mirapakaya\". So let's hope the makers confirm Richa's name and quickly start the shooting. \"Sar Voccharu\" is directed by Parasuram (Bujji) and produced by Aswini Dutt under Vyjayanthi Movies banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13501905", "title": "No weddings in garbage village", "text": "BANGALORE: Young men from Mavallipura, off Yelahanka, are facing the prospect of permanent bachelorhood - not because they are not suitable boys, but because brides are turning up their noses at their village. For Mavallipura stinks. It is Bangalore's landfill, a huge garbage mountain.Since 2007, at least 10 million tonnes of municipal solid waste has been dumped here, spreading a stench in 12 villages in the surrounding area.\"Parents of girls who visit the village filled with garbage heaps, low yield giving farms and lack of hygiene, refuse to give their daughters in marriage to boys of Mavallipura,\" says B Srinivas, a gram panchayat member of the village.\"The village does not have clean water supply, so we pay Rs 500 for water from tankers. We are not able to grow crops as we used to earlier. There is also a permanent stench and dog menace. Dogs destroy our crops and our cattle are afraid of them. This village has lost its charm,\" said Muniraju R, a villager of Mavallipura.The other affected villages are: Kurubarahalli, Lingarajapura, Subedar Palya, Shivakote, Ramagondanahalli, Mylarahalli, Belekere and Muttyadahalli, which are within a 10km radius of Ramky plant at Mavallipura.BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said he had received a proposal to set up a plant in the area, to generate power from the waste. \"I have heard the villagers' woes. But there is a dearth of land in disposing of the city's waste,\" he said.On Friday, an inspection team comprising the BBMP commissioner, corporators and officials wore masks during their hour-long inspection of the site.Ramky blames BBMPRamky Infrastructure Ltd, the contractors managing the landfill, blamed BBMP for the problem. \"The plant is overburdened. The capacity of our plant is to process only 350 metric tonne of garbage. But now, we get 700-800 tonne of garbage and it is impossible to process it. We had asked for 100 acres of land, but have been given only 43 acres,\" D K Narayan, incharge of the plant, told TOI.Health hazardThe effects of the garbage are many - health and ecology are the first casualties.Leachate, one of the end products of the garbage processing unit, contains arsenic and cadmium, toxic components kept open which lead to ecological imbalance in the village. There was a dengue death here in 2010 due to unhygienic conditions and the mosquito menace.The garbage sent from the city has affected vegetable crops, grape and banana farms in the village. \"We grow all kinds of vegetables, grapes and bananas. But in the past three years, the yield has reduced drastically and the crops die because of the filth. Our social life is affected. We can't even have our meals peacefully, because of the unbearable stench that spreads because of the garbage accumulated in Mavallipura plant,\" said Srinivas B.BlamegameBBMP doctors who visited the leachate storage unit and processing unit at the Mavallipura dump yard, blamed the contractor for not taking preventive measures to avoid ecological damage in and around the area. Dr K N Geetha Shashikumar and Dr Shivaprasada MS, corporators and professional doctors, said leachate is dangerous as it contains cadmium and arsenic.Health camps stoppedLast year, then BBMP commissioner Siddaiah had initiated a health camp in the area for the villagers, but these are now discontinued, said Muniraju S, a villager.According to the Solid Waste Management Rules 2000, there should be no habitation within a 10km radius of such landfills and dumps. But the plant is situated right in the middle of the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata/lucknow/chennai", "code": "13501217", "title": "UP bandh on May 31; TMC, DMK to hit the streets", "text": "KOLKATA/LUCKNOW/CHENNAI: Key UPA allies Trinamool Congress and DMK on Friday announced protests across their states against the petrol price hike by the Union government, with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee saying she will hit the streets on Saturday demanding a rollback. While she will march 4km in south Kolkata, DMK, too, announced demonstrations across Tamil Nadu on May 30 condemning the steep increase in petrol prices.The Samajwadi Party , which was just the other day prospecting to partner the UPA, announced a statewide bandh on May 31, with CM Akhilesh Yadav saying it was the \"faulty economic policies of the UPA which had resulted in the steepest rise ever in the petrol price.\" Yadav said the hike would hit the poor and it was his party's duty to protest against Centre's move.\"As it is the prices are sky high. The increase in petrol prices will only worsen the situation ,\" Akhilesh said. SP national president Mulayam Singh Yadav , too, demanded a rollback. Interestingly, the BSP is yet to take a call on the issue. In Bengal, the Left parties have planned a four-day statewide agitation from May 26 to May 30, culminating in a \"protest day\" on May 31, when BJP, too, has called a bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13507451", "title": "Garbage dump turns nuisance for residents", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents of BRS Nagar-I Block and Defence Colony have been struggling to breathe easy as a garbage dump in their area has been filling the air with foul smell. Residents complain that they have approached municipal authorities with their problem on several occasions but to no avail.Businessman Harsimran Singh, who stays in the area, said, ''The garbage dump near Orient theatre is a big problem for us as it smells horrible. We have requested MC to shift the dump to some other area but our requests have fallen on deaf ears. If the dump is not cleared soon, we will struggle much during monsoon as it will turn into breeding ground for mosquitoes and spread vector-borne diseases like malaria.''Another resident of Defence Colony, requesting not to be named, said, ''Our colony is behind the dump, which has become a nuisance to us. While passing the area we have to gag ourselves because the stink is intolerable. It is a health hazard and all the residents want the dump to be moved from here.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502399", "title": "Investment for Idukki airport pegged at Rs 200 cr", "text": "KOCHI: The proposed greenfield airport at Anakkara in Idukki district will require estimated investments of Rs 200 crore, including provisioning for future expansion, said sources associated with the development.\"The airport will have a single 5,000-ft runway catering to smaller transport and cargo aircraft like ATRs and the Phenom from Brazilian aircraft company Embraer. These aircraft are ideal for remote locations and require limited runway length. Hence, they are ideal for operating services to the proposed Idukki airport,\" sources said.The state government had identified 450 hectares (roughly 1,100 acres) of land for the airport and a feasibility study by the Airport Authority of India (AAI) in 2009 found the area ideal for the airport. However, it is understood that local opposition to large-scale land acquisition of what is claimed to be agricultural land, has forced the state government to reduce the scope of the project to 200 acres. Countering this, an official associated with the project claimed that the new land acquisition target focuses only on uncultivated land parcels and large-scale rehabilitation of farmers and their families would not be necessary.A substantial portion of the required land for the project is expected to be acquired through levelling of two hills, Poovinchimala and Sankurundampara, in the Anakkara region.The airport is expected to further boost tourism in Idukki district and serve as a convenient embarkation point to larger airports for people living in the neighbouring districts of Kottayam, Ernakulam and Alappuzha. The Idukki district administration had submitted a feasibility report for the project to Airport Authority of India (AAI) last year. However, a report on the cost aspects of the airport project is yet to be submitted by the state government.Anakkara is located 14 km from Kumily, 15 km from Thekkady and 85 km from Munnar on the main route connecting the three tourism destinations.While the civil aviation ministry and the AAI have approved the proposal, it is pending clearance from the union defence ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13520102", "title": "Groupon testing PayPal's rival", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Groupon, the largest daily coupon website, is testing a credit card-reader for merchants that could vie with similar devices offered by Square and EBay's PayPal, a person with knowledge of the matter said.The reader, manufactured by Infinite Peripherals, is designed for the businesses that rely on Groupon to market their wares, said the person, who requested anonymity because the test hasn't been made public. The device plugs into the headphone jack of a smartphone, and it's being tested by dozens of merchants in the San Francisco Bay Area, this person said.Groupon collects a fee of less than 3 percent on each transaction through the readers, the person said. The device is part of the company's efforts to increase revenue from the local shops and restaurants that use its online coupons. The company last year introduced Groupon Now, a service that lets users download coupons instantly to mobile phones.\"Groupon has a number of trials in markets that are designed to help merchants and small businesses,\" said Paul Taaffe, a spokesman for Chicago-based Groupon. He declined to comment specifically on a credit-card reader trial.By entering the mobile-payment processing market, Groupon pits itself against Square, Intuit, VeriFone Systems and PayPal, which introduced a credit-card reader in March. Groupon climbed 1.4 per cent to $12.05 at the close in New York . It dropped 42 per cent this year before today.Grappling with Square Groupon hasn't made a final decision on the fee it will charge merchants, the person said. Readers offered by Square charge 2.75 per cent per transaction, while PayPal recently introduced a tool that carries a 2.7 per cent fee.The readers tested by Groupon work with Apple iPhones and iPod Touches and connect to software partly designed by FeeFighters, acquired by Groupon this year, the person said.Representatives of Infinite Peripherals, which has offices in Arlington Heights, Illinois, and Irvine, California , didn't immediately respond to messages after regular business hours.Groupon now generates most of its sales by selling discounts known as Groupons from businesses such as restaurants and nail salons. It splits the revenue with the businesses.The technology blog VentureBeat reported yesterday that Groupon was testing a credit-card reader for merchants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13521591", "title": "Pay hike for Pakistan cricketers", "text": "LAHORE: The PCB has enhanced the central contract monthly retainers by 25 percent and the match fees by 10 percent but did not release the names of the players, who are to get the contracts.The Board on Friday hosted a reception to honour the Pakistan team which won the Asia Cup. PCB chief Zaka Ashraf announced a cash prize of 400,000 each for the members of the winning squad and 200,000 each for the management staff.PCB chief also announced that a total of 42 players would be given the new central contracts and retainers but did not release the names of the players.\"The players are our assets and we are very proud of their achievements in the last one year. It is the duty of the Board to look after their welfare and well being and at the same time we expect the players to play with 100 percent commitment and conduct themselves as proper ambassadors of the country,\" Ashraf said at the function, attended by all members of the team, management, former heads of the Board and former Test and international players.Sources in the Board said that while the Chairman had confirmed the pay hikes but the final list of players would be confirmed at a meeting on Saturday which would be attended by Pakistan test and one-day captain, Misbah-ul-Haq.\"Misbah has been invited for the meeting which will be attended by the chief selector Iqbal Qasim, Intikhab Alam and other board members who were on the committee that finalised the new central contracts,\" the source said.He said the purpose of inviting Misbah for discussions was to inform him about the players picked to get the new contracts and retainers and also to brief him in detail about the new clauses in the contracts.In the last central contracts that expired at the end of December, 2011 players in category A were given a monthly retainer of 250,000, those in category B got 175,000 and those in category C 125,000.After the hike, players in the top category will now get 312,000 rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501813", "title": "Light at end of tunnel for East West Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: As the tunnel boring machine (TBM) smashed through the rock and earth to emerge from 18 metres beneath the ground at Phoolbagan on Friday, the Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation (KMRC) achieved its first tunnel breakthrough at the 8.90km underground stretch of the East West Metro (EWM) project.Spectators clapped and cheered as 12 operators, including seven Thai technicians, came out with the TBM after boring the 800-metres tunnel.Many were awestruck as the giant machine roared through the tunnel with the Indian Tricolour, the flags of Kolkata Metropolitan Rail Corporation (KMRC) and ITD Cementation Ltd (ITDCL), a subsidiary of the Italian-Thai Development Public Company Limited.\"Eta Ki, Kothai theke berochhe! (What is this and where is it coming from?\" asked Biswajit Mondal, an auto driver. When it was explained, Mondal and most others drawn to the site by curiosity could not believe that the machine has already drilled the 800-metres tunnel silently. \"Tai? Kicchu to bujhete parlam na (Really? We had no clue about it),\" said Mondal.The arrival of new technology - with the TBM - has made tunnelling an easier and hassle-free process as it causes minimum disturbance to traffic and other structures over the ground. The German-made TBM was lowered at the Subhash Sarovar shaft in February this year. The actual boring work began on February 25. On Friday, the first tunnel breakthrough was achieved exactly after three months.\"We could have achieved the first breakthrough even earlier, if it was not for the stiff clay along the path. We were astonished to find no water even 18 meters below the ground,\" said D C Mitra, chief engineer (civil) of KMRC, which is executing the EWM project. It had awarded the construction of the underground section of the corridor to ITDCL. Four TBMs were purchased for tunnelling the underground section from Subhash Sarovar to Howrah Maidan. With price tag pegged at Rs 120 crore per machine, TBM is termed as a wonder machine in underground projects.The machine typically consists of the rotating cutting wheel, called a cutter head, followed by a main bearing, a thrust system and trailing support mechanisms. The 120 metres long air-conditioned machine has a diameter of 6.5 metres and is equipped with all basic amenities like toilet, bathroom and rest room. This is to facilitate the operators 24X7 in shifts. An electrically operated locomotive train ferries the technicians to the machine from the Subhash Sarovar shaft. In addition to drilling, the TBM also puts the pre-fabricated concrete channels simultaneously.When operational the machine consumes 1200 KW of electricity per hour.Officials said it is capable of digging 35 metres per day. But till the first breakthrough, it was utilized up to about 15 metres a day. Another TBM is now boring the parallel tunnel and the breakthrough is expected in another three weeks. About 150 Thai operators are working with their Indian counterparts. This TBM will now be dismantled and lifted by a 110 tonne crane to the Sealdah crossover from where it will start digging towards Phoolbagan. Dismantling of the machine, loading, transporting and commissioning at the Sealdah site will take another four months. Two TBMs will start boring from the Howrah Maidan end by September. The pit for lowing the machines, are being constructed.\"We expect to make the second breakthrough of the 1.6 metre stretch between Phoolbagan to Sealdah crossover by the middle of February. We had to use the machine cautiously during the first leg. But now the process will be faster as the soil is expected to be much softer. This is a magic machine for underground construction,\" said Mitra.The original deadline for the project was 2014-end. It is already running behind schedule and is still under dispute over land acquisition at places like Duttabad, Swabhumi, Central Avenue and Brabourne Road. KMRC officials said this dispute has to be solved fast so that the project could be completed by Mid 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13501208", "title": "Man, father held for dowry harassment", "text": "NASHIK: A 30-year-old woman, Janavi Prashant Aher, resident of Indrayani Colony, Takli Road, Nashik, accused her husband and in-laws of harassing regarding dowry.The police have arrested her husband, Prashant Aher and father-in-law, Shankar Chandu Aher.In a complaint lodged at the Bhadrakali police station, Aher said that from May 11, 2004 to May 16, 2012, her husband-Prashant Shankar Aher, father-in-law Shankar Chandu Aher and mother-in-law, Sunanda Shankar Aher, residents of Radhashilpa Apartment, Kathegalli, harassed her mentally and physically to bring money from her parents.Aher added that all the articles given by her parents after marriage were soldby her husband and in laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13506154", "title": "Civic polls in city on June 27", "text": "KANPUR: Civic elections will be held in the city during the second phase on June 27. State election commissioner SK Agarwal issued a notification in this regard on Friday.According to notification, the district election officer will notify the elections on May 30 while the municipal corporation will issue notification regarding election of corporators and mayor on May 31.The last date for the nomination would be June 6 and scrutiny of the nomination papers will take place on June 7.The state election commission has fixed June 11 as the date for withdrawal of candidature between 11 am and 3 pm. Voting would be held on June 27. Counting will begin on July 7 at 8 am.Electronic voting machines would be used for the first time in civic elections. The aspirants had already started campaigning. Posters of candidates could be seen on the walls in various localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13507605", "title": "Top woman Maoist leader surrenders", "text": "KEONJHAR: Four Maoist cadres, including two women of the Kalinga Nagar division, surrendered in Keonjhar district on Friday. They are Sambari Munda (18) of Rebana village within Daitari police limits, Rambati Hembram (20) of Asanbahali village within Ghasipura police limits, Aiban Tiu (20) of Panga village under Telkoi police limits and Dharani (22) of Tungurubahali village within Telkoi police limits. Sambari surrendered with a gun and 18 rounds of bullets in the presence of DIG (western range) Y K Jethwa and SP (Keonjhar) Ashish Kumar Singh.Sambari was working as Kalinga Nagar area committee member and was the second-in-command since the past few months. Earlier, the government had declared Rs 2 lakh reward on her head. She was allegedly involved in ransacking the forest beat house in Similipal, ambushing a police party at Similipal, among others after she joined the Red rebels four years ago.\"Top cadres harassed women in the camp. The Maoists also no longer work for tribals and instead kill them. I was very disillusioned. So I surrendered to avail of the government's rehabilitation policy. The gun and bullets that I gave up were looted from the Daitai police station and forest range office,\" Sambari said.The other woman who surrendered is Rambati Hembram. Rambati, who carried a reward of Rs 20,000 on her head, came with her baby. Her husband, also a Maoist, is now in Keonjhar jail. Police are yet to find out about her crime. Aiban Tu, the third Maoist was involved in the attack on Akul foreign liquor shop, Daitari police station, murder of Kesab Behera and Kailash Chandra Mohanta of Rebanapalsapal. Police are yet to investigate the crimes of Dharani, who was carrying a reward of Rs 20,000 on his head.Briefing the media, Jethwa said \"The Maoists cadre surrendered voluntarily. They will be rehabilitated under the government's new policy. They will be given all financial assistance and facilities in phases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13507236", "title": "Blockade hits traffic on national highway-6", "text": "SILCHAR: Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS)'s Katigora unit on Friday held a blockade on NH-6 (earlier NH-44) at Katigora in Cachar district, disrupting movement of traffic on the most important link road of this region.KMSS held the blockade in support of their six-point charter of demands and to protest against the state government's act of picking up KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi forcefully from the place of his indefinite fast on early Thursday. The agitators were also protesting against the recent steep hike in the price of petrol.Sources from Katigora, 35km from here, said KMSS supporters in large numbers held a demonstration on the national highway at Tikorpara point at 9am on Friday, creating blockade on the road. Traffic was severely affected on the route, which connects Barak Valley in Assam , Tripura, Mizoram and parts of Manipur with the rest of the country. Hundreds of trucks, buses, cars and other vehicles were stranded on either side of the place of agitation. Long-distance passengers were the worst sufferers.At 1pm, police went to the spot and requested the agitators to help make the national highway free for traffic. When the KMSS supports failed to respond, police dispersed the agitators by using force. At least 25 KMSS members were taken into custody by the Katigora police and the road was cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501722", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav visits Kanha Upvan, surprises staff", "text": "LUCKNOW: After urban development minister Azam Khan, it was the turn of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to visit Kanha Upvan on Friday. Mulayam reached the Upvan, much to the surprise of municipal officials.The SP boss inspected the site and asked the municipal officials to see that the facility, meant for the stray animals, is made better. Kanha Upvan, which was initiated during the tenure of Lucknow mayor Dinesh Sharma in 2006 is yet to become fully operational. Presently it is limited to the upkeep of stray cattle.A non-government organisation had been roped in by the Lucknow Municipal Corporation last year. Mulayam told the officials that it should be the duty of LMC to ensure that the facility functions properly, in case the NGO does not do its job.Spread over an area of over 50 acre, Kanha Upvan has been craving for enough government attention. It was only after four years of its tenure that the Mayawati government took cognizance of the project and an NGO was roped in to make use of the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13498929", "title": "Juhu party goers summoned for questioning again", "text": "MUMBAI: After having collected the blood and urine samples of 91 persons who attended a party in Juhu last Sunday to check if they had consumed drugs, the police have again called several of them for questioning. The police said they wanted to question some of them that include a model and a socialite, about earlier parties they have attended, some of it dating back to 2008. The results of the blood and urine tests are awaited.\"We don't have much detail about the network (drug) and are questioning some of them who attended to understand the supply network,\" a senior police officer said but did not disclose the names of the persons who have been summoned again.The police officer claimed that Vishay Handa, the Juhu hotel director, had sent invitations to more than 200 persons including several Bollywood and well-known city personalities but again refused to disclose any further details. The police officer also said they have not decided whether to call the two IPL players again to record their statements.Meanwhile, a special court hearing the NDPS cases on Friday extended the police custody of Handa till May 29 after the police claimed that he was not cooperating with the investigation. Handa is a director of Oakwood Premier Hotel and had rent-ed the hotel's rooftop for the party.Times ViewAs if rounding up every one of the 91 guests at the Juhu party and forcing them to give blood for a drug test wasn't bad enough, the police now want to call them back for another round of harassment. The list of excuses keeps growing: for instance, they want to know if some of the people at the Sunday party might have attended any other party busted in the past, including one as far back as 2008 (reported in Thursday's edition of TOI). So what if they did? The police should just wait for the test results instead of embarking on a fishing expedition, which is what they seem to be doing in the absence of any significant haul that might suggest an organized trade in drugs. As our comparative analysis of drug laws in other countries (such as the US) in Friday's paper underlined, a distinction needs to be made between personal use and peddling for commercial gain. And so it should be in India too. This is not to advocate use of drugs, far from it. What is needed is a mature and reasonable regime that does not paint everyone with the same brush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13503669", "title": "Cumulative grade point average helps students score good marks, say experts", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Students of the Central Board of Secondary Examination (CBSE)-affiliated schools have learned the art of scoring high marks under the present cumulative grade point average (CGPA) system in the second year of its introduction by the Union HRD ministry.Probably, this is the reason why almost all the schools have performed relatively better this year, believe experts. They say the students and the schools have comprehensively understood the finer lines of the continuous comprehensive evaluation (CCE) system, an instrument for evaluating marks under CGPA.\"The CGPA system is introduced (by the HRD ministry) for holistic development of the students so along with the academic performance other activities are also counted. Up to Class X it is fine (for scoring good marks) but thereafter you (student) have to prepare for the competitive academic career,\" said CBSE regional coordinator Bipin Sharma, who is also the principal of Vidya Bharati Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Telco.The principal of DAV-NIT school said the CCE system had been somewhat instrumental for the average students in aspiring them for scoring high marks.\"The rationale behind introducing this system was to ensure evaluation of the performance not just in academic field but otherwise also and perhaps in the last two years the students have learnt the method of scoring good marks making effective use of this system,\" said DAV NIT school principal, S P Sharma.A senior faculty at Delhi Public School-Mango said the CGPA system had been much helpful to the average students.\"The meritorious students are prepared to perform under any system and after all one day the students have to face the real competitive world to make a good career,\" said the faculty member.The principal of St Mary's English School said holistic development of the student was paramount at the elementary level and CGPA is helping in ensuring a balanced growth of the children.\"To some extent the present system has helped in taking the pressure away from the students and at the same time it is helping them to score a grade,\" said St Mary's English school principal Fr. David Vincent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13499919", "title": "99.22% voter turnout at Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli polls", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Polling for biennial elections to legislative council for Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli seat was held in three districts in the constituency on Friday. 99.22% polling was registered in the constituency during the day. All but one voter exercised their franchise of vote on the polling day.Congress-NCP candidate Rahul Puglia is in straight fight with BJP-Sena candidate Mitesh Bhangadiya in the election. The constituency has total voting of 620, which include 291 voters from Chandrapur 222 from Wardha and 107 from Gadchiroli. There were four polling booths in Chandrapur at subdivision centres, while three each polling booths were formed in Wardha and Gadchiroli districts.100% polling was registered in Chandrapur (151 votes), Bramhapuri (37 votes), Warora (71 votes), Rajura (32 votes), Gadchiroli (49 votes), Desaiganj (38 votes), Aheri (20 votes), Hinghanghat (57 votes) and Arvi (43 votes) polling booths. However one voter failed to turn up at Wardha polling booth. Out of the 128 voters in Wardha polling booth only 127 cast their votes.Though the turnout was weak initially and voters arrived independently or in clusters of two-three. However by late morning, polling picked up pace and voters in groups arrived to cast their votes. Even in Gadchiroli, voters reported at the booths on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13501770", "title": "Car dealers feel petrol pinch", "text": "KOLKATA: You may have seen it but not quite put a finger to it - something was missing on the city's roads on Friday. Cars. There were fewer four-wheelers out on Kolkata, two days after a budget-busting petrol price hike. There were fewer vehicles at petrol pumps and far fewer takers for petrol cars.The gloom has hit petrol-car makers and fuel pump owners as much as it has affected the common man trying to fit the Rs 7.85 hike in his modest expenses bracket.TOI had reported on Thursday how many Kolkatans were not willing to take their vehicles out after the hike. Friday proved the fears true as sale of petrol nose-dived and car companies reported large-scale pullouts by prospective buyers.Most of the car dealers TOI spoke to said that a lot of customers have cancelled their booking of petrol cars and opted for diesel cars. Car owners are already making drastic changes to their life to meet the petrol expenses.\"Since the fuel bill burns a big hole in the pocket, I have to strike a balance in fuel consumption. We are using only one of our two cars at a time,\" said Ileena and Animesh Sen, a couple engaged in interior designing and investment banking.\"In today's world, fuel is bought not in litres but in certain round-figure sums. A buyer usually asks for petrol worth Rs 100 or Rs 500 or Rs 1,000. This practice remains after the hike with the consumer obviously getting less fuel for the same amount of money. So, sales have really dipped. Many people I know have stopped taking their car,\" said West Bengal Petroleum Dealers' Association general secretary Surojit Koley.The price hike and subsequent drop in sales has hit petroleum dealers' so hard that there is a demand for a movement to increase their commission. \"We are paid a commission on the sale of each unit of fuel and not the price we sell at. After the price hike, our capital investment has gone up but because of the drop in sales, our income has gone down. So we are perhaps the biggest sufferers of the petrol price rise,\" said Koley.The rise has also caused a slump in buying petrol cars. A majority of owners of private vehicle used to prefer petrol cars for the price advantage.The petrol price hike has put off new car buyers. There is a huge shift to diesel cars despite lucrative discounts and offers announced for petrol variants, said motor vehicle dealer Shankar Agarawal.Petroleum dealers are also hit by evaporation loss. The fuel meant for vehicles of superior emission standards have a higher rate of evaporation. \"The scientific committee has proved that this is up to 75%. Yet the oil companies only compensate 60% which was the evaporation loss for earlier version of fuel,\" Koley.Many transport economists have questioned the steep hike in petrol price. \"It seems the government is engaged in cross-subsidizing diesel with petrol. If this is so, it would be an unfair practice. Moreover, the international crude oil price is not so high that a fall in the rupee would result in such a price rise. If you look at the fluctuation of crude oil price, you would notice that the price rose to an all-time high in early 2009. After that, crude price fluctuated somewhere near $100 and $110 per barrel, where as in 2009 it reached $140 a barrel. The Indian basket of crude oil averaged around $111.15 per barrel in the first half of May 2012, which was 10.4% below the average $124.03 in the first half of March 2012\" said Shanatanu Banerjee, a transport economist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500498", "title": "Teens intrude into abandoned quarters; cops go lenient", "text": "NAGPUR: A dilapidated and abandoned residential quarters meant for Class-II employees of Regional Mental Hospital became a venue for a raucous birthday party for about half a dozen boys and a girl on Friday. The hospital staffers claimed the youngsters were found in compromising position.TOI saw a condom wrapper, several empty plastic glasses, empty packets of snacks, bottles, numerous cigarette butts and newspapers in the room where the youngsters were holding a party. It is not clear why police did not collect the materials as evidence or charge them with trespass.Gittikhadan police extended unusual generosity towards the youngsters by booking them under routine section 110 of Bombay police Act for indecency in a public place and not for trespassing into the hospital premises under Indian Penal Code (IPC). Inexplicably, the cops also did not take any step against the girl, a resident of Ramdaspeth, who was nabbed along with two boys. The police tried to conceal the fact that even a knife was found with one of the boys.Though the hospital staffers had handed over the knife police did not add offence under Arms Act for possessing the weapon. \"We could find only a liquor bottle,\" said sub-inspector Neeraj Choudhary of Gittikhadan police station. He also argued that the place where youngsters were partying was not hospital premises. However, Dr Purushottam Madavi, deputy medical superintendent of the mental hospital, said that the place where the youngsters were found very much within their precinct. \"One of our employees (Pandurang Pawar) had spotted the youngsters inside the vacant place and informed us. We called the cops,\" he said.The mental hospital staffers helped police nab two boys and girl while four more boys managed to sneak away as administrative branch employees started raising an alarm. It was a handful of patient branch employees who barged into the room challenging the youngsters. The hospital staffers handed over a liquor bottle and a knife found with the youngsters. They also ensured that they had an official record of the numbers of youngsters that they had handed over to the police and the materials found on them.\"The boys had a knife which for a moment scared us but we stood firm against them,\" said Arun Dhongde from patient branch. \"We had informed police on numerous occasions that our premises had become unsafe with strangers and miscreants misusing them. There was a request from our side to step up patrolling but nothing was done,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13505612", "title": "Buxar open jail has many firsts to its credit", "text": "PATNA: The state's first open jail, inaugurated by chief minister Nitish Kumar at Buxar on May 23, is the most modern among the 26 open jails in 13 other states, including Rajasthan which has the highest number of nine such jails.According to sources, the Buxar open jail has the capacity to lodge 104 inmates. However, the prisons department authorities have so far selected only 75 prisoners who have been shifted to the Buxar open jail.There are certain facilities at the Buxar open jail which are not available at other such jails in the country. For instance, said director (prisons, industries) BCP Singh, it offers one-room flat to every prisoner so that they could stay with their family members. In the open jail in Orissa, Punjab and Gujarat, prisoners are lodged in barracks without family members. Singh said the inmates of the Buxar open jail and their family members would be imparted computer training. The inmates of open jails in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan do not get free ration whereas those of the Buxar open jail get free ration. \"However, we do not provide free ration for their family members,\" Singh said.For cooking purposes, the jail authorities have got 110 LPG connections from the Indian Oil Corporation. Even utensils have been provided to the prisoners by the state home (prisons) department. Other such jails do not have the facility of LPG connections for their inmates, Singh said. The Buxar open jail has also a well-equipped gymnasium for the prisoners. However, there is no trainer. \"The jail superintendent will guide the gym users,\" Singh said. For now, the jail superintendent of Buxar Central Jail has been given the additional charge of the open jail. Singh said the objective behind opening the open jail in the state was to encourage good conduct and self-discipline among the inmates. Hence, they are provided all modern facilities. Most of the inmates lodged in the open jail are convicts in murder cases, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13502865", "title": "Kerala may seek details of dam tests", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala may file an interlocutory application (IA) seeking the details of the tests, which formed the basis for the report of the Empowered Committee on Mullaperiyar dam.According to the report, the dam is seismologically, hydrologically and structurally safe.According to official sources the application is likely to be filed before the Supreme Court before July 24, when the court is set to take up the case relating to the Mullaperiyar dam dispute. Kerala's Mullaperiyar cell and legal experts have already prepared a draft of the IA and it is likely to be submitted to the state government for approval. The experts' opinion that the state has obtained so far is that the dam is unsafe.Kerala's response to the Empowered Committee report, recently submitted to the Supreme Court, will also include the state's comments on the test results, sources told TOI here.The thrust of the state's response to the EC report would be that, the suggestion in it for a new dam as a long-term alternative overrides all other findings, including that the existing dam is safe.The Empowered Committee has recommended that both Kerala and Tamil Nadu should sign an MOU on the control of the dam. Kerala's response will also contain its draft of the MOU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13504321", "title": "10-year-old girl reunited with family", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 10-year-old girl, who was reported missing on Wednesday from Prahladnagar, was reunited with the family on Thursday after a good Samaritan handed her over to her community members.Anandnagar police said that Meka Damor, a native of Limkheda near Dahod, had come to Ahmedabad to spend her vacation at her uncle Mahesh Pujiya's house. Pujiya, a construction labourer, was working at a site near Prahladnagar and lived in a shanty nearby.\"On Wednesday, Meka was playing near the construction site when she found a one rupee coin. She decided to buy a chocolate from a nearby shop and went there after crossing two roads. On the way back, she got confused as she did not remember the landmarks and started crying near the road. Late in the night, a man was passing by the spot on his bicycle,\" said an Anandnagar police official.Meka, speaking a tribal language, could not make the man understand herself. The good Samaritan took her to a nearby construction site and handed her over to women labourers, requesting them to find her parents.\"As she did not return home, Pujiya informed police. We thought that the girl might have been lost or had went somewhere else as there were many construction sites in the area. We thus brought labour contractors together and distributed her photograph on Thursday. In the evening, one of the contractors came back with the girl and the woman who kept her on Wednesday night,\" said the official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13501214", "title": "Tribals reeling under malnutrition", "text": "CHENNAI: There were at least 98 dishes, mostly made of wild leaves from the forest, once popular among the tribal communities in Wayanad in Kerala, but only a couple of them are cooked today. At least 19 varieties of 'yam', one of the oldest cultivated plants, were grown here until ten years ago. But those good old days have gone. Malnutrition among the tribal population is on the rise, thanks to the rapid change in the agricultural and economic fields.A two-day workshop on \"Addressing household level food and nutrition security for tribal areas\", organised by Vigyan Prasar in collaboration with the MS Swaminathan Research Foundation, highlighted the importance of understanding the existing scenario of traditional methods of food and nutrition and prevailing malnutrition among tribals in India. \"Malnutrition is a big problem among the tribals now, particularly among children and women. Our challenge is to implement the suggestions that we received in the main tribal belts based on the traditional food practices of that region. We will be launching a nutrition literacy movement soon,\" said Ajay Parida, executive director, MSSRF.Scientists, government representatives, nutritionists, academicians, technical managers and NGOs from various states presented about 27 papers.Mahtab Bamji, emeritus scientist, National Institute of Nutrition, Hyderabad, said,\"We have to improve homestead production in each tribal hamlet to improve the nutritional level of tribals. We have to educate them in this direction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050864", "title": "Anil Kapoor's ankle chase in 'Shootout at Wadala'!", "text": "Actor Anil Kapoor who is playing ACP Isaque Bagwan in Sanjay Gupta's star studded flick Shootout at Wadala has left few fellow actors of the cast with their 'ankle woes' while shooting few chase sequences of the movie recently in Mumbai.In a sequence where John Abraham who is playing Manya Surve is being chased by Anil Kapoor, John lost his balance and fell badly hurting his ankle. He was asked by the doctors to stay away from the sets for at least a week.And now, another name in this 'hurting chase' by Anil Kapoor is of supporting actor Raju Mavani who's playing the character of Ayub Lala in the movie. Raju Mavani too hurt in his ankle during the shoots of one of the chase sequences. Raju Mavani says, \"The chase sequence was on and I was being chased by Anil Kapoor. Stepping at an uneven terrain I lost my balance and fell injuring my foot. Even though its a minor pull but ya, it's there. The locations where these chases are being filmed are very rough and some times are troubling us while these chases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500766", "title": "Woman found dead in Mylapore", "text": "CHENNAI: Amlu, a 32-year-old contract labourer engaged by the Chennai Corporation, was found dead with grievous injuries all over her body in her home in Mylapore on Friday.Some neighbours who found Amlu dead in her hutment on the service lane behind the Santhome church alerted the Mylapore police.Police registered a case and sent the body to Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital for postmortem. Amlu's husband was not in town, police said.Preliminary investigation revealed that she was seen speaking to a man on Thursday night and investigations are on to identify him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13499587", "title": "Adani denies compensation to injured welder", "text": "GONDIA: Adani Power is being criticized for denying compensation to a welder Ramesh Bisen who was injured in an accident at Tiroda power plant on May 7. His cousin Santosh Bisen who was killed in the accident has been promised a compensation of Rs 20 lakh by Adani. But the authorities have not even bothered to meet Ramesh so far and will have to go without pay until he resumes his duty.Ramesh told TOI that he has sustained some serious injuries and is even unable to walk properly and would take time to resume work. Ramesh is poor and is worried about making ends meet till then.Ramesh and Santosh used to work for a construction company IVRCL as welders. IVRCL does pipeline fitting in Tiroda. On May 7 the two were welding a 3.4m diameter pipeline. While Santosh was working about 3.5m below the ground, Ramesh was assisting him from the top of the pipe.At 12 noon there was something like a mini hot water storm, accompanied by dust, came rushing out of the pipe. This shook the earth around the pipeline, which caved in killing Santosh. However, Ramesh was thrown up 8 to 10 feet and fell down unconscious. He did not gain consciousness for four to five hours. Apparently some officer had opened the valve of the water pipeline, which led to the accident.Ramesh was immediately given first aid and then admitted in Gondia central hospital, where he remained for five days.Ramesh told TOI that he was told by Adani officials that he was suffering from hypertension before joining this duty and he could be held responsible for this accident. But when he pointed out to them that he had submitted fitness certificate before joining, his employment card was also snatched from him, Ramesh alleged.The workers are infuriated over the fact that instead of punishing the officer who had opened the valve, Adani has lodged a police complaint against thousands of employees who created ruckus after this incident in which a few vehicles were burned.Ramesh and other workers alleged that whenever an accident takes place, the injured are taken to Gondia central hospital, which is 27km from the plant instead of Tiroda which is only 3km. Ramesh charged that this was because Adani officers were able to get the type of certificates they wanted, which apparently was not possible in Tiroda sub district hospital.Adani and IVRCL officials have denied all allegations levelled by Ramesh Bisen and other workers.Commenting on the accident, Rahul Joshi, director of IVRCL, claimed that there was no explosion. \"It is only because the soil around these pipes had become wet and soft and the earth caved in. Nobody had opened the valve.\" However, Joshi could not explain as to why wet soil had not been factored in by the officers.On Adani's move to register complaints against workers, OP Bharadwaj, Adani Power's vice president (civil) at Tiroda, said that the ruckus created by workers had caused tremendous loss to the company. \"Had this issue not been reported to the police such things could have occurred again.\"On denial of compensation to Ramesh, Sanjay Argade Adani Power's DGM (HR) at Tiroda, said that 15 to 20 construction companies were working in Tiroda and each had its own HR policies. \"We can't interfere with them.\"On Ramesh Bisen's health before and after his appointment, Dr NM Thakre, Adani's medical officer at Tiroda, said that Ramesh did not suffer from hypertension but low haemoglobin count. Commenting on Ramesh's allegation that injured workers were taken only to Gondia, Dr Thakre said, \"We take them to the hospital depending on the treatment required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13518220", "title": "Victoria's Secret bras helping rural Indian women too", "text": "LONDON: Victoria's Secret, which helps 'boost' the assets of cash-rich women around the world with its bust-enhancing bras, is also improving the lives of thousands of rural Indian women who are responsible for creating the garments, reports have revealed.Traditionally confined to the house, spending their days doing chores, making meals, cleaning and looking after the family, an increasing number of women are said to be realising the benefits of economic freedom.Villager Jaya, 22, who has recently been making up one of Victoria's Secrets most popular innovations - the padded \"Very Sexy\" push-up bra, said \"I knew nothing but the village before.\"\"My parents just wanted me married as quickly as possible,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"They never saw me as an asset, just a burden. They did not think a woman could earn money, but look at me,\" she said.On Intimate Fashion's massive factory floor, in Tamil Nadu hundreds of women can be seen wearing aprons and headscarves, in the Victoria's Secret signature pink.The firm - which also produces bras for Victoria's Secret brand 'Pink' and the La Senza brand - is one of thousands of companies that have cropped up in the area over recent years.And Mamandur village, just a 30 minutes drive away, provides a steady pool of young women for the factory which employs around 2,500 workers.\"Thousands of companies have mushroomed here and there has been increasing competition to get good employees,\" Prasad Narayan Rege, Intimate Fashions' general manager, said.\"So when the World Bank and the Tamil Nadu government came to us with the idea of employing women from some of the poorest communities and give them training, we saw a good opportunity. If it wasn't for this project, we would be in big trouble,\" he said.The World Bank provided a 350-million-dollar loan to fund the Pudhu Vaazhvu (meaning \"New Life\" in Tamil) project, helping to identify jobless youths in local village committees.Firms are then connected with individuals and hold rural job fairs at least once a month - giving presentations, answering questions on qualifications, training and salaries - in particular focusing recruiting on young female employees.Officials say firms have to adopt \"culturally sensitive\" approaches such as bringing parents to see their manufacturing units to show them the environment their daughters will be working and living in as some girls must stay in hotels set up by employers. Initially, it was strange to see rural women working. Our society has kept women at homes in their traditional roles as homemakers,\" Shajeevana R.V. from Tamil Nadu's Rural Development Department, said.\"But now, these young women are breadwinners. Not only that, we are seeing positive social changes taking place due to these jobs. Girls, who were married off straight out of school are now delaying their marriages by three or four years,\" R.V. said.Since this public-private partnership which began in 2005, 143,709 young people in Kanchipuram and 25 other districts, have got jobs with 421 companies, which include Intel, Nike, Samsung and Nokia, say government officials.Most villagers in the region are dependent on manual labour, working on farms for a daily wage of 100 rupees (2 dollars).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13499709", "title": "Cops hunt for auto driver for son\u2019s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The RCF police on Thursday registered a case of murder against an autorickshaw driver, nine months after he allegedly killed his eight-year-old son Aniket and dumped his body in a water drum to pass it off as an accident. The accused is not traceable.The incident occurred at the New Bharat Nagar hutment in Chembur where the accused, Parapa (36), lived. The police converted the accidental death report (ADR), which was registered on August 20 last year, into a murder case against the father after the post-mortem report revealed that the victim was smothered to death.The police said the accused committed the offence in a fit of rage and assaulted his two children, daughter Ankita and Aniket. Deputy commissioner of police (Zone VI) Manoj Lohiya said the post-mortem and viscera reports came out recently. \"Parapa was in an inebriated condition when he killed his son. He tried to mislead investigators by trying to pass it off as an accident,\" he added.After the post-mortem report showed that it was a case of murder, the police spoke to Parapa's six-year-old daughter, who said she saw her father beat up her brother.In her initial statement, the girl had said she ran away after Parapa beat her up when he saw her watching television. The incident occurred between 10am and 11.45am that day when Parapa came home from work. \"His wife, a domestic help, left for work after they had a fight. Ankita said her father did not stop there. When he started hitting her, Aniket intervened and tried to stop Parapa from beating up Ankita,\" said senior inspector Dilip Yadav.Yadav said they would have registered a case of murder soon after the incident, but Parapa's daughter and wife were not ready to accept that he killed Aniket. \"But the post-mortem report clearly pointed to a case of murder,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13504147", "title": "High court reserves verdict on Bidari's appeal", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday reserved its verdict on petitions filed by both Shankar M Bidari and the government challenging the March 16 order of the Central Administrative Tribunal, Bangalore Bench, relating to the appointment of the Karnataka DG &amp; IG.The division bench headed by Justice N Kumar completed fresh hearing of the petition as per the directive of the apex court and indicated that they will pronounce the verdict on Monday.Bidari's counsel infor-med the court that he (Bidari) wished to withdraw the interlocutory application seeking for a change of bench. In his application, Bidari, DGP and chairman of Karnataka Sta-te Police Housing Corporation Limited, said he had full faith in the bench.Following this development, the application filed by AR Infant, in charge DG &IG; who had challenged Bidari\"s appointment before the CAT became infructuous.Points to ponderIn the morning, the bench had even indicated that they have to lay down law on what constitutes `bias' on the part of judges, how the court should deal with the advocates who come up with such pleas seeking for change of bench etc.\"What will happen to the judicial system if a litigant belonging to a particular caste starts apprehending that he may not get justice as the judge hearing his case belongs to a different caste? If a judge is a man and the litigant a woman, then what will happen to the judicial system if the woman says that she apprehends bias from the male judge?'' the bench observed wondering about the impact of such an eventuality.Media not spared tooThe high court bench wanted to know that if the wrong reporting of its March 30 judgment in a section of the media had damaged Bidari's reputation and how the bench can be blamed for it.\"In our March 30 order, we did not compare Bidari either to Colonel Gaddafi of Libya or Saddam Hussain of Iraq . It was Bidari himself who tried to draw such a comparison, we only reacted to it. How can we be blamed if some sub-sta8nd8ard newspapers report our order wrongly,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13519249", "title": "Curious case of publicity", "text": "Is announcing a film with supposed real-reel connection, followed by threats of being sued and then issuing a denial the latest promotional strategy? TOI explores this recent trendMove over promotional videos and stories of link-ups just before a movie release. These days, publicity begins almost as soon as the projects are announced and sometimes even before shooting has begun! The latest trick to grab eyeballs is to announce a project that has some remote connection with either a real-life character, incident or another film (supposed remake), build a controversy around it only to later announce that the project is far removed from what it has been associated with. Be it the serial \" Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon \" or Rakhi Sawant's film on an item girl, more than half the publicity of these projects has resulted only because of this controversial claims, a law suit threat followed by a denial.Rakhi went to town claiming that she would be making her Bengali debut in the remake of \"The Dirty Picture\". That was enough to get Ekta Kapoor fuming, who, in turn, threatened to send a legal notice. While this controversy already managed to get people talking about the film, the as-yet-untitled movie's director Satabdi Roy said that her film was only based on an item girl and not on Vidya Balan's \" TDP \" character! Shooting for the film hasn't begun as yet but there is no denying the curiosity about the film!As soon as the name of the show, \" Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon \", was out, there were stories about how the serial is based on the much-speculated affair between yesteryear star Madhubala and Dilip Kumar ! Madhubala's sister, Zahida, sent a notice to the channel head seeking clarification only to be told that the show is a tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema and deals with life of stars behind the camera and their emotional highs and lows. When Drashti Dhami, who plays the lead in the show, was asked about the roadblocks the show was facing since its announcement, the actor admitted that any controversy is only adding to the positive publicity to the show. She was happy that people are getting to know that something new has been launched or something is cooking!The controversial Park Street rape case that left the nation shocked was supposed to have been a springboard for the Rituparn Sengupta starrer \" Teen Kanya \". The cast initially preferred a \"no comments\" stance when asked about its inspiration though there were enough hints left for people to draw parallels between reel and real. Once that stage got over, director Agnidev Chatterjee said his film had not connection with the incident but is a thriller with a lesbian angle to it that deals with a sex worker, who asks a scribe if it's okay to rape someone in the flesh trade! Why Agnidev chose not to reveal this in the beginning is anybody's guess.Says trade analyst Taran Adarsh, \"Link-ups are passe and though I don't know whether this real-reel connection is planned or not, fact is this kind of publicity generates curiosity among people. I do not belong to Madhubala's generation but after coming to know about the controversy, I want to watch the show. So is it in case of some movies. Remember the Parveen Babi references when \"Woh Lamhe\" was released? At the last minute, one was told that the film wasn't a biopic. Sometimes, producers and directors dissociate real-life associations when they think things might go out of hand and they can't salvage the situation. But by then, the product has already grabbed eyeballs.\"While it's easy to notice a pattern in the promotion, there is another question that can't be ignored. Is our sensitivity making it difficult for makers to go all out and admit their inspirations? Just before the release of \" TDP \", Ekta Kapoor was told that she was brave enough to be inspired by real-life incidents but had fallen short of being able to admit it. The producer's answer, perhaps, sums up the situation: \"While the West can make a film like \" Anonymous \" and claim that Shakespeare was fake, freedom of thought is a fallacy in India. Biopics can be inspirational but we will have to battle a long list of cases from religious and cultural sectors. I didn't base my film on Silk and that's why I still don't have any case against me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "13507670", "title": "Nalco invites business players for industrial park", "text": "ANGUL: Nalco has invited entrepreneurs and manufacturers to set up downstream and upstream units at its proposed aluminium park. The park will come up adjacent to its Nalco Smelter Plant at Angul with an aim to increase metal consumption within the state and get benefits for all micro, small and medium entrepreneurs (MSMEs) and people.At a plant-level advisory sub-committee meeting held at Nalco Training Centre on Wednesday, the executive director of Nalco (S&P; Complex) Pradeep Ranjan Choudhury said the park will be a joint venture with Industrial Development Corporation of Odisha (IDCO). The project will be the first of its kind with necessary infrastructure support and facility to directly receive molten and solid aluminium.He said the downstream and upstream industries will produce conductors, extrusions, castings and foil, apart from caustic soda, coal tar pitch, alum and other items like ingot skimming tool. Allaying fears that pollution will increase in the area, the executive director said, \"All micro, small and medium entrepreneurs (MSMEs) have been asked to set up their industries in an eco-friendly manner ensuring minimum adverse environment impact on project surroundings.\"The park will generate both direct and indirect employment for the people of Angul and Odisha, he added. Choudhury said 450 acres of land will be needed for the project. \"We have already acquired 65 acres of land. The park will be set up after getting all land to our possession,\" he said.The executive director told MSMEs are strength of any economy as they provide large-scale employment with minimum investment. Citing the example of Chinese and European economy, he said development of MSME sector is the key factor in overall economic development. He assured that Nalco will extend necessary support to MSMEs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13501495", "title": "It's now Garg's turn to bid adieu to Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Days after U Sagayam was transferred from the post of Madurai collector and posted as managing director of Co-optex, the state government on Friday transferred rural superintendent of police (SP) Asra Garg, who had launched a crackdown against land grabbers, to Tirupur.Whether it was during his stint as SP of Tirunelveli and later in Madurai, Asra Garg had made bravery coupled with compassion his hallmark. He booked a case against DMK leader Anita Radhrakrishnan during the Tiruchendur byelection for carrying cash allegedly for distributing it to voters. With the same determination, Garg attempted to sort out the clash between dalits and non-dalits in Uthapuram and Villoor villagers in Madurai district. It was in Villoor that a 300-strong mob armed with sickles and logs attempted to attack him. But Garg organised a series of peace meetings between both communities and succeeded in the mutual withdrawal of cases, paving the way for harmony between the warring communities.On March 22, 2011, about 20 days prior to the state assembly elections, Sagayam, inducted into the IAS in 2001 from the Tamil Nadu Civil Service assumed charge as the district collector of Madurai, the stranglehold of DMK's southern satrap M K Alagiri. The same day, Asra Garg, a young IPS officer of the 2004 batch, took over the post of rural superintendent of police of the district.Only a day prior to that, P Kannappan, a 1993 batch IPS officer had taken charge as the city commissioner. The three were handpicked by the then chief electoral officer Naresh Gupta for the specific assignment to curb bribing of voters during the assembly elections. It was said that after these three took over the reins, bribing of voters was curbed by almost 90% and the election code of conduct was enforced to the maximum extent.After the AIADMK took over the state reigns, there was a shuffling of officials across the state, but the three officials were left untouched. Land grabbers, most of them associates of Alagiri, were arrested one after the other. A semblance of order was restored in the district, organised crime and corruption was brought down, the quarrying lobby lay low and people found their trust on the bureaucrats growing.But now, a year later, Madurai residents are going to miss their bravehearts. On May 23, the state government transferred Sagayam in a reshuffle and posted him as the Co-optex managing director. Three days later, Asra Garg has been transferred and posted as SP of the textile hub of Tirupur. V Balakrishnan, the Tirupur SP will now take charge as Madurai SP. In April, Kannappan was transferred and posted as inspector general, North Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "shrawasti", "code": "13504955", "title": "3 kids charred to death in Shrawasti", "text": "SHRAWASTI: Three children were charred to death and four others received serious injuries in a fire in Isapurva village, police said. The blaze, purportedly caused by a spark from an earthen stove, also gutted 50 houses, they said. Two fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the flames.Those killed in the incident have been identified as Ghoore (3), Sahil (1) and Sufiyan (1), officials of the district administration said, and added that the injured have been admitted to Bahraich district hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13506544", "title": "Police struggle to identify decomposed body", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police are clueless about the identity of a dead body they found on Thursday night in Baragaon area under Gorchuk police station. The decayed body of a man, possibly in his mid-30s, was recovered from a drain near a playground in the area.Locals first spotted the body on Thursday night and informed the police subsequently. The body was in such a decomposed state that its identification has become a challenge for the police.\"Many parts of the body, especially the face, have become disfigured. We believe the body belong to a man in his thirties or forties who was wearing a shirt and pair of trousers at the time of death. The body was found in a waterbody which functions as a drain in the area,\" said a policeman of Gorchuk police station.Police have sent the disfigured remains for medical preservation as they have to keep the body for 72 hours to attempt identification. However, officials ruled out the possibility of a DNA test.\"We will follow the procedure. Our initial investigation says that the man died at least a week ago. But we will not go for a DNA test until someone claims the body,\" added the police.Locals, meanwhile, blamed the police for failing to check criminal activities in the area. \"With hills and forests near the highways, miscreants are using the area as a cover for their crimes. Someone must have killed the man and dumped the body in the drain,\" said Mukunda Rabha, a resident of the area.There have been many such murder cases since the beginning of the year that the city police are yet to crack. An 80-year-old woman named Tayebulla Khatun was killed at her residence in Machkhowa on January 9; police are yet to find the killer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500806", "title": "Nashik-Pune AC bus service misses \u2018hot\u2019 season", "text": "NASHIK: The introduction of air-conditioned Sheetal bus fleet by Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) on the Nashik-Pune route has been put off, with the MSRTC introducing buses on the Mumbai-Karad route instead. This has raised eyebrows as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan hails from Karad. The move has deprived passengers from Nashik and Pune of a new air-conditioned bus service between the two cities this summer.Since February 2012, MSRTC officials have been saying that Nashik would get Sheetal bus services by May 1, so that the corporation taps the tourists during the summer vacation. The Sheetal category of buses are air-conditioned, semi-luxury buses with 2X2 seats and cost less than the Shivneri (AC -Volvo) services. It was a missing segment in the transport service by the state-run MSRTC.\"We have been demanding Sheetal bus service on this route. Since the buses are made, owned and run by MSRTC, it takes time to implement the same. The central office had promised buses by beginning of May, but surely there are some issues due to which it has been delayed,\" Kailas Deshmukh, MSRTC, divisional controller, said.Nearly 7,000 passengers travel between Nashik and Mumbai daily and most of them travel by trains that ply on the central railway. As far as travelling between Nashik and Pune is concerned, there is just one train. \"There are nearly 50 buses that ply between the two cities and the load factor is around 60 percent. The route also has Shivneri (AC - Volvo) bus service which gives MSRTC an earning of Rs 70 per km. By these standards, it was all the more important that MSRTC introduces Sheetal Bus service to attract passengers,\" Vilas Deole, a consumer activist, said.He further questioned how MSRTC could get a bus to start the Sheetal service from Mumbai to Karad, a taluka and not Nashik, which is a district .An office-bearer from the employees' union feels the introduction of AC semi luxury Sheetal buses between Nashik and Pune is likely to hamper the business of Shivneri service (AC- Volvo), taken on lease from a private contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13506988", "title": "Turn Brahmaputra into vibrant waterway: Abdul Kalam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Former President A P J Abdul Kalam wants to see the \"silent\" Brahmaputra emerge into a \"smart\" waterway in the country.Speaking at the 14th convocation function of IIT-Guwahati on Friday, Kalam said the Brahmaputra was very close to his heart. By a smart waterway, Kalam meant that the river should be turned into a vibrant waterway. \"The Brahmaputra is very close to me. Yesterday and even today I visited the river bank,\" said Kalam. The former President exhorted the students to work for this cause.Like the Power Grid, Kalam wants to see the mighty river become a part of the National Water Grid. Later, he told the media that he was in favour of the river-linking project. Earlier, the project had evoked strong opposition from environmental groups and activists.The Supreme Court, this year, gave the nod to the river-linking project, which was actively pursued in NDA's time to tackle inequity in water availability in different parts of the country. Recently, a group of eminent citizens filed a petition in the apex court, seeking review of the decision.Kalam said by 2020, India should reduce the rural-urban divide to \"a thin line\" and have an equitable distribution of energy and quality water. During the function, the former president told IIT-Guwahati students to acquire knowledge in an integrated way for using multiple disciplines in product development and management right from the undergraduate level.\"I am sure IIT-Guwahati is facilitating such inter-disciplinary project experience to all students. The programme on entrepreneurship generation, hydropower and making northeastern states carbon-neutral can all become inter-disciplinary projects for future batches,\" said the former President.According to Kalam, India's core competence for integrated action was in agriculture and food processing, reliable and quality electric power, surface transport, infrastructure, education, healthcare, information and communication technology and self-reliance in \"critical\" technologies. He said food, economic and national security could be achieved through coordinated action in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501196", "title": "Indian Institute of Management alumni to participate in coordinated global meet", "text": "LUCKNOW: Alumni of the Indian Institute of Management Lucknow will participate in a coordinated simultaneous world wide meeting on May 26. Called Renascence 2012, the meeting will have alumni in various parts of the world developing different activities to assist the institute in its various initiatives. This is the second in a series of coordinated world wide meets and will be held at 11 locations across the globe including six international locations and five in India.The first was held on May 7. The event follows the solar path, with the meeting beginning in Hong Kong at 6 am IST, moving to Singapore and reaching India - Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad and Mumbai.The meeting will then move to Dubai, followed by London, New York and ending at San Francisco . Spreading across 20 hours, over 2500 alumni and IIML faculty will participate in this initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501693", "title": "Rs 1L looted from pulse mill near Mokama", "text": "PATNA: Half-a-dozen criminals on Friday entered the Sharda Pulse Mill at Jakhraj Sthan locality under the Mokama police station area in Patna district and looted Rs 1 lakh from the cash box.Barh SDPO Raj Kishore Singh said that six criminals, including two carrying arms, reached the pulse mill at around 1.30pm. Some of them entered the mill while others kept a watch outside. They took hostage the mill owner Parsuram Prasad, his son and an employee and looted Rs 1 lakh from the cash box.Singh said that two criminals escaped towards Begusarai on a motorcycle. No one saw how the remaining four criminals escaped, he said and added that raids were on to arrest those involved in cash loot and recover the looted amount.Mokama police station SHO Sona Lal Singh said it seemed that the criminals knew that the mill employees leave for lunch at around 1.30pm. There were only three persons present inside the mill at the time of the incident, the SHO said and added that it seemed to be the same group which was involved in two loot incidents in Begusarai recently.Cleaner injured: The Kotwali police on Friday recovered an injured cleaner from Hardinge Park and admitted him to PMCH in a serious condition.Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said it seemed that the cleaner was scaling the iron grill boundary of the park and sustained cut on one of his hands. The cleaner did not get it treated and fainted due to excessive bleeding.He said that on Friday morning, the local police spotted him and admitted him to PMCH where his condition is stated to be critical. Efforts are on to ascertain his identity, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13500821", "title": "Filmmaker seeks police action against realtor", "text": "CHENNAI: National award-winning director C Pandiraj, who directed 'Pasanga' and produced 'Marina' among others, on Friday met police commissioner J K Tripathy and sought action against a realtor, Balamurugan, for implicating him in a case of cheating.Pandiraj had been accused by Balamurugan of not repaying the 50 lakh he had taken for 'Marina'. In his complaint, Balamurugan said, \"Pandiraj promised to not only return the 50 lakh but also give me a considerable 'share' of the film's profits but didn't.\"In his complaint, Pandiraj said \"I am not denying that I got money from Balamurugan. But it was a very meagre amount and not 50 lakh as he mentioned in his complaint. I am ready to repay it.\" Pandiraj, who garnered a lot of attention for 'Pasanga', said he was concentrating on his next project and had requested the police commissioner to dispose of the case as soon as possible.The petition has been forwarded to the central crime branch (CCB) for inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501751", "title": "Falling rupee dips sale of air conditioners", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the fall in the Indian rupee against the US dollar, the sale of air conditioners has gone down considerably. But with the intense heat wave lashing the city, the sale of coolers has shot up.The sale of air conditioners has come down by 30-40%. The branded air conditioners are imported from Korea and China. With the sharp depreciation in the value of rupee, the cost has gone up by 20-25% which means that a customer has to pay around Rs 8,000 more. \"The rise in the rates of air conditioners is the main reason behind the fall in their sale,\" said Subhash Chandra Vij, president, Lucknow Electric Merchants and Contractors Association.\"Even discounts and exchange schemes have failed to push up the sale of air conditioners,\" said Ambuj Saxena, manager at a shop in Hazratganj. A shop owner on Latouche Road, Irfan Ali said, \"Due to huge demand last year, we used to close down our shop at around 11 pm but now with no customers coming, we shut it at 8 pm.\"On the other hand, the sale of coolers has gone up. The shops which used to sell around 4-5 coolers a day till April and mid-May are now selling 20-25 coolers in a day. \"Last year, April was hot but this time, the summers got delayed and our sale of coolers started lately. But in this intense heat, coolers are a necessity and thus their demand has shot up,\" said Vij.Similarly, Hamza, a dealer of electric goods on Latouche Road, said, \"Earlier, the sale of cooler was marred by mild summer. But increase in the temperature in the last 10-15 days has led to the rise in the sale of coolers, thus making up for the loss we were incurring earlier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13504952", "title": "Maharashtra campaign brings down cheating cases by 40% in HSC exams", "text": "MUMBAI: The state board's initiatives to check students from taking unfair means during exams seem to have paid off with the numbers of cheating cases recording a 40.2% drop compared to last year. In fact, in 2011, Amravati had the notoriety of having the most number of students booked for cheating, but this year's figure has vastly improved from 1,505 to 371.While the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education registered 4,435 (0.34% of the total number taking the exams) cases last year, the number has come down to 2,652 (0.23%of the total examinees) for the HSC exams this year.Education minister Rajendra Darda attributed the drop to the success of the government campaign against malpractice and the awareness lectures.The state board chairperson, Sarjerao Jadhav, claimed that students had been staying away from committing malpractices after schools started explaining to them the severe consequences that they would face for their actions.\"Earlier , the students knew that they would most probably fail in those particular papers writing which they were caught cheating. But they were not aware that the inquiry committee, looking into their cases, could bar them once or twice or even four times from appearing for those papers, depending on their offences. During our campaign , we tried to create more awareness among students about the consequences,\" said Jadhav. He added that in some regions, these lectures were conducted even for parents of the examinees.Among the total 2,652 cases registered , 2,529 were for copying, 13 students were charged for sending a dummy candidate to their exam centres and 110 cases pertained to other malpractices.Nagpur has recorded 956 cheating cases, the highest among all the exam regions this year, while Konkan, which also had fewer examinees , registered the lowest number, 4. Konkan is followed by Kolhapur and Nagpur, with each registering 59 cases.Though in Mumbai, the figure remained the same as compared to last session, Nashik witnessed a steep rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13507642", "title": "Koraput loses its cool this summer", "text": "KORAPUT: This year's heat wave has not even spared Koraput, one of the coolest places in the state. The tribal-dominated district known for its dense forests, mountains and natural beauty has virtually turned into a cauldron. Jeypore, the district's biggest business centre, recorded around 42 degree Celsius on Friday.The roads in Jeypore, Koraput, Kotpad and Sunabeda wear a deserted look during the day with most people choosing to stay indoors because of high humidity and strong hot breeze making people sweat and suffer at places like Laxmipur, Pottangi, Semiliguda and Nandapur, which were once considered \"cooler\" spots. \"For the past few days, the heat has been unbearable. It is humid till 6 pm forcing people to stay indoors. I have never experienced such hot weather in Koraput,\" said Dibakar Hontal, a Jeypore resident. According to reports, heat related cases are pouring into hospitals. Officials said hordes of patients suffering from dehydration have been admitted to different hospitals.There is acute shortage of drinking water in Boipariguda, Kundra, Laxmipur, Dasmantpur and Pottangi blocks because most natural water bodies have dried up. Water-levels in wells and tube wells have also dropped.The sudden heat wave has caught the administration off guard. \"Most peripheral hospitals do not have coolers or ice bag facilites to treat patients. The district administration has made no effort to set up temporary rest sheds and drinking water faclilities like \"jal chatras\" at different points along the roads,\" said Bhabani Mishra, a social activist of Koraput.Officials at the district emergency centre said though the soaring temperature has affected life, no sunstroke deaths have been reported in the district so far. Additional district magistrate (Koraput) Pabitra Mandal said, \"The departments concerned have been asked to repair the defunct water bodies across the district and medical staff have been instructed to remain alert to treat sun-stroke related cases. Till now, the situation is under control and no sun-stroke deaths have been recorded in the district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13500200", "title": "Cheque bounce: Retired cop sent to jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a 64-year-old retired Delhi Police officer to three months in jail and imposed a fine of Rs 3.52 lakh in a cheque bounce case.Metropolitan magistrate Vivek Kumar Gulia gave the sentence to a resident of Malviya Nagar in south Delhi, saying cases of cheque bounce were on the rise. The court temporarily suspended the sentence and granted bail to the former cop after a personal bond of Rs 10,000 and a surety of the same amount were furnished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13503943", "title": "Tuitions nah! They learnt it all in class", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At a time when tuitions are considered a must to crack not just HSC and SSC but even school exam, these bunch of students have turned the tuition trend on its head and proved that success can be achieved even without going to coaching classes. These trend-breakers have shown that good result is all about planning and hard work.When their batch mates were commuting from one coaching class to another and spending hefty amount to ensure good grades, they developed a mantra: To work hard and indulge in activities that would help them in rejuvenating themselves to work harder.Manas Gupta, a class X student, who scored CGPA 10 in CBSE, feels that tuitions are for those who lack guidance at home and fail to cope up in school.\"One just needs to be regular in studies and pay attention in class for good result,\" he says.Describing tuitions as purely 'waste of time', Deepti Sharma, who scored 97.14 % in her class X exam, says, \"The time my friends spent on commuting was utilised by me in self study. There were times when I felt like he odd one out among friends, but after the result my faith has further strengthened. I am happy that my parents supported me all the while.\"Says N Amit, a class XII (Science ) student who scored above 90 per cent: \"I had an argument with my parents where they wanted me to join a coaching class, but I was firm and confident that I can crack the board without tuitions.\"Reshmi Nair, a class XII (Commerce) student who scored 90.6 per cent in class XII, feels that self study is always a better option as it ensures time to relax.\"I did score good marks in class X without tuition and after class XII result, my faith in self study has increased manifold. Not to forget the support and guidance of all my school teachers, who spent extra time on clearing my doubts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13503694", "title": "Rising abduction cases give sleepless nights to cops", "text": "RANCHI: The sudden spurt in abduction in Simdega district has given sleepless night to police as the kidnapping is done by CPI (Maoist) and its two splinter groups - the People Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and the Pahari Cheeta. In the past few months, the rebels have abducted at least 20 people including an elderly school teacher for ransom.police sources said in the past two-three months, more than 20 cases of abduction came to light. Of them, around 10 were registered in different police stations. The school teacher saved his life by paying Rs 50,000 to the abductors. \"Around 50% cases are not reported to police as family members fear threat to life of the victim,\" said a source.Simdega SP Prabhat Kumar confirmed that police were in a tight situation because of rise in number of abduction cases in the district. \"All rebel groups operating in the district have adopted this as a means to generate money. The three main groups which are engaged in abduction are CPI (Maoist), PLFI and Pahari Cheeta,\" said the SP adding that in the past few months, police had managed to arrest some of the rebels.\"We have arrested Chotu Singh of the PLFI, Binde Shah of the Pahari Cheeta and Girija and Sohan of the CPI (Maoist). We have also recovered Rs 2 lakh that was collected as ransom from the family of the victims,\" the SP added. tnnOn the range of ransom the rebels demanded, the SP said it could be any thing between Rs 10,000 to Rs 5 lakh. \"The amount depends on the financial status of the family of the victim and their negotiating capacity. I know one case where the demand was Rs 5 lakh but the family member negotiated and paid Rs 2 lakh for safe release of the victim,\" Kumar said.He said most of the time the abductors contacted family members by sending notes (parcha) but at times they even called on telephone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13500688", "title": "Akola Digest", "text": "Dr Shilpa Kotak is likely to be charged for medical negligence because of which an infant died during a cesarean performed on one Anjali Pravin Bochre, a resident of Dasera colony, last Friday.On the basis of the complaint, the postmortem of the stillborn infant was performed and the report is awaited, said the police. Dr Kotak allegedly delayed the operation causing death in the womb.The matter was referred to the CS committee along with the relevant documents. The report of the committee is awaited. Police maintained that action will be taken on the basis of opinion from experts.Relatives alleged that doctors Shilpa and Kiran were responsible for the unsuccessful delivery and that stern action must be taken against them.Gold worth Rs 1.3 lakh stolenThieves stole gold ornaments worth Rs 1.3 lakh and Rs 2,000 in cash from the two-wheeler dickey of one Lalita Pant on Monday. The incident occurred when the victim parked her vehicle on the premises of State Bank of India's main branch (station road) and went inside for some work. She lodged a complaint with the police. Further investigation is under way.Med students in a fixAs many as 40 students of Jamnalal Goenka Dental College were not allowed to appear for their first and second year exams which got under way on May 22. Recognition of the college was withdrawn two years ago, said sources.The college is situated in village Babhulgaon Jahagir, nearly 6 km from here. The college admitted students despite being derecogized.Shiv Sena MLC Gopikisan Bajoriya met district guardian minister Rajendra Darda and officials of Nasik Health University but in vain. Since the matter is sub-judice, nobody is interfering, said sources.4 officials get bailBlock development officer of Barshi Takli Panchayat Samiti, Babusing Chavan, Gram sevika Pradnya Wankhade, junior engineer Mohini Dhande and extension officer Dnyaneshwar Rudrakar were granted interim bail in the Samrudhhi Gram Yojana scam.On the basis of the court order, offences were registered against these officials. Ganesh Bhatkar, a resident of village Patkhed, where the alleged scam took place, approached the court after Zilla Parishad officials failed to take any cognizance.Passport centre closed since MondayPassport applicants are in a spot of bother. That's because the centre accepting the applications has been shut since Monday. Tata Consultancy Services has been given the contract to collect the forms in Nagpur. Due to the distance, applicants from 19 districts covering Vidarbha and Marathwada have been badly affected. From January up to May 19, 3800 applications were submitted. Travelling to Nagpur to submit the forms is turning out to be an expensive affair for the applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13498795", "title": "Andhra Pradesh high court directs Board of Intermediate Education to hold physics exam again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Responding to a clutch of petitions filed by students who have charged the Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) with gross negligence, justice B Chandra Kumar of the high court on Friday directed that the physics paper-II supplementary exam be conducted again for those students who paid the fee but did not manage to obtain hall tickets.This exercise should be completed as early as possible, the judge said.The judge also ordered BIE to declare results in time for the students to be able to apply to institutes like IIT and BITS.He, however, directed the board to issue a separate schedule for the students who could not write the exam on May 16 due to delay in the dispatch of hall tickets.\"It is made clear that students and their parents should not be made to suffer for no fault of theirs.\"Hence, the BIE is hereby directed to consider their case sympathetically and conduct re-examination for physics paper-II,\" ruled the judge.Thousands of students from all over the state could not write their physics supplementary test on May 16 due to non-issuance of hall tickets.The students contended that they failed to appear for the physics paper on May 16 despite having paid fees in time at their respective colleges and demanded that the physics examination be held again.Also on Friday, justice Chandra Kumar directed authorities to restore the police cover to YSR Congress leader Bhooma Nagi Reddy.The judge found fault with the officials for having taken an unilateral decision in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501293", "title": "Special Task Force traces lawyer's missing son", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Special Task Force (STF) of Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) managed to trace the teenage son of a Lucknow lawyer who had been missing since March 7, 2012. The boy had fled his home due to his poor performance in studies. He had reached Lucknow on Friday reportedly to meet a friend to seek financial help when STF arrested him.It all started after Rajiv Kumar Tripathi of Chandganj lodged an FIR with the Aliganj police stating that his 18-year-old son Amritanshu was missing ever since he left the house at around 10 am on March 13, 2012. While leaving the house, Amritanshu had reportedly told his family members that he was going to meet his maternal grandfather residing in Jiyamau locality under Hazratganj police station limits, but he never reached there. Initially, the family was under the impression that Amritanshu might have been kidnapped. Aware that the family had no old enmity, the reason behind the probable kidnapping could be possibly ransom, the family thought.The local police too tried to trace Amritanshu by questioning his known contacts and friends in Lucknow as well as in Bahraich where he was studying at a reputed public school as a hostel inmate but to no avail. With no headway in the case, the family members approached senior police officials who in turn transferred the investigations into the case to the STF. The case was handed over to the additional superintendent of police (ASP) STF, Shahab Rasheed Khan. The STF too went out full throttle in search of Amritanshu but with zero results. Several teams were put on the job and all possible links of Amritanshu were verified but the exercise failed to yield results.It was on Friday morning that the STF got a clue about Amritanshu's movements in Uttar Pradesh and his possible presence in Lucknow where he was expected to reach by a train. The STF deployed a number of teams at the Charbagh railway station and caught him the moment he was spotted. During questioning, Amritanshu told the STF that he had left his house on his own accord due to his poor performance in studies. Since his family was doing everything that they could to see him through the studies, a feeling of guilt had crept into him. So he had decided to leave his family. Amritanshu said he spent all these days doing odd jobs in Faizabad, Sultanpur, Rewa, Damoh and such smaller cities and could earn just enough to secure two square meals a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13518144", "title": "I'm not celebrating my celebrity status: Vir Das", "text": "Juggling roles an actor, comedian and lead singer of his band Alien Chutney, does he find it hard to strike a balance? He says, \"My manager never sleeps (laughs). My work was at moderation then, and it's extreme now. Last year has been very different on all fronts.\"Does 'different' means getting used to the spotlight and he says, \"There was a time when I used to walk down the road and people would look at me and smile. But recently, when I was taking Watson (his dog) for a stroll, a press photographer comes from nowhere and starts clicking!\" With a laugh he thinks aloud, \"But I wonder was it me or was it me walking my dog, that caught his attention?Anyways, I am not celebrating my celebrity status as yet. I still travel by rickshaw to the airport and my friends tell me of it perils, but guess this is who I am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13500734", "title": "Satpur hawkers demand rehabilitation", "text": "NASHIK: Around 200 hawkers from Shivaji Mandai area in Satpur, who were displaced during the anti-encroachment drive by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), staged demonstration in front of the Satpur Divisional Office of NMC on Friday, seeking rehabilitation.A delegation of hawkers led by Shantaram Chavan, President of Nashik District Hawkers and Kiosk-holders' Association (NDHKA), met the Chairman of Satpur Division of NMC Sachin Bhor and presented him with a memorandum of demands.The NMC administration had razed the encroachments of around hawkers, kiosk-holders and vendors over the past three weeks. These vendors and hawkers have been in the business opposite Shivaji Mandai since the last 30 years. Speaking to TOI, Shantaram Chavan, President, NDHKA, said, \"The livelihood of around 200 families has come to a standstill, with no income since the last 20 days. Implementation of the National Hawkers Policy by the NMC administration is our major demand. According to the policy, no one should be displaced and alternate arrangement must be made for them instead.\"The NMC has already given its approval to the National Hawkers PolicyThe hawkers, vendors and kiosk-holders have decided to continue their agitation until NMC administration accepts their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13504679", "title": "Allahabad High Court quashes Surajpur land acquisation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday quashed the notifications issued by the state government for acquisition of about three hectares of land in Surajpur village in Dadri tehsil, Gautambuddh Nagar for construction of aqua children's park. The Allahabad High Court order was passed by a division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice A N Mittal, allowing the writ petitions of Surajpur farmers.Quashing the notifications dated August 27, 2004 and July 19, 2005, the court ordered to return the land of the petitioners. The court was of the view that application of urgency clause invoked by the government for acquiring the land was without any real or actual urgency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13501661", "title": "Counter for credit card holders at Patna Junction soon", "text": "PATNA: Booking of railway tickets from Patna Junction can soon be made through credit card.The railways has decided to open a separate counter for the purpose at the Patna Junction reservation counter, Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM) L M Jha said and added a section of passengers, including businessmen, had been demanding the facility for long. He said this facility would also be of great help for passengers visiting Patna from far-off places.The DRM said the railways was committed to providing adequate amenities to passengers at Patna Junction. It has already provided ATM kiosk at the station. More ATM kiosks and other amenities are on the cards, he said.According to sources, ticket booking through cellphones is fast gaining popularity in New Delhi and other metropolitan cities. However, it is yet to become popular in Patna. Efforts are on to create awareness among passengers about the facility to book tickets through cellphones, an IRCTC official said.Meanwhile, the Danapur division of railways has increased the speed limit of all the passenger trains running through the division to 100km per hour. However, several pairs of long-distance mail and express trains, including Rajdhani Express, are running at a speed of up to 110km per hour on the Jhajha-Mughalsarai mainline of the division. The speed limit of trains on the loop lines has also been increased to 30km per hour at few places under the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13501322", "title": "Samajwadi Party yet to decide on Dimple Yadav's name for Kannauj bypolls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party's Parliamentary Board meeting held on Friday to discuss the preparations for the Kannauj Lok Sabha bypolls, concluded without any formal announcement about the party's candidate for the battle of ballots. The party also discussed the party's role in the national politics and the moves that the party plans to make in the forthcoming presidential polls. The issue of the steep hike in petrol prices was also discussed during the meeting.Contrary to the murmurs that the party may formally announce the name of Dimple Yadav , wife of party's state president and CM Akhilesh Yadav as the candidate for the Kannauj by-poll, her name did not come up even once during the deliberations. Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav instead sought opinion of the board members on the party's approach for the bypolls.Sources said that Mulayam also wanted to have the board's view over the winning ability of the party candidate from Kannauj. The parliamentary board meeting concluded after a majority of the members present nominated the party national president Mulayam Singh Yadav and state president Akhilesh Yadav to take the final call in deciding the candidate for Kannauj bypoll.Though there is little doubt over Dimple's chances of winning from Kannauj, SP is unwilling to take any chances. It may be mentioned here that recently hundreds of party workers from Kannauj had reached Lucknow carrying banners and posters demanding Dimple's candidature for the Kannauj bypolls. They submitted a memorandum to the party state president Akhilesh Yadav who assured them that he would convey their demands to the party president Mulayam Singh Yadav. Party state president and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had contested from the Firozabad and Kannauj in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls and won from both the place. His victory did not come as a surprise because both Kannauj and Firozabad have been a part of the Yadav's traditional stronghold. Subsequently, Akhilesh gave up the Firozabad seat to retain Kannauj and in the bypolls that followed his wife Dimple lost the polls. Earlier this month, Akhilesh resigned from Kannauj seat after being nominated as a member of the UP legislative council by the party after becoming UP CM.Dimple's defeat in Firozabad bypolls came as a shocker for the party. Some said that the party did not do the required bit as it was over-confident of her victory. Some others said that a select few in the party decided to field Dimple without even discussing the issue formally at the party's parliamentary board meeting, because of which the senior leaders did not pool in their required bit in campaigning for the party candidate. Some others pointed fingers at a very senior leader of the party and his alleged clandestine meetings with the locals in Firozabad prior to the polls as the reason behind the unexpected results in the Firozabad by-poll. The cracks that developed during this post poll assessment meeting, got widened by the day till the then national general secretary of SP Amar Singh was sacked from the party.The party's performance in the Firozabad by-poll has automatically turned the Kannauj by-poll as more of a matter of prestige for the SP rather than a mere parliamentary seat. Once bitten twice shy, this time the party wants to take a more democratic approach for nominating the candidate for the Kannauj bypolls in order to avoid the bad blood that somehow spilled during the Firozabad bypolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13515667", "title": "Mallika replaced by Afghani-Spanish hottie", "text": "At this very minute Gutka baron turned actor Sachiin Joshi is shooting some of the most graphic bedroom sequences ever shot for a Hindi film for his new film Mumbai Mirror.The sequences, we are told, would do away with the \"enforced vegetarianism\" that was imposed on Joshi's carnal instincts while shooting for his debut film Azaan with Playboy centrespread Candice Boucher.Joshi is now making up for lost time. He says his love-making scenes with his new 19-year old co-star Gihani Khan would make audiences forget the lack of physical intimacy in his debut film.\"People want to see heroes making out with hot babes on screen. That's what they'll get to see in my new film,\" promises Joshi who recently tied the knot with Urvashi Sharma. The young actor claims his wife is okay with the hot stuff on screen.Joshi's partner in bed is a stunning 19-year old foreigner who Joshi says, is \"ten times hotter than Mallika\" and with whom Joshi confesses he's doing the explicit love sequences that he was unable to with Playboy centrespread Candice Boucher in his debut film Azaan .\"In fact,\" confesses Joshi, \"I wasn't able to do any intimate scenes at all with Candice, for whatever reasons. There wasn't even a kiss. I am now making up for lost time. You'll get to see some of the most graphic love scenes ever. We've already shot some of the scenes. I've dropped all my inhibitions because that's the way audiences like it. We're shooting lengthy authentic love sequences for an adult viewership.\"A 19-year old Afghani-Spanish girl named Gihani Khan who speaks fluent Hindi and Urdu has replaced Mallika Sherawat in Sachiin Joshi's film Mumbai Mirror .Fuming at what he thinks to be Sherawat's unprofessionalism Sachiin is hell-bent to prove Gihani Khan would be sexier than Mallika Sherawat.Says the newly-married Joshi, \"When I saw Gihani my mouth fell open. I was introduced to her in Dubai by some friends who thought she was suitable for modeling. But Gihani had other plans. She wanted to be only an actress. When my director Ankush Bhatt auditioned her, Gihani zapped us all. She is not only ten times sexier and better looking than Mallika, Gihani is a brilliant actress. She is ready to take our industry by storm.\"Gihani who plays a bar dancer was put through the grind by Joshi. \"I took Gihani to beer bars to make her understand what bar dancers did. Then I made her stay with a bar dancer for two days. By the time she faced the camera she knew the character in and out. Watching her perform it's hard to believe she is 19 and never been exposed to the camera.\"About foreigners invading our industry, Sachiin says, \"It's sad that we hype Sunny Leone. Signing Jism 2 has only enhanced her appeal as a porn star. If earlier 10 lakhs people used to click to her porn sites now 1 million surfers search her out every night. I had introduced Candice Boucher in Azaan when she was unknown beyond magazine covers. Now I'm introducing Gihani Khan. Her lack of inhibitions in love-making scenes would make her an instant hit.\"Doesn't Sachiin's wife Urvashi Sharma object to his graphic love-making scenes? \"She knows acting is about titillation. I was forced to play the hands-off gentleman with Candice Boucher in Azaan . In Mumbai Mirror I'm pulling out all stops. The love-making would be so graphic audiences would be left wondering if they've just seen hardcore copulation on screen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13503912", "title": "Now, cruise boat operators refuse to shift to Britona", "text": "PANAJI: The state government's move to shift the cruise boats from the Santa Monica jetty to Britona jetty this week has run into rough weather. The operators have refused to move their vessels to the opposite side of the river at the Captain of Ports jetty, on account of lack of facilities.The boats were asked to move as the tourism department wants to repair the dilapidated Santa Monica jetty. The department had directed the cruise boat operators to start operating from the Britona jetty from May 23. The Captain of Ports, James Braganza, through a letter dated February 22 had granted permission to the cruise boat operators to use the Britona jetty.He had, however, laid down certain conditions. One was that all the buses and vehicles which transport tourists to the jetty would have to be parked at the GTDC complex next to the Mandovi bridge at Malim so as to avoid traffic congestion on the narrow village road of Britona. The tourists were expected to walk from the GTDC complex to the Britona jetty a few hundred meters away.Also no loud music was to be played after 10.30pm and no kiosk or offices could be erected by the cruise boat operators at the jetty.According to the cruise boat operators, their main reason to oppose the shift to Britona jetty is the lack of facilities. An official of Royal Cruises told TOI, \"How can they ask us to move there when there are absolutely no facilities provided?\"The boat operators say the parking area is too far from the jetty. Besides which, they say, the presence of hundreds of tourists along the narrow Britona road would disturb and cause resentment among villagers.Tourism director Swapnil Naik said, \"The shifting of the boats is required for at least one year to enable the strengthening and widening of the jetty.\" He declined to comment on the opposition to the shift. It is learned that efforts are on to persuade the boat operators. \"We cannot carry out the work with all these boats berthed there and hundreds of tourists coming and going,\" Naik said.Apart from the Santa Monica jetty, which often causes traffic congestions in that area of Panaji in the evenings, cruise boats also operate from the Betim jetty on the opposite side of the river. Chaotic scenes are witnessed everyday when busloads of tourists come to the Betim jetty in the evenings to unload passengers for the cruises. It is learned that the cruise boat operators will decide their future course of action by the end of this week. Sources said efforts are on to find a solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13506838", "title": "Nagaland police outpost in Sivasagar, cries Aasu", "text": "JORHAT: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) on Friday alleged that the Nagaland government has set up a police outpost beside NH-61 in the Haluating area of Sivasagar district and accused the state government of turning a blind eye to it.On Friday, the students' body sent a memorandum to DC (Sivasagar) to take steps at the earliest and issued an ultimatum of three days to take proper steps regarding the matter and dismantle the structure.Aasu's Amguri unit's general secretary Partha Hira said the latest development of Naga activities on Assam land has come to the limelight when a group of Aasu workers visited the Assam-Nagaland border recently. \"'We visited the trouble-torn Assam-Nagaland border a few days ago and saw the construction of a police outpost in the Haluating area, about three km far from Haluating police station, by the Nagaland administration. We were surprised to see Nagas activities on our land and immediately wanted Assam government's intervention into the matter. But our administration turned a blind eye to it,\" he added.He added, \"Finally, we sent a memorandum to DC (Sivasagar) requesting him to take immediate steps. We also issued an ultimatum to the district administration to take proper steps to evict the Nagas from our land. Otherwise, we will go on an agitation to protect our land from illegal encroachment.\"DC (Sivasagar) Jatindra Lahkar said, \"The matter will be taken up seriously if the allegations turn out to be true. But there have been no such complaint so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13504892", "title": "Amravati divisional commissioner's son in CBI custody till May 28", "text": "PUNE: The CBI custody of Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur's son Paresh Thakur (32) has been extended till May 28. Thakur, a resident of Kothrud, was arrested in an alleged cheating case.CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena told the court that Thakur, during interrogation, admitted to making 11 appointments at various districts by posing as the director of Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra (KVSK).According to Saxena, Thakur had disclosed that one Perukh Pastokiya had convinced him to become the state director while the appointment letter was issued by KVSK secretary S P Bagdi.Saxena submitted that the custodial interrogation of Thakur was essential as he was not revealing the addresses and contact numbers of the 11 people who were appointed as district/regional directors in Maharashtra.The prosecution sought time for examining and confronting co-conspirators named by Thakur and for recovering the rubber seal used on the KVSK letter heads and identifying persons responsible for printing the letter heads.Thakur's lawyer Deepak Shamdire pleaded to sent Thakur to magisterial custody on the grounds that the court had given sufficient time to the CBI to conduct investigations.On May 2, the CBI had registered a complaint of alleged cheating against Thakur who allegedly posed as director of Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra authorized to implement the 20-point programme of a scheme under the government of India.A verification conducted by the CBI revealed that no such organization had been authorized to implement the programme on behalf of the government.The CBI said Thakur allegedly duped people by pretending to be the director and offering appointments as directors of the programme by taking money from them.The incident came to light after Nashik-based medical practitioner Prasad Prabhakar Sonawane registered a complaint with the CBI accusing Thakur of taking Rs 3 lakh from him and issuing him a fake appointment letter as the district director of Nashik district for implementing the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13497722", "title": "IPL 5: Delhi Daredevils' decisions ensure third consecutive final berth for Chennai Super Kings", "text": "CHENNAI: Delhi Daredevils virtually handed the final berth to Chennai on a platter at the Chepauk on Friday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsThere appeared to be no logic to any of the decisions taken by the Delhi team management in the crucial second qualifier, right from the selection to the batting order.Chennai opener Murali Vijay cashed in, plundering a hapless attack as CSK made their third final in a row after winning by the huge margin of 86 runs.For starters, Morne Morkel, Delhi's Purple Cap holder, was inexplicably dropped to maintain the 'balance' in Irfan Pathan's absence.Delhi chose to go in the little-known Sunny Gupta instead. If that was not enough, Virender Sehwag chose to field first on winning the toss on this surface. Then, faced with a stiff target, the skipper didn't come out to open. The only ones not complaining were Chennai, who raced away to the highest score of IPL 5 and now face Kolkata Knight Riders in Sunday's final.Vijay showed why MS Dhoni insists on persisting with him, smashing 113 off 58 balls as Super Kings notched up 222/5. In reply, Delhi could only manage a feeble 136, being bowled out in 16.5 overs. Only Jayawardene, with a 38-ball 55, offered a bit of resistance.Sunny Gupta was asked to bowl the first over and Vijay didn't miss this chance to get into the rhythm. He stepped out against his statemate and put him over the top twice in the very first over, setting the pattern for the plunder.Gupta eventually gave away 47 from three overs. Even Varun Aaron had an extraordinarily bad day, giving away 63 off his four overs, setting another unwanted IPL record.With no Morkel, there was nothing in the Delhi attack that could have put CSK under threat. Mike Hussey and Vijay raced to a 68-run first wicket stand in eight overs. After Hussey got out, Suresh Raina took over, but it had to be Vijay's night. When Virender Sehwag introduced himself in the 11th over, Vijay stepped out and thrashed the Delhi skipper and there was no looking back for Chennai.The moment there was a lull, one among Raina and Vijay brought out the big shots. And the onslaught didn't stop even after Raina got out.Dhoni brought out his helicopter shot yet again as all Delhi bowlers could do was to fetch the ball from the galleries.The helicopter was flying again and the likes of Varun Aaron (2-63) looked like school bowlers.Vijay, meanwhile, completed his century in the 13th over and the celebration that followed suggested that he is finally relieved after the dry run of one-and-a-half months.223 was virtually an impossible chase and Chennai fans couldn't stop laughing when they saw Mahela Jayawardene coming out to bat with David Warner .\"Where is Viru?\" was the query all around. But no one had to wait too long to see Delhi's new No. 3. Warner got out trying to play one over mid-off and Viru (1 off 6 balls), coming in after that, tried to feel his way into the crease before throwing it away.The game was shut out there but Jayawardene tried to bring some respectability to the margin of defeat.TURNING POINTSShocking decision by Delhi Daredevils to drop IPL 5's highest wicket-taker Morne Morkel to accommodate Andre Russell in place of injured Irfan Pathan . Morne's replacement, offie Sunny Gupta, gives 47 runs in 3 overs, and dismissed for a duck.Off colour till now, CSK opener Murali Vijay fires a 58-ball 113.Dismissals of Warner and Sehwag within first 4 overs seal the match. Jayawardene (55) battles on but left too stiff a target to chase.MILESTONESDaredevils' Varun Aaron bowls season's costliest spell - 63/2 in 4 overs.CSK's 222/5 is IPL 5's highest score and 6th highest IPL score ever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13502915", "title": "One held for raping minor in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa police on Friday arrested a boy for allegedly raping a minor after the girl complained to her parents about the incident. Police sources said that while the boy is in college, the 14-year-old girl is still in school. Police sources also said that the two were friends and the boy \"took advantage of their friendship and allegedly raped her\".Though the incident took place in April, the girl told her parents about it only on Friday, after which they immediately imformed the Mapusa police. The police have arrested the boy under Section 8(2) of the Goa Children's Act (sexual assault) and Section 376 (rape), said police sources. The police are further investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "protest", "code": "13505290", "title": "City Digest", "text": "Protest: Activists of the Vishal Bharat Sansthan carried out 'Mahangai pe control, cycle-thela march' at Shashtri Park on Friday, Sigra to protest the recent hike in petrol prices. Meanwhile, party workers of Apna Dal protested price hike of petrol by burning effigy of the government at Azad Park, Lahurabir on Friday.Pledge ceremony: Members of Prateek Sansthan visited the seers admitted to the divisional hospital and took pledge to protect the Ganga in front of seers on Thursday.Death Anniversary: Gurudwara Parbandhak Committee observed the 406th death anniversary (Shaheedi Diwas) of Guru Arjun Dev by organising Akhand Path and Kirtan at Gurubagh on Friday. Meanwhile, the members of Kashi Nirmal Sampraday also observed the occasion and organised Sukhmanini Sahib Path at Visheshwarganj.Lecture: The Institute of Charted Accountants of India, Varanasi branch is organising a lecture series on 'Interpretation of Negative List Under Service Tax' at Maldahiya on Saturday.Meeting: Uttar Pradesh Journalists Association (UPJA) is going to conduct a meeting on Sunday at Paradkar Bhawan.Symposium: Department of history, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth, under the auspices of the Centre of Excellence awarded by government of Uttar Pradesh, is organising a national symposium on 'Indian Democracy: Present History and Future Direction' at the department of history on Saturday.Launch: The Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) launched its Composite Vender Directory 2012 on Thursday. The directory has information about the engine accessories and materials prepared at DLW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13500540", "title": "Governmentt fixes charges for e-seva kendras", "text": "NAGPUR: State government has issued directives to streamline the functioning of its e-service kendras and ensure equitable distribution of revenue between operators at all levels. The government has launched an ambitious project - mahaonline - to provide most documents through these kendras that use internet but several problems are dogging it.Sources in district collectorate said charges levied by district and taluka Setu kendras, maha-e-seva kendras or state consumer service centres (CSCs), the recently started village level Sangram kendras, e-chawdi service provided by village level revenue staffers and municipal CSCs were different. The commission of these kendra operators was also different, which had caused much discontent among operators. Moreover, there were lot of grey areas in levy of service tax on services provided by these centres.While the government had issued new rates to be charged from consumers, they would not be applicable to setu kendras until the contract with the kendra operator expired. Till then, existing rates would continue, an official said. To upgrade the village sangram kendras, henceforth those having internet would be considered as CSCs and would be provided the same facilities. The two will charge Rs 20 per service plus service tax.However, this will not be applicable to transactions pertaining to payment of taxes and civic amenity charges. The government will not determine charges for business to business (B2B) and business to consumers (B2C) transactions. If a service involves scanning, doing photocopy or filling up forms and it is not included in services provided by mahaonline then the consumer will have to pay extra for them as per stipulated rates.So far, only Setu kendras and CSCs were empowered to provide 7/12 land extract with government seals. Now sangram kendras will also be able to provide this document. The division of revenue for Rs 20 charged from consumers by Setu kendras has been fixed. State level Setu society will get Re 1, mahaonline - Rs 4, district level Setu society - Rs 2, while state level kendra operators' society and the kendra operators would get Rs 13.The monetary transactions between the kendras and bodies, which are constituents of mahaonline project, will have to be compulsorily through internet banking. Mahaonline will provide some services to kendra operators against Rs 4 per transaction charged by it. These include a central server in state data centre and a common software, receipts having the symbol of mahaonline and paying service tax on behalf of all constituents. It will also have to verify the information provided by the consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13501137", "title": "Fake siddha doctors fudged certificates", "text": "CHENNAI: Next time you visit a siddha doctor, take a close look at his name board. If he does not have a BSMS (Bachelor in Siddha Medical Sciences) next to his name, but states he is an 'enlisted siddha practitioner', you have good reason to be wary.There are more than 2,000 fake private siddha practitioners in the state, members of the Indian Siddha Medical Graduates Association (ISMGA) said on Friday.The association alleges that many practitioners hold fake registration certificates from Tamil Nadu Siddha Medical Council, qualifying them under the categories B, C or enlistment practitioners, which means that they have no formal degree or qualification, but possess decades of experience and knowledge of traditional medicine to treat patients.The association has filed a complaint with the chief minister's cell and city police to immediately take action against these quacks, former registrars and heads whose signatures are on their certificates, as well as the Indian Medical Practitioners' Cooperative Pharmacy and Stores (IMPCOPS) for registering the fake doctors and allowing them to practice.\"The registrars obviously procured the letterhead and fake seals and signed the certificates. The state siddha council informed IMPCOPS in 2010 that 2,000 practitioners registered in 2007 were fake, but they were still allowed to practice,\" said ISMGA secretary Padmaram Chandra.These B, C and enlistment categories were included according to the Tamil Nadu Siddha System of Medicine Act, 1997 to allow traditional and village practitioners of the science to register as legal practitioners. This method of registration was stopped in 2002, so practitioners who now hold B, C and enlistment certificates should be around 70 years old, said ISMGA spokesperson Muthukumar. Instead, he said, some are only 30 years old.The fake certificates have the Tamil Nadu Siddha Medical Council's letterhead, seal and signatures of now retired registrars of the council, and are dated back to 1997 and 1998. \"There were several discrepancies. The seals and the fonts on the certificates are different and serial numbers of certificates issued in the same month range from 4,000 to 8,000,\" Muthukumar said.Siddha practitioners initially got suspicious because many practitioners were too young - between 30 and 40 years old - to be registered under the enlisted categories. \"We wrote to the state siddha council, which confirmed that at least 400 of the 2,000 certificates were not genuine,\" Chandra said.IMPCOPS president A Ramalingam denied the allegations and said the cooperative had recently rejected 1,000 members with fake certificates.\"We have rejected many membership applications and renewals from January after we found that they had fake certificates,\" he said. \"I have written to the state siddha medical council and the Central Council for Indian Medicine to inform them about the fraud.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13505260", "title": "Maharashtra state board to charge Rs 400 for copies of answer sheets", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai division board has already received more than 35 queries from students for photocopies of their answer sheets. For the first time in its history, the Maharashtra Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education will be handing out photocopies of answer sheets to students.The policy was introduced this year after a Supreme Court directive of August 2011 stated that students aggrieved by the marks awarded to them can make an application and have a look at how the marks had been given. Maharashtra state board will charge Rs 400 for an answer book of one subject. R Bhise, divisional secretary of Mumbai, said that by Friday evening, they had received more than 35 queries from students.Dilip Sahastrabuddhe, chairman of Latur division, said there were queries from students even before the results were announced.Interested students can apply for photocopies till June 8. While some believe that Rs 400 is too steep, an official from the board said that the amount is less than what other boards charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13504747", "title": "Interaction with others more rewarding than getting award: Gargi", "text": "BHOPAL:Fifteen-year-old Gargi of St Marie's Convent School of Ujjain is a budding scientist. Her work on solution on waste water treatment in Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF), a major high school science research competition of the world, has earned her US $ 1,000 award.She won the second prize in the special award category for her solution on waste water treatment at the competition, often referred to as the Olympic of Science fairs.\"The work I've undertaken deals with the use of nano zero valent iron and iron-copper bimetallic nano particles for the complete degradation of organic pollutants such as dyes.Dyes are irresponsibly disposed of as effluent and lead to many types of skin diseases and even cancer ,\" explains Gargi, a class X student.The competition was held at Pittsburgh, Pennslyvania, USA, where 1,549 students from 68 countries participated. Her father Dr Brijesh Pare is the professor of chemistry. About her US experience, the girl says, I feel winning award is one thing. But it is more important to meet people with different background, cultures and share experiences with them. It is interesting to know about academic environment and the way they work in the field of science and technology.Students from other countries like the US and Canada get better facilities and encouragement than their counterparts in India. \"Still I am happy that the team from India performed exceptionally well in the ISEF 2012,\" says the bright girl before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-26"}
